```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting a stall at Tesco on Wednesday (12 February) and residents are encouraged to come along and say hello.
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2020
title: Meet your local officers at Tesco on Wednesday
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-local-officers-at-tesco-on-wednesday-1373b
```

* ## Officers will be at Tesco in Hatfield between 11am and 1pm on Wednesday 12 February.

 * ## Residents are encouraged to come along and say hello.

 * ## The stall will alternate each week between Tesco, the Galleria and Asda.

The Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting a stall at Tesco on Wednesday (12 February) and residents are encouraged to come along and say hello.

The Welwyn Hatfield West Team cover the wards of Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and also the University of Hertfordshire.

Officers will be on hand between 11am and 1pm to listen to any concerns and issue crime prevention advice. Residents will also be able to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch, which keeps the community informed via email about crime, missing people and other information relevant to the local area.

The stall will be a weekly fixture in the team's diary and alternate each week between Tesco, the Galleria and Asda.

PCSO Deborah Rogers said: "It's important that residents get the chance to speak to us face-to-face so if you're in the area please drop by and see us.

"We're here to help keep you safe so we want to know your views. What are we doing well? What could we be doing better?

"If you don't get the chance to drop by tomorrow, we've got lots of other stalls coming up. You can also use the Constabulary's new feedback service echo to quickly and easily give your views on local policing. Just go to bit.ly/police-whwest and tell us what matters most to you.

"Don't worry if you don't live in the areas of Hatfield that our team covers. We'll still listen to your concerns and alert our colleagues if you need more help."

The team will be at the following locations during the upcoming Wednesdays between 11am and 1pm:

Tesco - 12 February, 4 March, 25 March, 15 April, 6 May, 27 May, 17 June

The Galleria - 26 February, 18 March, 8 April, 29 April, 20 May, 10 June

Asda - 19 February, 11 March, 1 April, 22 April, 13 May, 24 June

To sign up to Neighbourhood Watch, visit owl.co.uk

To keep with the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team, follow them on Twitter @WelHatPolice or 'like' them on Facebook.
