```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison today (Wednesday 4 September) after he cut a man\u2019s hand off in Abbots Langley."
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2019
title: Man sentenced to 15 years in prison following serious assault in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-15-years-in-prison-following-serious-assault-in-abbots-langley-0718
```

A man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison today (Wednesday 4 September) after he cut a man's hand off in Abbots Langley.

Che Ambe, age 22 of Caractacus Cottage View in Watford, was sentenced today at St Albans Crown Court after being found guilty of GBH on Monday 12 August.

On the evening of Sunday 10 February, the victim - an 18 year old man - and his friend were walking home from the shops along Long Elms when Ambe drove towards them on a moped.

The court was told that the three knew each other but did not get on. Subsequently, the victim and his friend ran away but Ambe came off his bike and chased them, armed with a bladed article. The victim fell as he tried to run away and Ambe caught up with him and cut his hand off.

The victim's friend managed to run back home and after Ambe fled the scene, the victim was also able to run to the home for safety.

Police were called and an officer who attended the scene found the victim's severed hand. Officers searched the area and located and arrested Ambe shortly afterwards.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, they were not able to reattach the victim's hand.

Ambe must serve at least 10 years of his sentence before being considering for parole. Upon his release he will be subject to an extended licence of five years.

Detective Constable Steve Mason, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "I hope that Ambe spends his time behind bars reflecting on the pain and misery he has inflicted on the victim.

"This was a vicious incident which highlights the dangers of carrying knives. Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to tackling knife crime so I hope this case provides reassurance to the public that we will do all we can to bring knife crime offenders to justice.

"Never hesitate to call the police if you suspect that someone you know is carrying a knife."

_If you are worried or have information about knife crime in your local area, please call the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency, or if someone 's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away."_

_ _

_You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact._

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form atcrimestoppers-uk.org_ _._
