```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A scheme that encourages people who feel unsafe in bars or other venues to get help from staff, is being rolled out in Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: "\u201CAsk for Angela\u201D scheme launched in Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Ask-for-Angela-scheme-launched-in-Welwyn-Hatfield-Hertsmere-1328BJ
```

* New scheme launches in Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere to encourage people who feel unsafe in bars and clubs to ask for help from bar staff.
 * Scheme could be used by people who are meeting someone for the first time, such as on a first date after meeting online.
 * Look out for the Ask for Angela sticker and posters in participating venues.

A scheme that encourages people who feel unsafe in bars or other venues to get help from staff, is being rolled out in Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere.

The "Ask for Angela" scheme was launched at the Willows Pub in Welwyn Garden City on Friday, December 14 and 100 other pubs and clubs in the areas have also agreed to take part. The launch was attended by representatives from Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere's Pub Watch schemes and Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere's Community Safety team.

Anyone on a date or meeting someone for the first time in a club, bar or restaurant supporting the Ask for Angela scheme can get help simply by asking staff to speak to "Angela".

Staff can then assist the person in leaving the venue discreetly and getting home or to a place of safety. This could mean calling a taxi for them and making sure they get in it safely.

The scheme, which was first introduced in Lincolnshire, was piloted in Stevenage earlier this year and has now been rolled out across the county. It was welcomed by venues in the town with more than 20 pubs and bars signed up to the scheme. It is also supported by the local Pubwatch scheme.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is now encouraging venues across the county to get involved. Stickers and posters will be distributed through Pubwatch schemes in each of the districts and boroughs.

**Community Safety Sergeant Ricki Vaughan, said:** "We are really pleased the "Ask Angela" scheme has now arrived in Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere. The benefits of the scheme are twofold. It gives people who are meeting someone for the first time in a pub or bar - such as on a first date - the confidence to ask for help from venue staff if they feel unsafe. Maybe the person isn't who they said they were on the dating website where they met or are making them feel uncomfortable.

"And for the venues, it provides an opportunity to discuss with their staff how to respond to people who ask for help or who might be vulnerable because, for example, they have drunk too much.

"The aim is to avoid at an early stage an uncomfortable situation turning into a sexual offence later on."

**Helena Heslin, Manager of the Two Willows Pub and Secretary for Pub Watch in Welwyn Hatfield, said:** "We are delighted to be launching the scheme at the Two Willows and hope that people who might come to our venue on a first date will feel safer because of it. I am also pleased that both the Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere Pub Watches are able to support this initiative.

Posters and stickers will be displayed in discreet locations inside participating pubs, bars and restaurants. Participating venues will also be promoted on the Herts Police webpage

Venues wanting to take part should contact their local licencing officer for further information and literature for staff.

Ask for Angela
