```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a photo of a bike, stolen during a robbery in Park Street, in a bid to trace it.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2019
title: Appeal to trace bike stolen during robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-bike-stolen-during-robbery-2719f
```

* ### The robbery happened on Wednesday, February 27 in the alleyway in Woodcutter Place, Park Street.

 * ### The victim, a 21 year old man, was not injured.

 * ### Anyone who has seen the bike, or been offered it for sale, should contact DC Paul Edmondson on 101 or through email at paul.edmondson@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/19198/19.

Officers have released a photo of a bike, stolen during a robbery in Park Street, in a bid to trace it.

At 6.20pm on Wednesday, February 27, the victim - a 21 year old man, was cycling along the alleyway in Woodcutter Place when he was approached by four males who took his bike and cash.

The offenders then made off in the direction of Tippendell Lane. The victim was not injured during the incident.

Detective Constable Paul Edmondson, who is investigating, said: "Have you seen this bike or been offered it for sale? It's a blue Boardman mountain bike and I'd like to hear from anyone who thinks they have seen it.

"I would also like to hear from any witnesses to the robbery or anyone who has information about it.

"If you can help, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or through email quoting crime reference 41/19198/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

** **
