```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hundreds of vehicles were checked by police during a two-day proactive operation to tackle traffic, acquisitive and drug-related crime across Three Rivers.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2020
title: "Hundreds of vehicles checked during two-day proactive operation \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hundreds-of-vehicles-checked-during-two-day-proactive-operation-three-rivers-1407c
```

* ## Hundreds of vehicles were checked by police during a two-day proactive operation to tackle traffic, acquisitive and drug-related crime.

 * ## They primarily focused on the M25 corridor between Denham Way and Chorleywood Road, as offenders use the country's busiest motorway to cross between county borders and commit crime in Three Rivers.

 * ## Passing vehicles were checked using Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology which flagged up people of interest, resulting in dozens of vehicle stops.

Hundreds of vehicles were checked by police during a two-day proactive operation to tackle traffic, acquisitive and drug-related crime across Three Rivers.
Operation Scorpion* officers were supported by Safer Neighbourhood Team colleagues as they focused on targeting travelling criminals who use the area's major arterial routes.

They primarily focused on the M25 corridor between Denham Way and Chorleywood Road, as offenders use the country's busiest motorway to cross between county borders and commit crime in Three Rivers.

Passing vehicles were checked using Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology which flagged up people of interest. This resulted in dozens of vehicle stops and the highlights are as follows:

• An Audi A3 was stopped after it showed links to an assault in Northwood. The driver was confirmed not to match the suspect's description, however he was questioned at length and his details were corroborated at the roadside before detailed intelligence was submitted.

• A Lamborghini was intercepted after it appeared to pass through a red traffic light at junction 18 of the M25. The driver was spoken to and given words of advice by officers.

• Officers intercepted a VW Golf after following it from The Green, Croxley Green, to Rectory Road in Rickmansworth. They witnessed it being driven in an erratic and aggressive manner, with the driver choosing to tailgate other vehicles and execute inappropriate overtakes. The vehicle was stopped and the male driver was spoken to while roadside checks were made. He was issued a Section 59 notice for anti-social driving, meaning if he is stopped by police again his vehicle will be seized.

• A Fiat Scudo van was seized on Uxbridge Road in Rickmansworth after checks revealed it had no valid insurance policy.

• A white Ford Fiesta was stopped by officers after they witnessed the two male occupants acting suspiciously. A search of the vehicle resulted in a quantity of cannabis being found and seized. One of the occupants, a 19 year old man, was issued with a Community Resolution as it was his first offence.

• Officers witnessed a black Ford Fiesta acting suspiciously in Uxbridge Road, Rickmansworth. They signalled for it to stop before conducting a search on the male driver, which proved negative. The driver's details were corroborated at the roadside and an intelligence report was submitted.

• A Suzuki Grand Vitara was stopped in Gosforth Lane, South Oxhey, and the occupants, both men, has been detained and searched. Several items of drug paraphernalia were found in the vehicle and seized. Following roadside checks, it transpired that the driver was disqualified and also did not have a valid insurance policy for the vehicle. As a result, the vehicle was seized at the scene and the driver reported for driving offences. Further intelligence was submitted.

• A Vauxhall Meriva was stopped after the vehicle showed as having invalid insurance. The male driver provided unsubstantiated evidence of a trade policy so officers issued him with a notice to provide further evidence at a later date.

PC Ben Saunders, who led the operation, said: "We know that burglary, drug-related crime and vehicle crime has a huge impact on its victims, so we are dedicated to disrupting and intercepting anyone involved in these types of offences.

"This pre-planned operation also presented us with a good opportunity to tackle those who don't feel the need to insure their vehicle, or choose to drive in a manner which endangers other road users.

"I am confident that we denied criminals the use of strategic travel routes between Hertfordshire and the surrounding counties, and I hope it sends a clear message to them: Hertfordshire is not a soft target. We will be continuing both high-visibility and covert patrols in order to tackle those who travel into our county in the hope of committing crime. We are always watching."

*Operation Scorpion officers proactively target offenders who commit burglaries, robberies, drug and vehicle-related crime.
