```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Letchworth, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and settle Housing took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour and drug related crime.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2021
title: Closure order secured on Letchworth property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-letchworth-property-1181g
```

* ## A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Letchworth, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and settle Housing took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour and drug related crime.

 * ## The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at Stevenage Magistrates' Court.

 * ## The property has been the subject of a police investigation following numerous complaints from local residents.

A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Letchworth, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and settle Housing took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour and drug related crime.

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at Stevenage Magistrates' Court this morning (Wednesday 10 February) and prevents the tenant from entering the property in Western Way for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

The property has been the subject of a police investigation following numerous complaints from local residents about the tenant and his associates using the address in an anti-social manner, including drug related crime and breaching current COVID-19 legislation.

Anti-social behaviour officer Jeanette Dallimore said: "The closure order was sought after we received numerous complaints from local residents reporting that the address was being used by a large number of people who were drug dealing from the address or using it to take drugs. People were also staying in the house whilst the tenant was absent, breaching COVID-19 regulations.

"I hope this has reassured the community that we take reports like this very seriously and along with our partners, have worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the closure order application. The order is in effect for three months however we are working with partner agencies to find a more permanent solution."

Anyone who wants to report anti-social behaviour can call Herts police on 101 or report online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit North Herts echo and tell us your thoughts.
