```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CI would definitely recommend the role of a PCSO, because it is so rewarding. I have gained a lot of confidence, both in the role and in my day to day life. I get such a buzz making a positive difference to people\u2019s lives.\u201D Ryan, a PCSO in Watford."
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2018
title: Looking for a change of career? Join us at an event to find out more about the role of Police Community Support Officer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/looking-for-a-change-of-career-join-us-at-an-event-to-find-out-more-about-the-role-of-police-community-support-officer-1620ALL
```

* ### We're recruiting Police Community Support Officers (PCSO).

 * ### There's an information evening at Police HQ on August 29th for those who want to find out more.

 * ### Book your place today at pcsorecruitment@herts.pnn.police.uk.

 _" I would definitely recommend the role of a PCSO, because it is so rewarding. I have gained a lot of confidence, both in the role and in my day to day life. I get such a buzz making a positive difference to people's lives."_ Ryan, a PCSO in Watford.

If you're looking to change career and want to make a positive difference, why not join us at an event to find out more about the role of a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO)?

PCSOs work in Safer Neighbourhood Teams which work to improve the quality of life for residents and make their area safer, by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The role of a Police Community Support Officers is paid and there are opportunities for people who wish to work part-time or flexible hours. The role involves shift work, including working some weekends and evenings to 11pm.

**An information evening is taking place on Wednesday, August 29th at 7pm at Police Headquarters, Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, AL8 6XF.** People will be able to find out more about what the role entails and gain valuable advice about the application process. There will also be an opportunity to speak with serving PCSOs.

To book a place at the event, please email. Parking is available on site.

"There are a whole host of reasons why the role of a Police Community Support Officer is attractive," said Superintendent for Workforce Development, Clare Smith. "Many people have had a career elsewhere and want a role which has a direct impact on the community. You may have built up life skills and experiences which could be a great advantage to the role.

"As a PCSO you're given your own geographical area and it is your job to get to know the community; their issues, concerns and what may be affecting their quality of life, and find solutions to help.

"You'll be supporting victims of crime, instigating crime prevention initiatives, conducting patrols to prevent crime and reassure residents and generally being a port of call in your community. It's a very unique role that our PCSOs say is challenging, but incredibly rewarding."

Anyone who is interested in finding out more about the role can visit.
