```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a ring identical to a stolen pendant in a bid to reunite it with its owner. It happened in Liverpool Road between 7.30am on Friday September 22 and 10.30pm on Sunday, September 24.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2017
title: Appeal to trace pendant following a burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-pendant-following-a-burglary-in-watford
```

* ### Image released of ring identical to stolen pendant.

 * ### Pendant stolen in Liverpool Road, Watford, sometime between Friday, September 22 and Sunday, September 24.

 * ### Officers looking to reunite the pendant with its owner.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a ring identical to a stolen pendant in a bid to reunite it with its owner. It happened in Liverpool Road between 7.30am on Friday September 22 and 10.30pm on Sunday, September 24.

Offenders gained entry to the property by smashing a rear window before carrying out a search. They took a number of items including a large quantity of gold jewellery, a gold pendant, a Dell Inspiron 15 laptop, an Asus X550CA laptop and charger, a HP laptop, three digital cameras, an iPod, a Samsung smartphone, a Samsung Galaxy phone, two Blackberry Curve phones, a bottle of Pimms and a bottle of whiskey.

Detective Constable Matt Cox, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "A number of the items taken have great sentimental value to the victim, in particular a pendant that had an identical design as the ring pictured. We would be keen to hear from anyone who has been offered any items for sale that match the description above. Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area around the time of the offence?

"If you have any information at all, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number **101** , quoting crime reference C1/17/5291."

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
