```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a report of a rape in Stevenage town centre in the early hours of Sunday morning (October 28).
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following sexual offence in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-sexual-offence-in-stevenage-1994E
```

* ### Appeal for information following rape in Stevenage.

 * ### Incident occurred on footpath on Six Hills Way.

 * ### Anyone with information urged to call 101 or report via www.herts.police.uk/report.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a report of a rape in Stevenage town centre in the early hours of Sunday morning (October 28).

A 24-year-old woman was walking along the footpath on Six Hills Way close to the junction with Lytton Way between 3am and 4am (after the clocks had been turned back).

It is believed she became involved in a verbal altercation with a man. The man has then gone onto seriously sexually assault her. The location was believed to be a grassy area between two underpasses on the path.

The man is described as being a white man, around 5ft 6in tall, of medium build and had black facial hair or a short beard. He was wearing a dark coloured jacket and dark jeans. He spoke with a local accent and smelt of cigarette smoke.

The woman is currently being supported by specialist officers.

Detective Sergeant Claire Hill-McGrath, from the Sexual Offences Investigation Team, said: "This was a serious but unusual incident. We are very keen to speak to anyone with information that could help our investigation.

"Were you in the area at the time and saw something? Did you see or hear an altercation taking place? Or did you see a man matching this description?"

Anyone with information is asked to contact the police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/50614/18, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
