```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two motorcycles have been seized by police following several reports of them being ridden anti-socially in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2018
title: Bikes seized in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bikes-seized-in-abbots-langley-1861C
```

* ### Police had received several reports of the motorcycles being ridden anti-socially over the past few weeks.

 * ### The rider has been reported for driving offences.

 * ### Anyone who witnesses motorcycles been ridden in a dangerous manner is asked to report it to police.

Two motorcycles have been seized by police following several reports of them being ridden anti-socially in Abbots Langley.

The bikes were seized under section 60 of the Police Reform Act 2002 after being traced to an address on Tuesday (October 2). They have been used anti-socially on numerous occasions over several weeks including riding along paths, down alleyways and attempting to goad police into chasing them. The number plates had also been swapped.

The rider was reported for several driving offences including riding otherwise than in accordance with a licence and with no insurance.

If you are caught riding illegally or anti-socially, police can issue a written 'section 59' warning. If you are caught again within the next 12 months, police have powers to seize your moped/bike. If owners do not subsequently reclaim their vehicles and pay storage or recovery fees within a 14 day period, their vehicles can be crushed.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Simmons said: "The rider had previously been issued with a section 59 warning and we were therefore able to take these vehicles off the road. I hope this sends a clear message that we will use our powers to crack down on this type of behaviour and will not hesitate to seize any vehicles found to be involved.

"Riding in a dangerous or anti-social manner could lead to serious, or even fatal, consequences for both the rider and members of the public. It also causes misery for local residents.

"If you see anyone riding in this way, please contact police. Try and get a good description of the rider and the colour of the helmet, if they are wearing one, and make a note of any registration numbers."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101 or report it online.
