```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Meet our newest police officers \u2013 ready to patrol the streets of Hertfordshire \u2013 and not afraid to show their fun side!"
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019
title: Fourteen new officers join the beat
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Fourteen-new-officers-join-the-beat-1038
```

* ### Hats off to our new police officers!

 * ### We're recruiting police officers, PCSOs and volunteer police officers

 * ### Think: They did you can

Meet our newest police officers - ready to patrol the streets of Hertfordshire - and not afraid to show their fun side!

The 14 PCs - five women and nine men - were formally welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary at a special graduation ceremony earlier this month.

The new constables - including a former refuse collector, hotel receptionist, a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) and an airport valet parking manager, who is originally from Romania - paraded in front of their families and senior officers, including their new chief inspectors at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "All of our new officers go through a vigorous recruitment process before undergoing intensive training to ensure that they are fully equipped to deal with life on the frontline and I wish them all luck with their policing careers.

"We are recruiting to all kinds of roles: police officers, police community support officers (PCSOs) and volunteer police roles so I'd encourage people to consider a career with us. Think: 'They did you can'."

Our new recruits completed a 16-week training course at Letchworth Police Station which includes a mixture of classroom-based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

The officers have now started shifts at local stations across the county, putting into practice all they learned, with two PCs based in Borehamwood; Hemel Hempstead; North Herts; Three Rivers; and Watford; and one in Broxbourne; Dacorum; Hertsmere; and Stevenage.

Charlie added: "Joining Hertfordshire Constabulary gives you the chance to be a part of a team that is passionate about your personal development, career progression, positively contributing to our local community and offer a welcoming, supportive workplace to people with different life experiences and backgrounds."

If you're interested in a career in policing find out more at:

 * Police Officers - www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/police-officers
 * Police Community Support Officers - www.hertspolicepcso.co.uk
 * Special Constables - www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk

Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to recruiting a workforce that reflects the communities it serves and protects. We provide advice and support, including mentoring to candidates from under-represented backgrounds through our 'positive action' scheme, and regular advice sessions which are open to everyone.If you think you'd benefit from positive action support through your police officer recruitment journey, you can email _positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk_ to find out more.
