```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of racial abuse in South Oxhey are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2019
title: "Appeal for witnesses following racial abuse \u2013 South Oxhey"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-racial-abuse-south-oxhey-2767
```

* ### Did you witness a woman being racially abused on a busy petrol station forecourt?

 * ### It happened on Prestwick Road just before 8am on Tuesday, February 26

 * ### If you can help, please contact police

Officers investigating an incident of racial abuse in South Oxhey are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on the forecourt of the petrol station next to Tesco Express on Prestwick Road just before 8am on Tuesday, February 26.

It was reported that the victim, a woman in her 50s, had a verbal altercation with the offender - a man - after a parking dispute on the forecourt.

As part of the altercation, the offender racially abused the victim.

PC Jonathan Walldock, who is investigating, said: "This was a distressing incident for the victim and we have followed several lines of enquiry.

"Due to the time of day, there were a number of other people on the forecourt at the time of the incident and I believe they will have witnessed what happened.

"If you were one of them, I would be very keen to speak to you."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Walldock on _jonathan.walldock@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/18649/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
