```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Three Rivers Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has welcomed a new Chief Inspector, Alex Warwick, who began her role at the start of this month in line with the new year
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2021
title: "Three Rivers welcomes a new year \u2013 and a new Chief Inspector"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-rivers-welcomes-a-new-year-and-a-new-chief-inspector-1081c
```

* ## Chief Inspector Alex Warwick is settling into her new role in Three Rivers.

 * ## She takes the reigns from previous Chief Inspector Adam Such.

 * ## Alex brings with her nearly three decades of policing experience.

The Three Rivers Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has welcomed a new Chief Inspector, Alex Warwick, who began her role at the start of this month in line with the new year.

She takes the reins from the borough's former Chief Inspector Adam Such, who is now leading the Constabulary's Operations and Events team.

Alex first joined the Constabulary in September 1992 after achieving a 2:1 in English Literature at Hull University. She was initially based in Stevenage, working as a Constable in the Intervention team and responding to 999 calls. She spent the first five years of her career there before moving to Dacorum to join what is now known as the Operation Scorpion team, proactively pursuing criminals involved in acquisitive crime.

After two years in the role she became an Acting Sergeant before training to be a detective and joining the former Criminal Investigation Department (CID), which is now known as the Watford Local Crime Unit. After she became substantive, she moved to the Major Crime Unit (MCU) in 2002 where she worked for a decade in a number of roles.

These included being a Family Liaison Officer, where she supported murder victims' families during police investigations, and a Disclosure Officer which saw her working with the Crown Prosecution Service to examine all unused material gathered in major crime cases and ensure it was recorded accurately.

During her time with the MCU, Alex became a mother to her three daughters who are now aged 13, 16 and 17. While juggling the demands of being a parent she investigated the most serious crimes, with one of the most notable being the death of Jeffrey Howe in 2009 - dubbed 'The Jigsaw Murder'. In February 2010, Stephen Marshall was convicted of murdering Mr Howe - who was his landlord - in his north London home before dismembering the body and disposing of it in locations across Hertfordshire and Leicestershire.

In 2012, she moved to the Safer Neighbourhood Team in Borehamwood where she worked as a Sergeant for six months before transferring to the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit where she held the position of Detective Sergeant for two years. She later took up a role in the Public Protection Unit, which involved managing registered sex offenders, working with vulnerable people and safeguarding the community.

Another two years passed and in 2017 she was promoted to Detective Inspector, leading the St Albans Local Crime Unit as they investigated all sorts of offences from burglaries and robberies to arson and serious assaults. After three years in her DI role, Alex took up a temporary Chief Inspector role in Broxbourne for three months before being promoted to her new role in Three Rivers in late 2020.

Alex, who is a Hertfordshire resident, enjoys walking, reading and playing tennis in her spare time. Before the coronavirus pandemic hit, she was also a regular visitor to the theatre and art galleries.

She said: "I bring with me nearly three decades of policing experience and in my new role as Chief Inspector for Three Rivers, I will be leading three Safer Neighbourhood Teams, the Local Crime Unit, the Operation Scorpion team and the Intervention teams that respond to 999 calls.

"I never imagined I would be taking up this post during a national lockdown but I am thoroughly looking forward to this new challenge, and partnership working will form the cornerstone of my role. This means I will be liaising closely with my partners at Three Rivers District Council and other local organisations, so we can all continue working towards our collective goal of achieving a safer district in which people can live, learn, work and visit.

"In the coming weeks and months I will be identifying the fundamental issues that affect the communities that call Three Rivers home and working with my teams to build a strategy to prioritise and tackle these concerns head on.

"I believe that all our residents have the right to live unaffected by crime and anti-social behaviour and my team will continue to do their utmost to improve the lives of those living in Three Rivers. We are here to protect people from harm, and that is my motivation."

What do you think Alex and her team should be concentrating on as a policing priority in Three Rivers? You can use our feedback tool, echo, to tell us what you think should be top of the list.

You can submit your thoughts by filling out the simple form at Three Rivers echo.

You can also follow Three Rivers' local policing teams on Facebook (search 'Three Rivers Police') and on Twitter @ThreeRivPolice.
