```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team joined forces with the Stevenage Borough Council Town Centre Warden to tackle anti-social cycling in the Town Centre.
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2019
title: Officers tackle cycling in pedestrian areas in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-tackle-cycling-in-pedestrian-areas-in-stevenage-1073e
```

* ## Officers clamp down on anti-social cycling in Town Centre Areas.

 * ## Safer Neighbourhood team join forces with Town Centre Warden to tackle the issue.

 * ## Repeat offenders reported.

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team joined forces with the Stevenage Borough Council Town Centre Warden to tackle anti-social cycling in the Town Centre.

Following numerous complaints regarding people cycling in the pedestrian areas, the team were out in force on Saturday between 9am and 3pm stopping anyone riding a bike where they shouldn't be.

Details of the offending cyclists were taken and those who had not been spoken to before received a warning. Anyone who had previously had their details taken in relation to cycling in a prohibited area were reported for the offence if they were over 17 years, or a warning sent to parents if they were younger.

Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Tabert said: "Stevenage is a very cycle friendly town and a vast number of residents use the cycle ways to get around in an environmentally friendly way. However a small percentage of cyclists insist on riding through the pedestrian areas of the town centre where cycling is banned.

"This understandably results in a large number of complaints to us. Cycling in pedestrian only areas is extremely dangerous and we are committed to tackling the issue. We will continue to monitor the town centre in this way."

**

**
