```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in Watford this morning (Saturday 31 August).
publish:
  date: 31 Aug 2019
title: Murder investigation launched in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/murder-investigation-launched-in-watford-0692
```

The Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in Watford this morning (Saturday 31 August).

Police were called just before 3am today to Gammons Lane at the junction on Leavesden Road to reports of a three vehicle collision and subsequent fight taking place.

Officers attended and found a man in his 20s with alleged stab wounds. He was taken to hospital where he was sadly pronounced dead.

A further call was received to reports that a man had been found with a serious alleged stab wound to his arm in St Georges Road. This man was also taken to hospital for treatment.

The two incidents are believed to be connected and both scenes are cordoned off. The majority of Gammons Lane is closed and people are advised to avoid the area.

The vehicles believed to be involved in the collision, which are still at the scene, are a grey Volkswagen Golf, a blue Vauxhall Corsa and a black Vauxhall Astra.

Detective Chief Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the BCH Major Crime Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the victim's family at this awful time and they are being supported by specially trained officers.

"A 19 year old man from Watford has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody.

"We are still in the very early stages of our investigation and extensive enquiries are being carried out to help establish the sequence of events. I would urge any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch straight away.

"In particular, I would like to hear from anyone who believes they might have dash cam footage of any of the vehicles in Watford overnight on Friday 30 August into this morning."

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "I understand this sad news will cause alarm to the local community and I would like to reassure Watford residents that we are working closely with MP Richard Harrington and Watford Borough Council to support anyone who has been affected by this terrible loss of life. Please do not hesitate to get in touch if you have information that can help the investigation."

If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Orient. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
