```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: St Albans born Sergeant Paul Caro is heading up the St Albans Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team. He is responsible for six police officers and seven PCSOs.
publish:
  date: 24 May 2018
title: Meet the new St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant and Wheathampstead PCSO
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-the-new-stalbans-safer-neighbourhood-sergeant-and-wheathampstead-pcso-0253F
```

* ### New St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant wants his officers to be highly visible and proactively deal with crime and anti-social behaviour.

 * ### He is reminding residents to lock their cars to help prevent thefts from vehicles.

 * ### PCSO Joshua Walton is now covering Wheathampstead.

St Albans born Sergeant Paul Caro is heading up the _St Albans Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team_. He is responsible for six police officers and seven PCSOs.

Sergeant Caro said: "Although I enjoyed managing an intervention team and never knowing what we would be dealing with in 10 minutes time, I'm very pleased to have a role where I can plan my time. It means I can really get involved in problem-solving with the council and our other partner agencies and trying to make a positive difference to the wider community."

He said: "I have taken over an excellent team of dedicated officers who want to be out patrolling and being proactive dealing with anti-social behaviour and crime. My aim is to provide a visible police presence and develop a real understanding of the issues within the local community. I have always particularly had a passion for helping those too vulnerable to help themselves."

Sergeant Caro specifically asked to be moved to the St Albans neighbourhood team. He said: "I'm lucky in that I know the area really well having grown up here and been a student at both Beaumont and Verulam Schools. I care about this City. Whilst St Albans is a desirable place to live and a relatively low crime area, vehicle crime continues to be a problem. Thefts have often happened when owners are not locking their vehicles. Please lock your vehicles and remove all valuables. Let us know on 101 if you see anyone acting suspiciously. I'm looking forward to working with partner agencies and promoting Neighbourhood Watch and OWL as a way for residents to be informed about crime in their local area." If you would like to meet your local PCSO and discuss any concerns face to face, keep an eye out for drop in surgeries that will be happening in your community.

Sergeant Caro joined Hertfordshire in 2007 as a police officer based on Intervention (responding to 999 calls) in Hatfield. He was promoted in 2013, receiving the highest score for his law and procedure exam in Hertfordshire, and was posted to Sergeant on an intervention team in Hemel Hempstead. Prior to joining the police he studied Psychology at Nottingham University. After completing his studying he travelled across New Zealand.

During his career, one of the jobs that sticks in his mind is a rogue trading incident in Brookmans Park where offenders were trying to steal tens of thousands of pounds from a 90-year-old man. Sergeant Caro was made aware of the incident and worked with colleagues to catch the offenders in the act when they returned to the man's home. They were quickly arrested and convicted. Sergeant Caro said: "The victim was worried about wasting police time but he did exactly the right thing, and as a result of the plans we put in place, he didn't lose his life savings. It felt fantastic to help someone in this way."

Another memorable job is where he helped save someone who tried to take their own life in Hatfield and on the same shift, he had to force entry into a bed-bound woman's house to save her from a fire.

Sergeant Caro is aged 34 and lives in Hertfordshire with his wife and two children. He enjoys playing squash and football and watching all types of sport.

**_PCSO Joshua Walton - Wheathampstead _**

Joshua Walton is the PCSO covering Wheathampstead. He joined the _Harpenden and Rural Neighbourhood Team_ recently replacing PCSO Chloe Dagless.

He said: "I want to be a high visibility presence and the first port of call to help people."

Joshua, who previously worked as a manager of a fashion store, said: "I've always wanted to join the police. My uncle was an officer in the Met. As a PCSO, you can help support victims and get them back up to where they were before it happened. It's all about helping people when they need it most.

"As well as building up relationships with members of the public, I have been working with other companies to build up good relationships with the shops, which will help when I'm collecting CCTV for shoplifting or bilking offences. I am also keen to work with schools to educate children about how to keep themselves and their property safe."

Joshua did his initial training in Letchworth. He has got involved in house-to-house enquiries following burglaries in the town. He and his colleague PC Richard Donbavand were first on the scene of an arson at the Dogs Trust. "It wasn't a nice situation but I put my training into practice and found myself calm working under pressure. We called the fire service and closed the local roads during rush hour. You feel a huge sense of achievement doing everything in your power to control a potentially dangerous situation. You never know what to expect in this job and no two days are ever the same."

Joshua studied Public Services in Bletchley where he learnt about policing and the fire service and army.

_OWL, Twitter and Facebook_

You can join Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL)

You can follow the team on Twitter **@StAlbansPolice** and the Facebook **St Albans Community Safety Partnership**. You can also follow St Albans Chief Inspector Cheek on Twitter **@StAlbansChief **

PCSO Joshua Walton Sergeant Paul Caro
