```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Today (Tuesday, February 26), officers have re-arrested a man in connection with the disappearance of Joy Morgan, a University of Hertfordshire student who is missing from Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2019
title: Man re-arrested in connection with disappearance of Joy Morgan
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-re-arrested-in-connection-with-disappearance-of-Joy-Morgan-2636MD
```

Today (Tuesday, February 26), officers have re-arrested a man in connection with the disappearance of Joy Morgan, a University of Hertfordshire student who is missing from Hatfield.

A 40 year old man from London has been re-arrested on suspicion of murder. He remains in police custody at this time.

Joy, a midwifery student was last seen in Ilford on December 26, 2018. She was reported missing to police on Thursday, February 7.

Joy is described as black, of slim build, around 5ft 5in tall, with black afro-style hair which she often covers with a scarf. She also wears glasses.

She has links to Ilford, Battersea, Cricklewood, Stevenage and Luton.

As part of the investigation, officers are keen to trace information around a highly distinctive Honda that Joy regularly travels in (pictured). The vehicle's owner has been identified and spoken to but it is believed that the vehicle is linked to Joy's disappearance.

Any information about Joy's whereabouts can be submitted online here: _https://mipp.police.uk/operation/35SA020119R15-PO1_

_If you have seen Joy since she was reported missing or have information about where she has been, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary 's non-emergency number 101. If you believe you are with Joy now or have seen her in the last few moments, please call 999 immediately. _

_ _

_You can also report information online at _www.herts.police.uk/Report_. _

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at _www.crimestoppers-uk.org_. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them._
