```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man has been jailed for two years after admitting threatening his former partner.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2019
title: St Albans man jailed for two years for domestic abuse
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/St-Albans-man-jailed-for-two-years-for-domestic-abuse-601
```

* ### Domestic abuse offender brought to justice

 * ### Police investigated threats to former partner

 * ### Man jailed for malicious communications

A 33-year-old man has been jailed for two years after admitting threatening his former partner.

Thomas Goodwin, previously of Normandy Road, St Albans, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 2 August for an offence of malicious communications committed on 2 July. He had pleaded guilty to sending abusive and threatening text messages on 6 July at Hatfield Magistrates' Court.

At the time of the offence, Goodwin was serving a 16 month suspended sentence for assaulting the same victim in April of this year. He was sentenced to serve the previous 16 month suspended sentence, along with an additional eight months for the malicious communication.

Investigating officer, Jayne Atkin, from the Domestic Abuse Investigations and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), said: "Goodwin sent abusive and threatening messages to his former partner that made her genuinely fearful. Having suffered at his hands before, she reported the threats to police and we acted quickly to arrest him.

"Hopefully this shows how seriously we take every report of domestic abuse. We will always fully support victims throughout the investigative process and we bring offenders to justice."

If you have been a victim of domestic abuse, you can report it to police on the non-emergency number 101, or online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website www.HertsSunflower.org. In an emergency situation, always call 999.
