```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Borehamwood are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 20 Jan 2020
title: Witness appeal following incident in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-incident-in-borehamwood-1298
```

* ### The incident happened between 12pm and 12.30pm this afternoon (Monday 20 January)

 * ### The suspects forced entry to a property in Northgate Path

 * ### Anyone with information should contact Sergeant Payne via email at Chris.Payne@herts.pnn.police.uk or call 101

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Borehamwood are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident happened between 12pm and 12.30pm this afternoon (Monday 20 January).

The suspects, who were reportedly wearing balaclavas, forced entry to a property in Northgate Path. It is alleged that one of the offenders had a knife.

The victim, a man in his 20s, sustained cuts to his hand. He was taken to hospital for treatment.

It is not known if anything was stolen at this time.

Sergeant Chris Payne, who is investigating, said: "Firstly, I'd like to stress that this is not being linked to the incident that happened in Leeming Road yesterday. We understand that incidents of this nature are alarming, and will undoubtedly cause concern amongst the local community.

"Please be assured that we are carrying out extensive enquiries to identify the offenders. If you were in the area around the time and believed you may have witnessed the incident, or believe you may have seen anyone in the area behaving suspiciously, please get in contact.

"Any information, no matter how minor or insignificant it may seem, could be vital to us solving the case."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sergeant Payne directly via email at Chris.Payne@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/5932/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
