```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Mill End are appealing for two people who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2019
title: Did you witness attempted robbery in Mill End?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-attempted-robbery-in-mill-end-1178c
```

* ## The incident occurred in an alleyway near the social club.

 * ## One of the suspects appeared to be in possession of a knife.

 * ## A jogger intervened and detectives are trying to trace him, as well as a woman who walking a dog nearby.

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Mill End are appealing for two people who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.

The incident occurred in an alleyway off Penn Road, near the Mill End social club, at around 4.50pm on Tuesday 10 December.

A 15-year-old boy was approached by two unknown males who demanded he handed over his mobile phone. When he refused, one of the males revealed what appeared to be the handle of a knife in the waistband of his trousers.

A member of the public then intervened and the males walked off. Nothing was taken and no one was hurt.

One of the suspects was white and the other black. Both were of average build and around 5ft 8 to 5ft 9in tall. They were both wearing black puffer jackets, trousers and shoes.

Detective Constable Paul Burton from the Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was hurt during the incident and nothing was taken. We have been carrying out enquiries in the area and are keen to trace two people who may have seen what happened, as they could greatly assist our enquiries.

"The person who intervened was a man who was out jogging and a woman was also walking a small white dog nearby. I am appealing for these people to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone else who may have information which could help us to identify the suspects."

Anyone with information is asked to email

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/111125/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

**

**
