```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are urging van owners to remain vigilant following four incidents overnight where vehicles have been broken into and items stolen.
publish:
  date: 18 Apr 2018
title: Police issue warning following van break-ins in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-issue-warning-following-van-break-ins-in-Stevenage-0081E
```

* ## Van breaks on the rise in Stevenage.

 * ## Police appeal for owners to take precautions and stay alert.

 * ## Security advice issued.

Police in Stevenage are urging van owners to remain vigilant following four incidents overnight where vehicles have been broken into and items stolen.

 * A white Peugeot van parked in Carisbrooke Close had the rear doors forced open and power tools were stolen.
 * A silver Citroen Berlingo van parked in Whitesmead Road had power tools and a wallet removed from within.
 * At some time during the night a white Ford Transit van parked in Tintern Close had its lock damaged and power tools stolen.
 * Also overnight power tools were stolen from a grey Renault Traffic van parked in Headingley Close.

Detective Inspector for Stevenage Chris Treadwell said "Thefts from vans is an ongoing issue for us, but we have seen an increase in this type of crime recently. I'd like to remind van owners to secure their vehicles as much as possible, remain vigilant and report any suspicious activities around vans to us immediately."

There is some simple crime prevention advice that van owners can also follow to help protect themselves from becoming victims of crime:

 * **It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows whenever you leave your van unattended. **

 * Never leave any valuables visible - keep ALL possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your jacket pocket or file left on the seat, a thief may try their luck.

 * Remove tools from your van when left over night

 * If removal of tools is not possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.

 * Consider parking your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to get inside.

 * Engrave or mark tools and their boxes with your postcode and house number.

 * Fit additional locks external locks to van doors.

 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamps, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have one.

 * Fit a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection.

 * Use a "Pedal Box Guard" to encase the pedals when the vehicle is not in use.

 * Fit an on-board diagnostic (OBD) safe device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's OBD port, inside the cabin, to prevent additional keys being coded. If you think a crime is in progress always call 999. To report any other information please call 101 or report online.
