```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Hitchin are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Dacre Road on Friday 7 February.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2020
title: Appeal following assault in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-hitchin-1460g
```

* ### Detectives seek missing witnesses to assault in Dacre Road

 * ### Couple in Vauxhall Corsa may have seen previous altercation

 * ### Man arrested and charged for ABH

Detectives in Hitchin are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Dacre Road on Friday 7 February.

Just before midnight an altercation occurred outside an address at the Nightingale Road end of Dacre Road with two people injured.

Karl Smith, aged 51, from Fletcher Way, in Hemel Hempstead, was arrested and charged with two offences of ABH. He has been released on court bail whilst the investigation continues.

Investigating officer, Detective Simon Goodship said: "We believe there were people in the area who may have witnessed this incident, who we have not yet to spoken to. We are also keen to trace a couple in a dark Vauxhall Corsa who may have witnessed an earlier incident in Radcliffe Road at the Nightingale Road end involving an altercation between two men."

Anyone with any information should contact Detective Simon Goodhship via email to Simon.Goodship@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/11827/20. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
