```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a dangerous incident of criminal damage in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2020
title: Appeal following dangerous criminal damage in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-dangerous-criminal-damage-in-hatfield-0908b
```

* ## Between 9.45pm and 10pm on Saturday (21 November), a man aged in his 20s was driving his red Mazda along Queensway.

 * ## Two males picked up a blue post and threw it at the moving vehicle causing the windscreen to smash.

 * ## If you can help call 101 or email PC Aimee Smith at aimee.smith@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a dangerous incident of criminal damage in Hatfield.

Between 9.45pm and 10pm on Saturday (21 November), a man aged in his 20s was driving his red Mazda along Queensway towards Link Drive when two males picked up a blue post used to separate the cycle lanes and threw it at the moving vehicle.

The windscreen window smashed and the two boys then ran off.

The offenders are described as two males aged between 16 and 20. They were wearing dark clothing with black masks. Only their eyes were visible.

PC Aimee Smith, who is investigating, said: "The offenders should count themselves lucky that they did not injure the victim or cause a serious collision with their reckless behaviour.

"I am appealing for anybody who saw what happened, or anyone with information, to get in touch. If you were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, I urge you to check it and get in contact if you spot something that could help our investigation.

"Please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email PC Aimee Smith quoting crime reference 41/93968/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.
