```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a serious violent crime survey during April, receiving more than 8,000 responses.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2020
title: Unprecedented response to serious violence survey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/unprecedented-response-to-serious-violence-survey-146
```

* ### Great response to survey about violent crime

 * ### More than 8,000 complete the survey

 * ### Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say

Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a serious violent crime survey during April, receiving more than 8,000 responses.

The survey was carried out as part of the county's Serious Violence Strategy*, which was developed in response to increases in violent crime in Hertfordshire and across the country. The survey was carried out to find out which channels are used by residents, partner agencies, charities and businesses to report violent crime.

The survey found that more than 90 per cent were aware of the 999 and 101 contact numbers, whilst around 36 per cent were aware of online reporting options. The survey also found that more than 56 per cent of responders were aware of the Online Watch Link (OWL) system which allows people to sign up to receive emails about crime prevention, local crimes and updates from local police officers. If you are not already a member you can sign up at www.owl.co.uk . As well as letting us know your views, you will be able to hear what work has been done around the existing policing priorities, as well as looking ahead at what needs to be tackled in the future.

Superintendent Stuart Cheek, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction & Community Safety Department said: "We've had an amazing response to this survey, which was carried out as part of our commitment to tackle serious violent crime. The data and comments we have received, from a wide range of respondents from all over the county, will give us a useful well of information to draw on. We are delighted that so many people took the time to complete the survey and we are always interested to receive feedback and information which can be submitted via our website or our new echo tool.

You can report violent crime and information online, or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. Both of these options can be accessed via our website: www.herts.police.uk/contact.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
