```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s Mobile Scorpion Team* have arrested and charged three individuals in connection with burglaries involving the theft of high value vehicles in Hoddesdon, Potters Bar, Welham Green and Barnet."
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2018
title: Three charged in connection with burglaries in Potters Bar, Hoddesdon and Welham Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-charged-in-connection-with-burglaries-in-Potters-Bar-Hoddesdon-and-Welham-Green-0015
```

* Three people have been arrested in connection with burglaries and the theft of high value vehicles
 * The individuals were arrested, charged the same day and detained in custody
 * They are next due to appear at cout on May 4

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Mobile Scorpion Team ***** have arrested and charged three individuals in connection with burglaries involving the theft of high value vehicles in Hoddesdon, Potters Bar, Welham Green and Barnet.

Between February and April the following burglaries happened:

 * In the Potters Bar area during February, March and April, offender(s) broke into properties in Willow Way, Dove Lane, The Greenway and Arlingham Cottages in South Mimms. An attempted burglary also happened in Field View Road. During these burglaries an Audi S3 was stolen from Willow Way and a SEAT Leon TNU was stolen from Arlingham Cottages.
 * In Hoddesdon during February, offender(s) broke into a property on Ellis Close and stole an Audi S Quattro from the driveway.
 * In Welham Green at the beginning of April, offender(s) broke into a property on Holloways Lane and stole a Mercedes AMG.
 * At the end of March a property in Creekmore Lane, Barnett was also broken into and is believed to be part of the same crime series. An Audi A1 was stolen from the driveway.

The charges follow proactive investigations undertaken by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Mobile Scorpion Team and the Specialist Investigation Team. ***** The Mobile Scorpion Team works alongside and supports local policing teams across Hertfordshire and patrols the county's roads to target travelling criminals coming into the area to commit offences such as burglaries, motor vehicle crime and drugs related crime. The Specialist Investigation Team deals with cross border organised crime groups.

The men were arrested and charged with burglary on April 4. They include:

 * Seventeen-year-old George Morrison, from Whitefriars Avenue, Harrow.
 * Eighteen-year-old John Power from Trewint Street, London.
 * Eighteen-year-old James O'Brien from Dove House Mead, Barking, London.

The suspects appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on April 5 and were remanded into custody. They are next due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on May 4.
