```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re reminding people that it may take longer than usual to get through to police about non-emergency matters this Halloween which is one of our busiest nights of the year."
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Contacting us on Halloween
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Contacting-us-on-Halloween-2002
```

We're reminding people that it may take longer than usual to get through to police about non-emergency matters this Halloween which is one of our busiest nights of the year.

Tonight is only topped by New Year's Eve for the highest number of calls coming into our Force Communications Room (FCR), where our call handlers deal with emergency 999 and non-emergency 101 calls, as well as online reports.

Last Halloween we received **646** emergency 999 calls and **1,422** 101 calls compared to an average day where we deal with around **415** emergency calls and around **1,220** non-emergency calls.

Picking up the phone is not the only way you can contact us about non-emergencies. We have an online reporting option - www.herts.police.uk/Report \- where people can report crime, provide information about suspicious activity, report non-injury road traffic collisions and anti-social driving and also have a web chat with a call handler.

FCR Manager Vanessa Green said: "When we have exceptionally high demand it is more important than ever that the public use the emergency 999 number correctly so that there is no delay in getting assistance to those who most need it. Please only call 999 if:

 * Someone is injured, being threatened or their life is in danger.
 * There is a risk of injury to someone or a risk of serious damage to property.
 * A crime is in progress or you suspect a crime is in progress.
 * There is a serious incident which needs immediate police attendance.
 * Someone suspected of a crime is nearby.

"When there is no immediate threat to life or property, please call 101 or use one of our online options. Please do not dial 999 if you face a delay in getting through via 101 as you could slow down a genuine emergency getting through. Unfortunately during busy periods those calling about non-emergencies may have to wait a little longer in a queue as we must prioritise getting help to those who may be facing life or death situations.

"If you're calling about a non-emergency and don't want to wait you could consider using our online reporting options or hanging up and trying again at a less busy time.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the public for considering the best option when contacting us and also for your patience on what will no doubt be a busy evening for our dedicated call handlers and frontline officers."

**Typical examples of when you should call 101 or contact us online include:**

 * ** ** If you want to give police information about a crime that is not currently in progress.
 * To contact a local police officer, such as someone from your Safer Neighbourhood team.
 * If your property has been stolen or damaged but it is not a crime in progress.
 * If you suspect drug dealing or use in your area.

You can find Halloween crime prevention advice on our website at https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/halloween-and-fireworks-night-should-be-fun-for-all-ALL
