```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Dog owners are being reminded of their responsibility to keep their pets under control when around livestock.
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020
title: Reminder for dog owners to keep pets on leads around livestock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/reminder-for-dog-owners-to-keep-pets-on-leads-around-livestock-688
```

* ### Sheep injured on Box Moor Trust lands in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Dog owners reminded to keep pets under control when around livestock

 * ### Sheep worrying is a crime dog owners can be held responsible

Dog owners are being reminded of their responsibility to keep their pets under control when around livestock.

The warning comes following a number of incidents where sheep on Box Moor Trust lands in Hemel Hempstead have been attacked by dogs and in some cases killed.

The most recent happened on Saturday morning (26 September) when a sheep was found mauled to death on Further Roughdown, between the A41 and the railway line.

In another incident, over the summer, a dog chased sheep on Trust land and caused bite injuries to three of the animals. One was so badly injured that it had to be put to sleep.

However, the risk is not only to livestock. In June, the Trust became aware that a dog was seriously injured while harassing cattle on the Moor. The owner has never made contact with the charity.

Sergeant Karen Mellor said: "Box Moor Trust land is a beautiful place to walk with a dog but it is vital that owners keep their pets on a lead when walking anywhere near livestock.

"Even if you think you have good control of your dog please still put a lead on them as many owners who have felt confident in their recall skills have been caught out, leaving both the owner of the dog and livestock shocked, upset and potentially out of pocket.

"Sheep worrying is a crime and those that allow their dogs to chase livestock will be dealt with robustly. No-one wants their dog walk to end with their pet causing harm or even fatally injuring a sheep. Putting your dog on a lead, even if you're in a separate field to the livestock but walking nearby, is the best way to eliminate the risk of something going terribly wrong."

Box Moor Trust Trustee Peter Ablett, who is chair of the Trust's Land and Estates Committee added: "It is outrageous that despite the Trust's warnings, some dog owners are still refusing to put their pets on leads around livestock.

"It's very distressing to discover that yet another animal has suffered a painful and horrible death that could have been so easily avoided by a dog owner doing the right thing and putting their pet on a lead.

"This latest attack was reported by a member of the public who made the grim discovery on Saturday morning. We have not yet heard from the owner of the dog responsible.

"If you walk your dog where livestock may be roaming please put your pet on a lead!"

Under the Dogs (Protection of Livestock) Act 1953, if a dog worries sheep on agricultural land, the person in charge of the dog is guilty of an offence. The act considers 'sheep worrying' to include attacking sheep, chasing them in a way that may cause injury, suffering, abortion or loss of produce, or being at large (i.e. not on a lead or otherwise under close control) in a field or enclosure in which there are sheep. The Act does not require livestock to be killed for this offence to be committed.

Dog owners can also be convicted for 'allowing their dog to be dangerously out of control' and in some cases owners have been cautioned or summonsed to court.

**For more information about walking your dog on Box Moor Trust land visit their**website, which is regularly updated to show where livestock is grazing.

**If you see an incident of sheep worrying in progress you should call 999. If the incident has already happened and is no longer in progress you can** report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
