```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-hertford-1352a
```

* ## The incident happened at around 5.30pm on Thursday 23 January.

 * ## A woman was walking down the alleyway between Fore Street and the multi-storey car park when a teenage boy attempted to steal her handbag.

 * ## Officers are particularly keen to hear from two men who came to the woman's assistance.

 * ## If you saw what happened, or have information, contact DC Jan Hollis on 101 or via email at janet.hollis@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hertford.

The incident happened at around 5.30pm on Thursday 23 January.

The victim - a woman in her thirties, was walking down the alleyway between Fore Street and the multi-storey car park when a teenage boy ran past her and into a restaurant. The same boy then ran back towards the victim and attempted to grab her handbag.

The victim screamed and fell to the floor and the boy then let go of the bag and ran off.

The suspect is described as a white teenage boy age between 14 to 16 years old, around 6ft tall and of a thin build. He had dark curly hair and was wearing dark coloured clothing, including a dark coloured hoody.

Detective Constable Jan Hollis, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not injured but this was understandably a distressing incident.
"I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to get in touch.

"Three kind people came to the victim's assistance. We've already spoken to a lady who helped her but we are keen to speak to two unknown males who also assisted. Was this you? Do you know them? It would be really useful if we could speak to them so please don't hesitate to get in touch.

"If you can help, please contact me by calling the non-emergency number 101 or by emailing me quoting crime reference 41/7009/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
