```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Woolmer Green are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following an assault in Woolmer Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-assault-in-woolmer-green-2235
```

* ### Did you witness an assault in Woolmer Green between 4.45pm and 5pm on December 8?

 * ### The victim suffered a number of fractures to his face and had to receive hospital treatment

 * ### If you have any information that could assist police, please call 101 quoting 41/63989/18

Officers investigating an assault in Woolmer Green are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Longmead between 4.45pm and 5pm on Saturday, December 8.

The victim, a man in his 40s, walked to his van - a Citroen Dispatch - and opened the sliding side door.

He then noticed a man next to him who proceeded to punch him to the right side of his face a number of times.

This caused him to fall to the ground but the offender continued to assault him before running off. The victim then noticed two other men leaving with the first offender in the direction of Bridge Road/London Road.

The offenders are described as aged in their late teens to early twenties.

The victim suffered a number of fractures to his face as a result of the attack and had to attend hospital. He is now recovering at home.

Detective Sergeant Christopher Ross, who is investigating, said: "This was a nasty assault and the victim has suffered significant injuries as a result. I want to reassure him that we are doing all we can to trace those responsible.

"I am now asking the public to recall whether they saw anyone running from the Longmead area around the time of the assault on the 8th. Did you see any young men acting suspiciously in the vicinity?

"Many people now have CCTV installed on their properties, so I am asking those in the area surrounding Longmead to let us know if they have footage that they believe captures those matching the description.

"Any information, however insignificant you think it is, could prove vital to our investigation. Please get in touch if you think you can help us."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Ross on _christopher.ross@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/63989/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
