```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Dacorum are reiterating advice around the use of electric scooters after officers recently stopped a number of young people riding them illegally.
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2021
title: Reminder of e-scooter legislation in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/reminder-of-e-scooter-legislation-in-Dacorum-1378
```

* ### Police remind public of legislation around e-scooters after seeing several people riding them illegally

 * ### The machines are prohibited on public highways and currently, the law states they must be used on private land only

 * ### Inspector Jeff Scott asks riders to think of 'their own safety and the safety of others'

Police in Dacorum are reiterating advice around the use of electric scooters after officers recently stopped a number of young people riding them illegally.

E-scooters have increased in popularity in recent years but are currently only legal to ride on private land with the landowner's permission, or as part of a government trial.

Riding an e-scooter in public when it is not part of an authorised trial is against the law and can result in penalty points, a fine and seizure of the vehicle.

Earlier this month, police seized an e-scooter after its rider - a teenager - ignored officers' verbal warnings about using it in the Marlowes. The officers later followed up with the local college to share key messages and posters explaining the legislation to students.

Dacorum Neighbourhood Inspector Jeff Scott said: "With trials of rented e-scooters taking place around the country, some people are purchasing their own in the mistaken belief they can legally use them on public paths and roads. This is not the case and we are finding that otherwise law-abiding citizens are inadvertently breaking the law in this way.

"Now that the Easter holidays are here, we want to ensure that children and parents understand the danger these machines pose to both the rider and pedestrians. Often, riders don't wear a safety helmet and some of these e-scooters reach speeds of up to 40mph, so it's not hard to imagine what the result could be in the event of a collision.

"Our focus is engaging with members of the public to make them aware of the law regarding e-scooters. I would encourage parents to please ensure their children are following the guidelines correctly.

"My local teams are engaging with retailers that sell these machines, and they have advised us that they inform any purchasers that they cannot be used on a public road.

"Again, I ask that people do not ride these machines in public places and instead comply with the law for their own safety and the safety of others. We do not want an innocent person being seriously injured or worse."

For more information on using publicly owned e-scooters please read the Government legislation. Guidance on rented e-scooters used as part of a government trial is available here.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
