```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A trainee Special Constable has shared his experiences of the recruitment process through a series of candid video blogs (vlogs).
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2018
title: New Special Constabulary recruit shares his journey through series of video blogs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-special-constabulary-recruit-shares-his-journey-through-series-of-video-blogs-0498ALL
```

* ### Trainee Special Constable makes vlogs about his recruitment journey.

 * ### It's hoped it will inspire and help others going through the process of becoming a Special Constable.

 * ### To view the vlogs and to find out more about the role of a volunteer Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk/video-blog.php

A trainee Special Constable has shared his experiences of the recruitment process through a series of candid video blogs (vlogs).

Forty-eight year old Carl Powell, who runs his own business, applied to become a Special Constable in September 2017, after seeing a recruitment stand at a local garden centre. Throughout the key stages of his journey to become a Special, he has videoed himself talking about the highs and the lows, sharing his advice and tips to help others.

The vlogs will be shared over the coming weeks on the Special Constabulary recruitment website - click on 'A Candidate's Journey' and Hertfordshire Constabulary's social media accounts. It is hoped that Carl's vlogs will inspire others to take the same journey to become a Special Constable, and help them to understand what's involved in the recruitment process.

**Carl, who owns his own project management consultancy company providing professional services to the Media, Broadcast and IT Industry, will be dedicating 16 hours of his spare time per month to his Special Constable duties. He said:** " _From an early age I 've had a desire to become a Police Officer. At that time I wasn't tall enough so life took a different direction which provided me the opportunities within my career to have travelled and worked all over the world gaining vital life experience which has shaped me to become the person I am today. _

_" Within the last few years I've settled into married life with a family, I own and run my own company and believe that with the experience I have gained I want to give something back into the community that I live in. I believe that more than anything else I have a lot to offer and I believe that Hertfordshire Constabulary, as well as my community, can benefit from all of that."_

Carl will be joining 260 Special Constables in Hertfordshire who volunteer their time to make a difference in their community. Talking about juggling the role with his work and home-life, Carl added: " _Although owning my own company and being a father of two is a full time commitment, becoming a Special has always been something that I 've wanted to do. I'm sure there will be some challenges on my time but also have some flexibility which I believe will help also."_

Speaking about the reasons why he decided to vlog about his journey, he said: _" It's something that when asked I jumped at the opportunity. I wanted to give something back, I wanted to pour my thoughts, feelings, encouragement, heart, soul and mainly the support to anyone else who was in a similar position - hopefully this came across! I always wanted to convey that if someone like me could do this, then anyone could._

_" The recruitment process can be a tough journey, having been through it myself, I'd certainly volunteer my time to support anyone else throughout the process too which is what I tried to convey within the vlogs that I produced." _

Carl is currently completing the training he needs to become a Special. As he nears his first shift as a Special Constable Carl said: " _I 'm_ m _ainly excited. I 'm sure that the training will provide me the necessary skills which will grow with the experience that being on patrol will bring. I've always been confident in my own abilities and firmly believe that having such a solid practical experience in people management will help."_

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force. They play a vital role in helping keep communities safe and can get involved in a range of policing activities from high visibility patrols, to being called to assist at the scenes of incidents such as road traffic collisions, burglaries or assaults.

**Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said** : " _We 're very fortunate to have such a dedicated team of Special Constables in Hertfordshire and they bring a different and valuable perspective to our policing._

_" They often have specialist experience and expertise, like Carl, and the Constabulary can learn from them as well as provide officers with excellent training and skills development. It's a mutually beneficial arrangement and I would encourage anyone to have a look at the website and think about applying."_

There are also opportunities for Special Constables to work in more specialised areas such as the investigation of child sexual exploitation, domestic abuse and prisoner processing. Special Constables with specialist IT knowledge also work alongside police officers and staff who manage registered sex offenders.

Those with an interest or expertise in the countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. Special Constables are not paid but expenses are reimbursed. If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, or to apply, visit

_**The Special Constabulary recruitment team is holding an event on Wednesday, July 18 for anyone who is interested in finding out more about becoming a Special Constable.**_ _The event is taking place at Police Headquarters, Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, between 7pm and 9pm. To book a place at this eventvisit_

** **
