```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A second person has been arrested in connection with a burglary that is reported to have occurred in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2018
title: "Second person arrested in connection with burglary \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/second-person-arrested-in-connection-with-burglary-stalbans-2244F
```

* ### Police have arrested two men in connection with a burglary at a home in Watford Road, St Albans.

 * ### Offender(s) entered the property last month and stole jewellery and watches.

 * ### High visibility and covert patrols have been increased in the district following a recent increase in burglaries.

A second person has been arrested in connection with a burglary that is reported to have occurred in St Albans.

Between 9.50am on November 10 and 8.30pm on November 11 it is alleged that offender(s) gained access to a home in Watford Road and carried out an untidy search, stealing jewellery and watches.

A 26 year old man, of no fixed address, has been arrested on suspicion of burglary and remains in police custody at this time.

Another man - a 33 year old man from Watford - was arrested earlier this month in connection with the alleged burglary and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Alex Warwick from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "We have seen a recent increase in burglaries in the St Albans district and as a result have increased high visibility and covert patrols as part of our efforts to identify and arrest offenders.

"We're urging residents to review their home security and consider investing in alarms, CCTV and video doorbells.

"If you see anyone acting suspiciously in your neighbourhood please report it to police straight away by calling 101. If you believe a crime is in progress dial 999."
