```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of indecent exposure in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2021
title: Witness appeal following indecent exposure in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-hemel-hempstead-1064d
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a report of indecent exposure in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### The incident occurred on Tuesday 5 January around 7.45am on Waterhouse Street.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/954/21 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of indecent exposure in Hemel Hempstead.

At around 7.45am on Tuesday (5 January) a man was asked to leave a shop on Waterhouse Street. Once outside, he reportedly exposed himself and the police were called.

Police investigator Daryl Allwood said: "Our investigation is continuing at this time and, as part of this, we would like to hear from anyone who witnessed this incident, saw anyone acting suspiciously in the area at the time or has further information which could assist our enquiries.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at daryl.allwood@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/954/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

*A 20 year old man from Luton was arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
