```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An attempted murder investigation has been launched after a teenager was discovered with a gunshot wound in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2020
title: Attempted murder investigation launched following incident in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-murder-investigation-launched-following-incident-in-borehamwood-0466j
```

* ## An attempted murder investigation has been launched after a teenager was shot in Borehamwood.

 * ## The incident occurred around 10.30pm on Tuesday 4 August in the Cranes Way area.

 * ## Call 101 quoting reference 41/62014/20 if you can help with enquiries.

An attempted murder investigation has been launched after a teenager was discovered with a gunshot wound in Borehamwood.

Police were called to the Ripon Way/Manor Way/Cranes Way area of Borehamwood at 10.50pm on Tuesday 4 August to reports of a shooting.

Armed response officers and the East of England Ambulance Service attended and discovered a 16 year old boy with chest injuries. He was taken to hospital where he remains with serious injuries which are believed to be life-changing.

An extensive search of the area was carried out, with assistance from the dog unit and police helicopter, but the suspect remains outstanding at this time and detectives are appealing for witnesses and information.

A scene guard and road closures remain in place while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth said: "We are now treating this incident as attempted murder, with the investigation being led by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit.

"We are appealing for any witnesses or anyone who has information about what happened to contact us.

"Were you in the area around the time of the incident? Did you see something suspicious? Do you have CCTV of the area which caught something that could help with our enquiries? If so please get in touch."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference **41/62014/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. **

**
