```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a commercial burglary in Bovingdon during the early hours of today (Wednesday, November 14).
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2018
title: Commercial burglary in Bovingdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/commercial-burglary-in-bovingdon-2090d
```

* ### The incident occurred in the early hours of today.

 * ### Cash and cigarettes were stolen.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact the Dacorum Local Crime Unit.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a commercial burglary in Bovingdon during the early hours of today (Wednesday, November 14).

The incident occurred at Village Stores in the High Street, between 2.30am and 3.55am.

Offenders forced entry to the shop and took cash and a large quantity of cigarettes before making off.

It is believed they left the area in a vehicle.

Detective Constable Laurence Harwood, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "I appreciate the incident occurred in the early hours but, this may mean any suspicious activity or vehicles in the area would have stood out. I am appealing for anyone with information to please get in touch. Your call could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Dacorum Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/55937/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
