```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged and remanded in custody in relation to two offences in Watford.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: "Man charged and remanded in connection with burglary and attempt burglary \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-burglary-and-attempt-burglary-watford-0939c
```

* ## Lemuel Browne, aged 61, of Rickmansworth Road, Watford, has been charged with burglary and attempted burglary.

 * ## The charges relate to two incidents in Grosvenor Road, Watford, on Monday 30 November.

 * ## Browne has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Wednesday 2 December).

A man has been charged and remanded in custody in relation to two offences in Watford.

Lemuel Browne, aged 61, of Rickmansworth Road, Watford, has been charged with one count of burglary and one count of attempted burglary.

He has been remanded in custody ahead of his appearance at Hatfield Remand Court today (Wednesday 2 December).

The charges are in connection with two incidents that occurred in Grosvenor Road on the afternoon of Monday (30 November), where two separate addresses were broken into and a laptop was stolen from one.

Intervention officers attended and detained a man nearby following a phone call from a member of the public, who said they had seen someone acting suspiciously in the area. A suspected stolen laptop was recovered and will be returned to its rightful owner.

Detective Constable George Lewin, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "The credit for this swift result lays firmly with the intervention officers, whose quick and decisive response will reunite a victim of crime with their belongings. We will now wait as the case progresses."
