```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Matthew Brooks, aged 36, has been given a four-week jail term for breaching his Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: Man jailed for breaching his Criminal Behaviour Order
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-breaching-his-criminal-behaviour-order-1356f
```

Matthew Brooks, aged 36, has been given a four-week jail term for breaching his Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).

He was sentenced on Monday (22 March) at a virtual court for being intoxicated and in possession of alcohol within the Public Space Protection Order (PSPO) area of St Albans, contravening his two-year Criminal Behaviour Order issued in September last year.

The court heard that Brooks, of Cutmore Drive in Colney Heath, had attended Open Door night shelter on Sunday (21 March) in an intoxicated state and threatened staff at the premises.

"The conditions of his CBO were put in place to safeguard people from ongoing abusive behaviour fuelled by alcohol," explained Investigator Simran Chana from the St Albans Police Community Safety Unit. "As part of his court order, a plan was put in place to address his alcohol dependency. He was given lots of support from other agencies for his alcohol addiction. Sadly, these measures have been unsuccessful. He will be able to reflect on his actions in prison whilst we protect members of the public from his alcohol fuelled actions."

Under the CBO, Brooks must:

 1. Not to be intoxicated within the PSPO (Public Spaces Protection Order) area of St Albans.
 2. Not to be in possession of an open vessel of alcohol within the PSPO area of St Albans.
 3. Not to be rude or abusive or act in a disorderly or aggressive manner towards any person in Hertfordshire.
 4. Not to enter any premises or businesses whilst intoxicated or act in a disorderly or aggressive manner in St Albans.

You can follow the work of local officers on Facebook and Twitter **@StAlbansPolice** to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep the district a safe place to live, work and visit.

*You can use also our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local initiatives and campaigns. Visit community messaging platform echo at Harpenden echo (opens in a new window), London Colney echo (opens in a new window) or St Albans echo (opens in a new window).

Please note that echo should _not_ be used to report crime; this should continue to be reported via the usual methods.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window).
