```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Dacorum Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Partial Closure Order on an address in Hemel Hempstead under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2019
title: Partial Closure Order secured on flat in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/partial-closure-order-secured-on-flat-in-hemel-hempstead-2684d
```

Officers from the Dacorum Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Partial Closure Order on an address in Hemel Hempstead under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Iveagh Court - was investigated following complaints regarding suspected drug use and associated anti-social behaviour.

Police were granted a three month Partial Closure Order at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Thursday, February 28. It means that only the registered tenant, the property owners and the emergency services can enter the flat for a period of three months. Anyone who breaches this order could be arrested and further action taken.

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

1) that a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behavior on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) that there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises,

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with the property owner to gather evidence in support of the partial Closure Order. Where closure orders are granted the local authority/housing association can utilise specific legislation that allows them to seek full possession of the property.

Community Safety Sergeant Mike Saunders said **:** "The use and supply of drugs from an address can have a hugely negative impact on those living nearby due to the anti-social behaviour that invariably comes with this type of criminality.

"We hope that this Partial Closure Order will put a stop to this behaviour and improve living standards for those living nearby. We will continue to monitor the situation and take further action if necessary."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
