```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Volunteer Police Cadets assisted officers with a recent operation in Dacorum aimed at tackling knife crime.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2018
title: Test purchase operation in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/test-purchase-operation-in-dacorum-0527D
```

* ### Volunteer Police Cadets assisted with the operation.

 * ### The purpose was to test local stores on their awareness of the law, security measures and age verification schemes.

 * ### Further operations will be carried out in due course.

Volunteer Police Cadets assisted officers with a recent operation in Dacorum aimed at tackling knife crime.

The cadets, aged between 15 and 17, visited 13 stores across the borough that offer knives for sale, to conduct a test purchase operation.

Sergeant Mike Saunders, from the Dacorum Community Safety Unit, said: "The purpose of the operation was to test local stores on their awareness of the law, their security measures and their own age verification schemes.

"While we were pleased to see that some of stores refused sales to our cadets for not having any identification, a number of them did unfortunately allow purchases to be made and have been given strong words of advice."

All of the information gathered throughout the day has been passed to Trading Standards for reference.

Sgt Saunders continued: "We are committed to doing everything we can to tackle knife crime. If you carry a knife you are not only putting other peoples' lives at risk but also your own. We will be carrying out further operations in due course."

It is an offence for any person to sell to a person under 18, any knife, knife blade or razor blade, any axe, any other article that has a blade or is sharply pointed and is made or adapted for use for causing injury to the person. The prohibition does not apply to folding pocket knives if the cutting edge of the blade is less than 7.62 cm (three inches) or replacement cartridges for safety razors, where less than 2mm of the blade is exposed.
