```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Letchworth are appealing for witnesses and information after an attempted phone snatch.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2019
title: Attempted robbery in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-letchworth-2729g
```

* ### Attempted mobile phone robbery in Parkfield.

 * ### Youth on bike attempts ride-by snatch.

 * ### Victim and his dog chase after offender.

Detectives in Letchworth are appealing for witnesses and information after an attempted phone snatch.

On Monday March 11, at around 7.20pm, a 31 year old man was walking along Parkfield in Letchworth with his dog when a teenage boy rode past on a bicycle from the opposite direction and tried to take his mobile phone out of his hand.

The offender missed the phone but managed to grab the victim's arm causing him to fall to the ground. Despite this the victim managed to chase after the offender and take hold of him causing the boy to fall off his bike. The boy then managed to get back on his bike and pedal off.

The offender is described as a white male aged around 13-16 years. He was wearing a Nike tracksuit with the hood up and was riding a khaki mountain bike with front suspension.

Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Will Ainsworth said: "We are very keen to trace this youth. I am hoping that someone was in the area at the time and saw the altercation. The victim's dog was off the lead and ran after the victim as he was pursuing the offender, so there would have been quite a scene.

"If you have any information which could help our investigation please contact me as soon as possible on 101 quoting crime reference number 41/23024/19.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."
