```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three Rivers has seen a 20.4 per cent reduction in the number of residential burglary offences as a result of proactive work by police.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2019
title: Reduction in residential burglary offences across Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/reduction-in-residential-burglary-offences-across-three-rivers-0123
```

* ### There were 63 fewer burglaries recorded in Three Rivers between April last year and March this year

 * ### This is thanks to proactive police work, including improve cross-border working with neighbouring police forces

 * ### Det Insp Mike Hanson is 'not complacent' and says there are more proactive operations planned for the next 12 months

Three Rivers has seen a 20.4 per cent reduction in the number of residential burglary offences as a result of proactive work by police.

Between April 2018 and March this year, the force has recorded 63 fewer residential burglaries across the district at 246 compared with the previous year's figure of 309.

Detective Inspector Mike Hanson, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "There are many reasons for this reduction, however I believe one of the key factors is the improved collaboration with our colleagues in neighbouring forces to tackle cross-border criminality. This stops offenders coming into Hertfordshire to commit crime and has resulted in a number of significant arrests.

"Another element is the use of the Neighbourhood Watch messaging service, which keeps the public informed about what is going on in their local area. Three Rivers has the highest number of people signed up to the service compared to other areas in the county. It is a great platform on which to share crime prevention advice and warnings around crime trends in certain areas.

"As part of the Safer Streets scheme, officers have been making proactive visits to residents in order to advise them on how to improve home security. We need residents to help us by ensuring they are doing all they can to keep their properties secure.

"I am pleased with this reduction, but I am not complacent. One burglary is one too many and my team is always working hard to drive down the number of offences. Further targeted operations are planned for the next 12 months and these will make it more difficult for offenders to commit crime in our county."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime-prevention advice:

 * **Ensure doors are double locked at all times and that PVCu doors are locked fully by using the key. Keep windows closed and locked.**
 * **Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights to make it look like someone is at home.**
 * **Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.**
 * **High value items should be kept in a good quality safe, secured to a wall or floor.**
 * **Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.**
 * **Join Hertfordshire 's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: **www.owl.co.uk ** **
 * **Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.**
