```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault (crime reference C1/17/5214) and possession of an offensive weapon (crime reference C1/17/5218) in Watford.
publish:
  date: 6 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following alleged common assault and possession of an offensive weapon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-common-assault-and-possession-of-an-offensive-weapon
```

* ### Police issue appeal after alleged assault and possession of an offensive weapon.

 * ### Alleged offences occurred on Wednesday, September 20th.

 * ### 16 year old boy reportedly verbally abused by the offender.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault (crime reference C1/17/5214) and possession of an offensive weapon (crime reference C1/17/5218) in Watford.

The alleged offences, which are linked, occurred between approximately 10.30am and 11.10am on Wednesday, September 20, on board the upper deck of the 142 Arriva bus travelling to Watford Junction. During the incident, a 16 year old boy was reportedly verbally abused by the offender before being the subject of an unprovoked attack. The offender is said to have held a sharp object to the victim's throat and threatened him. The victim did not sustain any physical injuries.

PC Alexander Akers, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident on the top deck of the bus and anyone who assisted the victim when he moved to the bottom deck to please get in touch. You may have vital information that could help with our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Akers via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number **101** , quoting the relevant crime reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

• Chad Howard Nymn, aged 38, of Carlisle Road, London, has been charged with common assault, possession of an offensive weapon (bottle opener) and possession of a bladed article (scissors). He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on October 20, 2017.
