```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives in East Herts are appealing for witnesses and information after a car was forcibly taken late last night (Wednesday March 21) in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2018
title: "Police appeal following robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-appeal-following-robbery-in-BishopsStortford-1827A
```

* ### Black Ford Fiesta stolen.

 * ### Offenders threatened owner with a hammer.

 * ### Black 4x4 BMW linked to the offence.

Detectives in East Herts are appealing for witnesses and information after a car was forcibly taken late last night (Tuesday March 20) in Bishop's Stortford.

At around 11.25pm a woman was awoken to the sound of her car alarm going off outside her house in Cavell Drive. Accompanied by her father she made her way outside and saw a man in her car - a black Ford Fiesta and another 4x4 car - possibly a black BMW X5, parked nearby.

As the father tried to get in her car a man got out of the 4x4 and threatened the woman with a hammer. The father and daughter retreated back to their house and the man then threw the hammer at them and both cars were driven off.

Detective Constable Chris Golding said: "This was a very frightening experience for the family, but luckily no one was hurt.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the robbery or saw a black 4x4, possibly a BMW X5, in the road or in the area around this time. The Fiesta was recovered in Essex a short while later, but we would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen this car being driven in the area after 11.30pm.

"Although incidents like this one are unusual in East Herts I would advise against challenging offenders in situations like these. Personal safety must come first and we would rather you record as much information as you can about the incident, than put yourself in danger trying to stop it."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact DC Chris Golding on 101 quoting crime reference number A2/18/501 or you can report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
