```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV photos of two people who might be able to help with their enquiries following a distraction burglary in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: CCTV appeal following a distraction burglary in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-a-distraction-burglary-in-Harpenden-1853MD
```

Officers have released CCTV photos of two people who might be able to help with their enquiries following a distraction burglary in Harpenden.

The incident happened at an address off of Wheathampstead Road on Friday, September 14.

Between 1pm and 2.30pm, two men knocked at the victim's door and said that they were owed money from gardening work they had competed at the address previously. As the victim went to get money, one of the offenders followed her inside and took her purse. Both men then left in a white van.

PC Ben McGregor, who is investigating, said: "We believe that those pictured were in the area at the time of the incident and they could have vital information that will help the investigation.

"If you recognise them, or have other information that could help, please contact me on the non-emergency number 101 or email me at ben.mcgregor@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference 41/36909/18.

"If you receive a knock at the door and haven't already pre-arranged an appointment, our advice would be not to open the door. If you are expecting someone, it's a good idea to agree a password, which can be given on arrival, to help verify if a caller is genuine. Always ask for identification and if you have any doubts, contact the company in question to be sure a caller is who they say they are before you let them in."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
