```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a racially aggravated assault in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-hatfield-0222
```

* ### We're investigating a report of a racially aggravated assault in Hatfield.

 * ### lt happened on the Alban Way on Monday 8 June.

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/44688/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a racially aggravated assault in Hatfield.

The incident took place on the Alban Way near Ellenbrook Lane and Nast Hyde Halt on Monday 8 June just before 9pm.

Two cyclists were involved in an altercation. It was reported that one pushed the other and offensive language was used.

Officers have spoken with one cyclist and are looking to trace the other.

He is described as being a white British male, aged 45-50 years old, of thin athletic build, 5ft 10ins tall and thin faced with a deep tan.

He was riding a thin wheeled road racing bike in purple, black and white. He was wearing black cycling lycra a cycling helmet that had two purple tubed mounted cameras on top. He was carrying a white shopping bag with black writing on.

PC Gav Richardson said: "Did you witness this incident? Does the description of the second cyclist sound familiar? If so I'd like to hear from you.

"I can be contacted directly via email at gavin.richardson@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/44688/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
