```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "That\u2019s the message from the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood teams (SNTs) who have seen an increase in the number of thefts of motorbikes and mopeds in Borehamwood and Bushey in recent weeks."
publish:
  date: 10 May 2018
title: Lock, chain and cover
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/lock-chain-and-cover-0192J
```

* ### Motorbike and moped thefts have increased in Borehamwood and Bushey.

 * ### Preferably use at least two security devices, for example a chain and disc lock or a chain and handle bar lock.

 * ### The first motorbike and moped crime prevention event is on Saturday May 19 from 12.30pm.

That's the message from the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood teams (SNTs) who have seen an increase in the number of thefts of motorbikes and mopeds in Borehamwood and Bushey in recent weeks.

"Most of the thefts have been in Borehamwood and they have predominately been motorbikes and mopeds left insecure or with limited security," said Bushey Neighbourhood Sergeant Tom Prior, who is leading on the security initiative. "The problem has come into Hertsmere from London, where similar thefts have been occurring."

Police are taking action with arrests being made recently. However, they are also encouraging members of the public to protect themselves from criminals who target their vehicles.

He said: "We want to raise awareness amongst motorbike and moped riders to make sure they properly secure their vehicles, preferably using at least two security devices, for example a chain and disc lock or a chain and handle bar lock."

To help promote the crime prevention campaign, the SNT has been working with the Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership (CSP) and Herts Motorcycles to help prevent further thefts. A series of events will be held over coming weeks to offer bike security advice and bike owners are invited to attend.

The first event will be held on **Saturday May 19 from 12.30pm until 2.30pm in Shenley Road**. Further events will be held on Saturdays in Leeming Road on May 26; Manor Way on June 2, Organ Hall Road on June 9 in Borehamwood and the old Bushey Golf and Country Club car park in High Street in Bushey on June 16.

He said: "This is an emerging issue and I cannot stress the importance of securing your motorbike or moped enough. We have been lent a moped by Herts Motorcycles to help us in highlighting the advised security requirements to try and reduce these thefts. I would encourage all bike owners to come and have a look and discuss their concerns with us."

The team has been sharing a video that the Metropolitan Police Service has created to highlight the problem:

They are sending out top tips to equip riders with easy crime prevention advice on social media in the run up to the first event. They advise:

 * **Use a disc lock or a D lock to stop thieves from physically wheeling your scooter away.**

 * Lock your back wheel to street furniture or thread the chain through the wheel frame.

 * Thieves look to steal specific models. Use a cover to make your less visible.

 * Just locking the front wheel won't stop thieves, they can easily steal the rest of the bike.

 * Thieves can easily break a lock left on the floor with an angle grinder or hammer.

Sgt Prior said: "We hope our campaign will make people think twice about properly securing their bike before leaving it unattended, and as a result decrease the number of thefts. Time and time again, we hear frustrated victims of thefts who have been greatly inconvenienced by the theft of their wheels. Please also let us know if you see anyone acting suspiciously around motorbikes or mopeds by calling 999 if you suspect a crime is in progress - or 101 if you are calling retrospectively. Together, we can help make thieves unwelcome in Hertsmere."

He added: "Remember, lock, chain and cover your scooter to make it less visible to thieves. Adding extra security makes it harder to steal."

For further crime prevention advice, log on here.

Two people were arrested (a 21-year-old man from Edmonton and a 23-year-old man from Barnet) on suspicion of attempted theft of a motorbike, having no insurance, failing to stop after a road traffic collision and dangerous driving on April 17 in Borehamwood.
