```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men have been sentenced to more than 39 years in prison after being found guilty of drug related offences.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2019
title: Four jailed after investigation into St Albans drug ring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-jailed-after-investigation-into-st-albans-drug-ring-1034
```

* ### Four members of a drug gang jailed for a total of 39 years

 * ### The gang supplied drugs in St Albans and across the county

Four men have been sentenced to a total of more than 39 years in prison after being found guilty of drug related offences.

The men all formed part of an organised crime group (OCG) supplying cocaine to areas across Hertfordshire, particularly St Albans and also to surrounding counties. Following a lengthy and complex investigation the OCG was completely dismantled.

The four men appeared at Harrow Crown Court on Monday 18 November, having already been found guilty of conspiracy to supply class A drugs, and received the following sentences:

 * Jason Robinson, 35, of Orchard Crescent, Stevenage, was sentenced to 12 years
 * Dean Dias, 34, of Harrow Way, Watford, was sentenced to 10 years 4 months
 * William Roberts, 31, of Springfield Gardens, Woodford Green, was sentenced to 9 years
 * Kieran Kenna, 36, of Sheepfold Lane, Amersham, was sentenced to 8 years 6 months

The investigation was conducted by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit as part of Operation Relentless, Hertfordshire's response to organised crime.

Another member of the group, Ashley Haw, 31, of Roundwood Road, Amersham, Buckinghamshire, is due in court for sentencing on 16 December, after pleading guilty to drug supply offences.

Detective Chief Inspector Tracy Pemberton, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Command, said: "These convictions are the result of a long term investigation into one of the major drug supply networks across Hertfordshire. We have managed to totally dismantle this organised crime group, which has been involved not only in drug dealing but also violent crime. Its members posed a great threat to the community.

"Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

Suspected drug crime can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you or someone you know has a drugs problem they can get help by contacting FRANK on 0800 77 66 00 or visit www.talktofrank.com.

Dean Dias.

Kieran Kenna.

Williams Roberts (aka Appleton).
