```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of 18 year old Jordan Carter, who was murdered in Berkhamsted, on Friday night have paid tribute to him.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2018
title: Tribute to Jordan Carter - Berkhamsted
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Tribute-to-Jordan-Carter-Berkhamsted-1709
```

* ### Family pay tribute to 18 year old Jordan Carter.

 * ### The teenager was murdered in Berkhamsted on Friday night.

 * ### His family described him as a joker with a great sense of humour and a heart of gold.

 * ### Three teenagers - two 14 year old boys from Watford and a 16 year old girl from Hemel Hempstead - have been charged with joint enterprise murder.

The family of 18 year old Jordan Carter, who was murdered in Berkhamsted, on Friday night have paid tribute to him.

Jordan lived with his mother Nicola in Berkhamsted and two younger brothers - 13 year old Leon and 17 year old Connor.

Mum Nicola said: "Jordan was a joker and would always have us laughing with the things he said. He had a great sense of humour.

"He loved his music and was a loving, kind hearted and family orientated boy."

Jordan's father Ian, who lives in Hemel Hempstead, added: "Jordan had a heart of gold and was very loyal to his family.

"He teased his younger brothers a lot but was also really good to them. He was always good with younger children and I always thought that he would be a wonderful father one day in the future."

Jordan's family is being supported by specialist officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit and have asked that the media respect their privacy at this time.

Police were called by the ambulance service to Westfield Road in Berkhamsted at 10.17pm on Friday to reports of a man suffering a serious leg injury. Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Jordan was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later.

Three teenagers - two 14 year old boys from Watford and a 16 year old girl from Hemel Hempstead - have been charged with joint enterprise murder. They appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Tuesday) and have been remanded in custody. They are due to appear at Luton Crown Court on Thursday (March 1).

Anyone with information that could help the on-going police investigation is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Centas, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Jordan Carter
