```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2019
title: Appeal following alleged assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-stalbans-2762f
```

* ### A woman was allegedly assaulted by a man in the Blacksmith Arms pub in St Peter's Street on Sunday, March 17.

 * ### A verbal altercation is reported to have then ensued between the suspect and another man.

 * ### Anyone who can help should contact PC Aaron Golley via 101 or through email at aaron.golley@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in St Albans.

The incident is reported to have happened on Sunday, March 17, in the Blacksmith Arms pub in St Peter's Street.

At around 9pm, a woman in her fifties was allegedly assaulted by a man known to her. A verbal altercation is reported to have then ensued between the suspect and another man.

Detective Constable Aaron Golley, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened to get in touch so we can get a fuller picture of what occurred.

"If you can help, please get in contact on the non-emergency number 101 or through email, quoting crime reference 41/25066/19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 53 year old man from Hemel Hempstead has been arrested on suspicion of assault. He has been released on bail until Wednesday, April 3.
