```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Primary school children in Watford have been commended by local police officers for their work to raise awareness of cyberbullying.
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2018
title: Watford school children awarded for anti-cyberbullying project
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/school-children-awarded-for-anti-cyberbullying-project-1593
```

* ### Fourteen members of the school council at Laurance Haines Primary were presented with certificates.

 * ### They were inspired to create a leaflet around cyberbullying after a talk from their PCSO.

 * ### The leaflet was launched during a special assembly.

Primary school children in Watford have been commended by local police officers for their work to raise awareness of cyberbullying.

Fourteen members of the school council at Laurance Haines Primary and Nursery School were inspired to create a leaflet on subject for their peers, after receiving a talk from PCSO Sarah Thomas at the end of last term.

The leaflet, which will be sent to every pupil in the school, was officially launched during an assembly on Thursday, February 8 where the children were also presented with certificates by PCSO Thomas and Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Mason.

PCSO Thomas said: "I feel very proud that the school has taken this project on following my talk. The pupils have been so enthusiastic and the final leaflet looks fantastic which is why we wanted to commend them for their hard work. I hope this will help pupils to use the internet safely and responsibly going forward."

Children at Laurance Haines Primary School receive their certificates
