```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has pleaded guilty to 17 offences in connection with thefts from motor vehicles in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 15 Apr 2019
title: A man has pleaded guilty to 17 offences in connection with thefts from motor vehicles in Hemel Hempstead.
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/A-man-has-pleaded-guilty-to-17-offences-in-connection-with-thefts-from-motor-vehicles-in-Hemel-Hempstead-0090
```

* ### A man has pleaded guilty to 17 charges in connection with thefts from motor vehicles.

 * ### Stephen Parsons was arrested after a member of the public spotted a man trying the door handles of parked vehicles in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### He will be sentenced at Luton Crown Court on May 10.

A man has pleaded guilty to 17 offences in connection with thefts from motor vehicles in Hemel Hempstead.

Officers received a call from a member of the public reporting suspicious activity in Rant Meadow where a man was seen trying the door handles of parked vehicles in the early hours of Sunday (April 14).

Stephen Parsons, aged 45, of no fixed address, was subsequently arrested.

He was charged with the following offences:

 * Three counts of vehicle interference on March 23 in Oliver Road and in Rant Meadow on April 14 (x2).
 * Two counts of theft from motor vehicle on December 30, 2018, in Chambersbury Lane and in Long John on April 14.
 * 12 counts of fraud by false representation, which relate to the use of a bank card stolen from a vehicle in Chambersbury Lane and subsequently used in 12 contactless payments.

Parsons appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Monday, April 15) where he pleaded guilty to all offences. He has been released on bail and will appear at Luton Crown Court for sentencing on May 10.
