```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who carried out a vicious attack on two female paramedics who were trying to help him was sentenced yesterday (Tuesday 24 September) at St Albans Crown Court.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2019
title: Man sentenced following attack on paramedics in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-following-attack-on-paramedics-in-hitchin-0816g
```

* ## Man who attacked paramedics trying to help him is sentenced.

 * ## John Murphy assaulted the two women after they were called by security staff from a local pub who were concerned about his welfare.

 * ## The attack only stopped when members of the public came to the paramedics aid and police arrived.

A man who carried out a vicious attack on two female paramedics who were trying to help him was sentenced yesterday (Tuesday 24 September) at St Albans Crown Court.

Jon Murphy, aged 47, from Hammersmith in London was sentenced to ten months for assault causing ABH injuries and six months for assaulting an emergency worker. These sentences will run concurrently. Murphy pleaded guilty to both offences at his first hearing at Stevenage Magistrates Court on 27 July 2019.

The attacks happened on 16 June 2019 after a member of security staff at The Snug public house in Hitchin called the ambulance service for Murphy, who had been ejected from the pub and was losing consciousness outside. Murphy was taken into the ambulance for assessment and immediately became aggressive, verbally abusing the paramedics. When they tried to remove his phone he then became physically aggressive and attacked them.

The violence only stopped when members of the public, who had heard the women's cries for help, managed to detain Murphy in the ambulance and police officers arrived to arrest him.

Commenting on the case, Investigating Officer DC Richard Rob said: "It is outrageous that emergency service workers should be subjected to this kind of attack when their only motivation is to help and assist.

"Jon Murphy claims to have no memory of his actions that night and has shown genuine remorse. However this kind of behaviour cannot be allowed to go unpunished and it is right that he should receive a custodial sentence. I hope this sends a clear message that any kind of attacks on emergency service staff will not be tolerated."
