```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating several incidents of alleged malicious communications involving schools in Watford are appealing for information as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 23 Apr 2019
title: Appeal for information following malicious communications in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-malicious-communications-in-watford-0117
```

* ### Police are appealing for information after malicious letters containing threats were allegedly sent to three schools in Watford

 * ### It happened on April 16 and the Watford Local Crime Unit launched an investigation to trace the source of the letters

 * ### If you have any information about the letters, please contact Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan in Watford LCU

Detectives investigating several incidents of alleged malicious communications involving schools in Watford are appealing for information as part of their enquiries.

On Tuesday, April 16, malicious letters containing threats were allegedly sent to Watford Grammar School for Girls, Bromet Primary School and Ascot Road Community Free School.

Officers from the Local Crime Unit launched an investigation and liaised with the schools involved as well as appropriate partners as part of their early enquiries.

The schools affected are working closely with the police and have activated their safeguarding procedures to ensure the protection of their students. Parents and guardians have been contacted and made fully aware of the situation.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "In the past week we have followed several lines of enquiry and so far, there is no evidence to suggest that the threats contained within the letters are legitimate.

"However public safety is of paramount importance and we take these types of incidents extremely seriously. We are continuing our work to determine the source of these letters in order to deal with the offender(s) in a robust manner.

"Students, parents and the local community will see increased police presence around the three schools in question as a reassurance measure. We understand that some people may find this unsettling however if you have any concerns then please do not hesitate to approach an officer."

Anyone with information should contact Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan in the Watford Local Crime Unit by calling 01923 472961 or emailing _jason.finnegan@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/34503/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * A 38-year-old man from St Albans has been arrested in connection with the investigation and released under investigation while enquiries continue.
