```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision in Tewin are appealing for witnesses, information and dashcam footage.
publish:
  date: 31 Mar 2021
title: Did you witness serious collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-serious-collision-1375b
```

* ## Witnesses are being sought following a serious collision on the B1000 Hertford Road, Tewin.

 * ## It took place on Monday (29 March) around 7pm.

 * ## Please call 101 quoting ISR 667 of 29 March if you can help.

Officers investigating a serious collision in Tewin are appealing for witnesses, information and dashcam footage.

The incident happened at around 7pm on Monday (29 March) when a cyclist and a white Ford Transit van were in collision on the B1000 Hertford Road between the Herns Lane and Money Hole Lane turnings.

The cyclist, a man in his late teens, suffered serious injuries and remains in hospital at this time.

The driver of the Ford Transit, a man in his 20s, was uninjured. He remained at the scene following the collision.

Sergeant James Thorne, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed this incident, and has not already spoken with police, to come forward.

"Additionally, if you have dashcam which captured any relevant footage from the area around the time of the incident I would like to hear from you.

"If you have any information which you believe may be helpful to our investigation, please get in touch.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly, email Sergeant James Thorne."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **ISR 667 of 29 March**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
