```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision in Stevenage yesterday morning (Wednesday 15 January).
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following serious collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-stevenage-1289
```

* ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision in Stevenage.

 * ### On Wednesday 15 January, at around 7.10am, a pedestrian was involved in a collision with a silver Ford Fiesta.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses, information, and dash cam footage.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision in Stevenage on Wednesday morning (15 January).

At around 7.10am, a pedestrian was involved in a collision with a silver Ford Fiesta in Broadwater Crescent.

The pedestrian, a woman in her 80s, sustained serious injuries and was taken to Addenbrookes hospital, where she remains in a critical condition.

Sergeant Tom Daly, who is investigating, said: "This occurred at a very busy time in the morning, and we believe a fair amount of people would have witnessed the incident, or driven past the scene soon after. If you did witness the incident and haven't spoken to us yet, please get in contact as a matter of urgency.

"Also, if you were in the area that morning around the time specified, and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review your footage as soon as possible and send us anything that you think could assist with our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sergeant Daly directly via email at Tom.Daly@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting **Op Shalgram**. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
