```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to eight years in prison after a shotgun, ammunition and Class A drugs were found at his home.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2019
title: "Man jailed after pleading guilty to firearms and drugs offences \u2013 Harpenden"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-after-pleading-guilty-to-firearms-and-drugs-offences-harpenden-0045f
```

* ### Callum Lidder, aged 22, of Holly Lane, Harpenden, was sentenced to 8 years in prison on Friday, April 5.

 * ### He pleaded guilty to Possession of a firearm, possession of ammunition and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

 * ### Officers executed a warrant at his home address last year and discovered a shotgun, ammunition and a large package of cocaine.

A man has been sentenced to eight years in prison after a shotgun, ammunition and Class A drugs were found at his home.

Callum Lidder, aged 22, of Holly Lane, Harpenden, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Friday, April 5 after pleading guilty to:

 * Possession of a firearm
 * Possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate
 * Possession with intent to supply Class A drugs (cocaine)

On Monday May 21, 2018, police executed a firearms warrant at Lidder's home in Holly Lane after they received intelligence to suggest he was in possession of a gun.

Searches were carried out on Lidder's hire car, an Audi, which was parked outside of the house. A black holdall containing a sawn off shotgun and five cartridges was found in the boot.

Officers searched his bedroom and found a large package hidden inside a drum kit, which was later found to be cocaine with a street value of up to £100,000.

Lidder, who had become involved in an organised crime group, was arrested later the same day after being tracked down in a vehicle travelling on the M1.

Detective Constable Barry Townson, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "If we receive intelligence to suggest someone is in possession of a weapon, then we will take action.

"Thanks to the information we received, another gun and more illegal drugs were removed from the streets of Hertfordshire. If you have information about criminal activity in your area, please don't hesitate to contact us. We will listen and we will do our best to make your community safer."

You can contact police by reporting information online, speaking to an operator via online web chat or by calling 101.

Alternatively if you don't want to speak directly to police you can speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website
