```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A free tool marking event is to take place in Tring to help people keep their belongings more secure.
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2018
title: Tool marking event in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tool-marking-event-in-tring-2173D
```

* ### Officers will be marking tools at the police station on Saturday.

 * ### The police museum will be open to members of the public.

 * ### Officers will also be giving out crime prevention advice.

A free tool marking event is to take place in Tring to help people keep their belongings more secure.

Officers will be marking tools at the police station, in the High Street, between 11am and 3pm on Saturday, December 8.

Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves as they are then harder to sell on. It also makes it easier to return items if they are ever lost or stolen and later recovered by police.

PCSO William Liddell, from the Berkhamsted and Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The theft of tools can have a huge impact on people's livelihoods so we want to do all we can to help them keep their valuables more secure. The event is primarily aimed at tradespeople but anyone is welcome. It only takes a few minutes and there is no need to make an appointment, just pop along on the day."

Officers will also be giving out crime prevention advice on a range of topics and representatives from Neighbourhood Watch will be in attendance. The mini museum, housed inside the police station, will also be opened up to members of the public.

The tool marking scheme was launched in Dacorum in January 2017 and has seen officers engrave hundreds of tools, working with local businesses and organisations to promote the service.
