```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A builder who held two woman hotel workers at knifepoint and sexually assaulted them has been jailed for at least 16-and-a-half years.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Hotel rapist jailed for more than 16 years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hotel-rapist-jailed-for-more-than-16years-1607ALL
```

* ### Man who sexually assaulted two hotel workers has been jailed for at least 16-and-a-half years.

 * ### David Murray, 35, was staying at the hotel with work colleagues in South Hertfordshire when he took a knife from the kitchen and threatened the women.

 * ### He sexually assaulted the women and raped one of them in the early hours of Sunday, September 17.

 * ### The investigating officer has recognised the bravery of the victims throughout the criminal process.

A builder who held two woman hotel workers at knifepoint and sexually assaulted them has been jailed for at least 16-and-a-half years.

David Murray, aged 35, of Carrick Court, Falmouth Road, Leicester, was staying at a hotel in South Hertfordshire with work colleagues when, in the early hours of Sunday, September 17, he took a knife from the hotel kitchen and ran into the office.

He told one of the women to open the safe but she did not have the keys.

Murray then made the women remove their clothes before sexually assaulting them both and also raping one of them.

He only left when one of the terrified workers said that the hotel manager would be arriving soon.

Murray pleaded guilty at St Albans Crown Court on October 20, 2017, to aggravated burglary, two counts of rape, two counts of false imprisonment, causing a person to engage in sexual activity, attempted rape and sexual assault.

He appeared for sentencing at the same court on Thursday, February 8 where the judge ordered that he must serve 16-and-a-half years in prison with an extended licence of eight years. This means he could be recalled to prison on his release at any time during the next 24-and-a-half years. He must also register as a sex offender for life.

PC Katie Hull, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team, said: "The significant sentence given to Murray reflects the horrendous crimes he carried out at the hotel on September 17.

"The victims in this case have been incredibly brave throughout the criminal process and, today, they continue to live with the trauma caused by Murray's actions. I hope that this substantial sentence will help them as they continue come to terms with what happened to them on that dreadful day."

 * _Any resident in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual assault can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. Herts SARC is an independent service, to contact them call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net orvisit._

David Murray, aged 35
