```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men have been arrested in connection with thefts from vehicles across the county.
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2019
title: Four people arrested in connection with thefts from vehicles
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Four-people-arrested-in-connection-with-thefts-from-vehicles-2512
```

Four men have been arrested in connection with thefts from vehicles across the county.

They were arrested last Friday (February 1) on suspicion of theft from motor vehicles and conspiracy to steal.

The arrests relate to a number of thefts from vehicles where items including tools were taken in Tring, Marsworth, Berkhamsted, Kings Langley, Flamstead, Markyate and Redbourn.

An 18 year old man from Leighton Buzzard, a 19 year old man from Dunstable, a 20 year old man from Caddington and a 20 year old man from Little Billington have all been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Sergeant Michael West said: "I would like to stress to motorists and especially tradespeople of the importance of security marking their tools and valuables.

"This acts as a deterrent to thieves as it makes them harder to sell on and, if they are stolen and subsequently recovered by us, we can easily identify the rightful owner and return them.

"Ideally please remove tools from your vehicle when leaving it overnight. If this is not possible we advise people to fit a tool safe and fix additional locks to their vehicle.

"All motorists should ensure they remove all valuables from their vehicle before leaving it -even something as insignificant as loose change can be appealing to opportunist thieves. Please also double check that your vehicle is actually locked and secured.

"There is further crime prevention advice on our website under the 'Advice' section at www.herts.police.uk.

"At this stage of the investigation we have not recovered any suspected stolen property. Our enquiries are on-going and we are working with neighbouring forces - Thames Valley Police and Bedfordshire Police regarding reports of similar offences."

**Free tool marking event in Tring:**

A free tool marking event is being held at Tring Police Station on Saturday, February 23 from 11am to 2pm.

Motorists will also be able to get tamper-proof number plate screws fitted (provided the vehicle's number plates are already secured by screws) and receive crime prevention advice.

If you would like to come along please confirm your attendance on the Dacorum Facebook page event entitled 'Crime Prevention Event - Tool Engraving/Number Plate Screws'. If you don't have access to Facebook just come along on the day.

If you are unable to attend but would like to arrange for your tools to be engraved or you have a large amount of tools that need engraving please email the Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team at _RSNTBerkhamstedandTring@herts.pnn.police.uk_ so that an alternative date and time can be arranged.

There will be a limited amount of parking available at the police station.
