```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A Stevenage pensioner was close to sending \xA315,000 of his life savings to a convincing con artist pretending to be from his bank \u2013 but thought twice after seeing an email message from Neighbourhood Watch warning him about the scam."
publish:
  date: 24 May 2018
title: Neighbourhood Watch prevented man being scammed in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/neighbourhood-watch-prevented-man-being-scammed-in-stevenage-0258E
```

* ### A Stevenage pensioner thought twice after being approached by convincing con artist.

 * ### The pensioner was so pleased with Neighbourhood Watch, he came into the station to thank officers.

 * ### Join Neighbourhood Watch via www.owl.co.uk to receive emails about scams and crimes in your local area.

A Stevenage pensioner was close to sending £15,000 of his life savings to a convincing con artist pretending to be from his bank - but thought twice after seeing an email message from Neighbourhood Watch warning him about the scam.

The man was so impressed with Neighbourhood watch, who regularly send email updates about local crimes, advice about scams and information about police events to local residents, that he came into Stevenage police station to thank officers personally.

"It's very easy to fall victim to these types of scams," said Watch Liaison Officer Verity Soued. "The fraudsters are very convincing and they prey on vulnerable and elderly members of our communities.

"Luckily, in this case, the man had recently seen the message warning residents about the telephone scam where fraudsters pretend to be from your bank and tell you that your account details have been compromised. Realising he was being conned, he put the phone down and contacted police."

She added: "Neighbourhood Watch is all about alerting, informing and advising residents as well as asking for their help in tracing missing people or letting us know information about crime, especially burglaries and vehicle crime in their local area."

It's simple to join up, just register at OWL or speak to your local PCSO to receive emails about crime in your local area.
