```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Six people have been arrested following a drugs warrant in Hatfield yesterday (Wednesday, March 27) and the property has now been made the subject of a closure order.
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2019
title: Six arrested following drugs warrant in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Six-arrested-following-drugs-warrant-in-Hatfield-2820MD
```

Six people have been arrested following a drugs warrant in Hatfield yesterday (Wednesday, March 27) and the property has now been made the subject of a closure order.

The warrant was executed at a flat in Clarkson Court by officers from the Operation Scorpion Team. Operation Scorpion officers work in a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime - such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences - by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.

The team were also assisted by officers from the armed policing unit.

The following people were arrested:

 * A 33 year old woman from Hatfield has been arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a firearm (a Taser) and permitting a premises to be used for supplying drugs.
 * A 20 year old man of no fixed abode has been arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply and possession of a firearm (a Taser).
 * A 17 year old boy from Hatfield has been arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply and possession of a firearm (a Taser).
 * A 23 year old man from Welwyn Garden City has been arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply and possession of a firearm (a Taser).

They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The following people have since been charged:

 * Akim Fashanu, age 20 of Langham Road, Edgware, has been charged with possession of a class B drug (cannabis). He has been bailed and will appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Friday, May 10.
 * A 17 year old boy from Edgware has been charged with possession of a class B drug with intent to supply. He has been bailed and will appear at St Albans Youth Court on Wednesday, April 10.

Detective Sergeant Christopher Ross, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "The warrant was carried out in response to concerns from residents about suspected drug use in the Parkhouse Court area. The Safer Neighbourhood Team had been conducting high-visibility patrols in the area and we were able to obtain a warrant to take further action.

"Yesterday, our officers seized over a hundred wraps of drugs, suspected to be both heroin and crack cocaine.

"A closure order has now been secured on the property under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. This means that no one can enter the flat for three months and if they do breach the order, they can be arrested."

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Tannis Perks added: "I hope that these arrests send out a clear message to residents that we will not tolerate drug crime in Welwyn Hatfield and we will always listen to any concerns you might have about drug activity.

"We know many people who take drugs also commit other types of crime too, including residential burglary, to feed their habits, so these arrests are particularly significant.

"I would like to thank those residents who have got in touch to report their concerns and I would encourage you to continue doing this. The public are our eyes and ears and the information you hold may be the missing piece of the puzzle that enables us to carry out further action."

_If you are concerned about drug use in Welwyn Hatfield or have information, you can report this online athttps://www.herts.police.uk/Report. _

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form atwww.crimestoppers-uk.org. _
