```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating an interference with a vehicle in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to as they may be able to assist with their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following an interference with a vehicle in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-an-interference-with-a-vehicle-in-bishops-stortford-0635a
```

* ### Officers investigating an interference with a vehicle have released CCTV images of two men who may be able to help with their investigations.

 * ### The incident happened in Beldams drive, Bishop's Stortford on 6 Aug.

 * ### Anyone who has any information is encouraged to dial 101, quoting 41/71101/19.

Officers investigating an interference with a vehicle in Bishop's Stortford have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to as they may be able to assist with their enquiries.

At 4.30am on Tuesday 6 August, three suspects were seen trying the door handles of a car parked on a driveway in Beldams Gate.

One of the suspects managed to open the door of the vehicle and had a look around inside before all three left the scene.

PC Adrian Pikett from the Bishop's Stortford Intervention Team said: "Having someone come onto your driveway and go through your possessions feels like a violation, and we hope to follow up on those who are responsible.

"If you recognise any of the men in the photos, please get in touch as they may have information that could help with our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Pikett via email at adrian.pikett@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/71101/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
