```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are warning drivers to keep their car keys out of sight, preferably upstairs, following a number of burglaries where cars have been stolen from driveways in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2017
title: High-value cars stolen from driveways in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/high-value-cars-stolen-from-driveways-st-albans
```

* ### Cars stolen in Bricket Wood, Frogmore and Park Street

 * ### Keep car keys away from your front doors

 * ### Two arrested

Police are warning drivers to keep their car keys out of sight, preferably upstairs, following a number of burglaries where cars have been stolen from driveways in St Albans.

"Expensive cars have been targeted by thieves in Park Street, Frogmore and Bricket Wood in the last three days - make sure yours is not next," warned St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick.

_A Mercedes-Benz was stolen from the driveway of an address in Mount Drive in Park Street between 10.30pm on November 27 and 6am on November 28. The offenders had stolen the keys and cash from inside the address._

_An attempted burglary took place at another address, with a high-value car on the drive, in Mount Drive at 3am on November 28._

_Offenders were disturbed by the occupants in Avian Avenue in Frogmore, with another high value car on the driveway, between 3.15am and 3.20am on November 28._

Oliver Darcy, age 28, of Templeton Road in Tottenham and Andrew Rawlings, age 29, of Denton Close in Luton were arrested following a burglary in Bricket Wood on Monday (November 27). They have both been charged with conspiracy to steal between October 3 and November 28, 2017. The charges relate to the theft of motor vehicles in St Albans, Hoddesdon, Stevenage and Bedfordshire.

She said: "We have robust plans in place, which include extra high-visibility and covert police patrols and we made two arrests on Monday. However, we cannot be in every street, so the best thing is to help reduce your chance of being a victim of crime by keeping your car keys away from your letter box and front door. Burglars want to be in and out quickly without being seen, so will not usually spend time searching for keys. Consider investing in a steering lock - it will make your car harder to steal. If you have a garage and have two cars, consider parking one in the garage and leave the other one on the drive. Also make sure you properly secure your front door, double locking PVCu doors."

The thieves have been stealing keys that have been left inside homes, close to letter boxes or insecure windows and doors, enabling them to drive the vehicles away. Key fobs should never be left close to doors or windows, where thieves are able to use equipment which can pick up the signal from the key fob and relay it to the vehicle to unlock the doors.

Ian Dowse, Vehicle Crime Prevention Officer, said: "New vehicles in the UK have some of the highest levels of security in the world, however, criminals are now using sophisticated electronic techniques to combat security systems and render the latest security devices ineffective, allowing the vehicle to be stolen.

"When using remote central locking, check it really is locked before leaving your vehicle."

Following some of these steps will also help to protect your vehicle:

 * Never leave your vehicle keys close to the front door of the home and always keep them in a place of safety. If your vehicle has a keyless entry system, ensure you place the vehicle tablet key at your home address, as far away from the vehicle as possible. Ideally place the key in a metal box or protective cover to prevent the key signal being read. Always lock your vehicle. If possible, park your vehicle in a locked, alarmed garage.
 * Consider fitting an 'OBD safe' device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's on-board diagnostic port, in the vehicle cabin. This prevents criminals using software to code an electronic key for the vehicle. Never hand vehicle keys over to a third party or leave the vehicle unattended at a valet parking, car wash or other parking places, where criminals can gain access to the vehicle and code a key electronically.
 * If your vehicle is fitted with on-board wi-fi consider switching this facility off, if you do not need it as this will reduce the chance of criminals hacking into the vehicle's system; your banking details or personal data from linked devices.
 * Consider fitting a dual-band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS, to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection. Devices approved by Thatcham help to combat this type of vehicle theft, as vehicles equipped with a tracking device are often promptly recovered. To find our more visit www.tracker.co.uk
 * Criminals can also employ remote/keyless-entry jamming equipment; so make sure your car is locked by physically trying the door handle and viewing the indicators flash, before leaving it.
 * Ensure that 'home' on your vehicle 'Sat Nav' is shown as the postcode of your local police station and not your actual home address!
 * If advertising your vehicle for sale online, ensure that the registration number is not displayed when photographed to avoid the cloning of its identity. Always accompany prospective purchasers on a test drive and carry a mobile phone with you for contact in the event of emergency.
