```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are currently investigating a collision that took place in Cheshunt on Monday 7 October. They are asking for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or who has any information, to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2019
title: Witness appeal following collision in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-in-cheshunt-0879
```

* ### A black Volkswagen Golf was involved in a collision with a White Ford Transit van

 * ### The VW Golf also hit two pedestrians

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information or dash cam footage to come forward

Police are currently investigating a collision that took place in Cheshunt on Monday 7 October. They are asking for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or who has any information, to get in contact.

At around 7.15pm officers on patrol attempted to stop a black Volkswagen Golf on Windmill Lane, near Cheshunt train station. The vehicle made off, and was then involved in a collision with another vehicle (a white Ford Transit van) and two pedestrians.

Two people were subsequently arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, theft of a motor vehicle and taking without consent. They have since been released under investigation.

Enquiries are ongoing to trace a third person who is believed to have been in the vehicle at the time of the incident.

All of the members of the public who were involved in the incident received medical attention, with two victims taken to hospital with injuries which are not thought to be life changing or life threatening.

Detective Constable Dave Richards said: "There were a lot of people in the area at the time - if you were one of them and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch as soon as possible. Also, if you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage and contact us if you believe you have anything which may assist our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact DC Richards directly via email at david.richards@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/91106/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

* As part of our normal procedure, this has been referred to the Constabulary's Professional Standards department due to the nature of the incident.
