```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An 18 year old man has been sentenced for threatening a police officer with a weapon in Watford.
publish:
  date: 8 Mar 2021
title: "Man sentenced for threatening a police officer with a weapon \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-threatening-a-police-officer-with-a-weapon-watford-1290
```

* ### A police officer was threatened with a Samurai sword in Watford town centre earlier this year

 * ### Gary Bangs, 18, pled guilty to assaulting an emergency worker and threatening a person with an offensive weapon in a public place

 * ### He was given nine months in a Young Offenders' Institution after appearing at St Albans Crown Court

An 18 year old man has been sentenced for threatening a police officer with a weapon in Watford.

Gary Bangs, of Byewaters in Watford, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Friday 5 March and was sentenced to nine months in a young offenders' institution.

He had previously pled guilty to assaulting an emergency worker and threatening a person with an offensive weapon in a public place.

The court heard how on Saturday 9 January this year, Bangs had been spotted on CCTV acting suspiciously and was believed to be in possession of a knife.

A police officer attended the town centre and attempted to stop the teenager, who then produced a Samurai sword and threatened the constable before running off.

Bangs was arrested a short while later and officers seized the weapon which was found discarded nearby.

PC Daniel Judge, who investigated the offence, said: "We will not tolerate knife crime on the streets of Watford and anyone carrying a weapon on their person should expect to be stopped and searched by police.

"Bangs showed complete disregard for the safety of the public by carrying that weapon. Thanks to a quick-thinking CCTV operator, we were able to get to the scene, locate the weapon and remove it from our streets in order to protect the public."

If you are concerned that someone you know is carrying a knife, you can visit the Knife Free website (opens in a new window) for information and advice.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.

Please don't use echo to report an ongoing crime or incident. Remember: if you believe a crime is in progress or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
