```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a man was found with serious head injuries in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2018
title: "Man found with serious head injuries \u2013 Waltham Cross"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-found-with-serious-head-injuries-waltham-cross-2277
```

* ### Officers have launched an investigation after a man in his 60s was found with serious head injuries in Waltham Cross

 * ### He was found in Swanfield Road by a member of the public just after 9pm on Friday, December 21

 * ### Did you see what happened? Please call 101 quoting ISR 776 of December 21

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a man was found with serious head injuries in Waltham Cross.

Police were called by the ambulance service at 9.07pm yesterday (Friday, December 21) to report that a member of the public had found a man unconscious in Swanfield Road.

Officers attended the scene and the man, aged in his 60s, was taken to hospital for treatment where he remains this morning. His family have been contacted and are aware.

Sergeant James Thorne, who is investigating, said: "We are currently working to establish how the victim came to be injured and are following a number of lines of enquiry.

"We would be very keen to speak to anyone who was in the vicinity of Swanfield Road at around 9pm yesterday evening, and who may have witnessed an incident?

"Were you driving in the area at the time? Do you have a dash cam installed on your vehicle? Do you live in Swanfield Road and have CCTV fitted to your home address? If so, please get in touch as soon as possible as we would like to view your footage as part of our enquiries."

There is currently a police scene guard in place in Swanfield Road however this is due to be lifted today.

If you have any information you believe could assist the investigation, please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 776 of December 21. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _, or speak to one of the operators in our Force Communications Room via online web chat._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
