```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an attempted burglary in Watford have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 21 May 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following attempted burglary \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-attempted-burglary-watford-0253
```

* ### Do you recognise either of these men?

 * ### We would like to speak to them as part of our enquiries into an attempted burglary in Field Road, Watford

 * ### If you know them, please contact police quoting 41/29661/19

Detectives investigating an attempted burglary in Watford have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Field Road between 12.15pm and 12.35pm on Monday, April 1.

The victim, a woman, was inside her house when she heard a noise at the front door. She went to investigate and saw a man walking away from the property.

She then spoke to her neighbour who told her they had seen a man trying to enter the property via the front door, so they confronted him and he left.

Detective Constable Lewis Mortimer, who is investigating, said: "We are keen to identify and speak to the people pictured as we believe they may have information that could help us with our investigation. If you know who they are, or have any further information that could assist us, please get in touch."

You can email DC Mortimer via _lewis.mortimer2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online - quoting reference 41/29661/19 - at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat.

This can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
