```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The worried family of a man who has been missing from Essendon for a month are appealing for him to let them know he is safe.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2018
title: "\u2018Richard, please call us to let you know you are okay\u2019"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Richard-please-call-us-to-let-you-know-you-are-okay-1434B
```

The worried family of a man who has been missing from Essendon for a month are appealing for him to let them know he is safe.

Richard Leo, aged 40, was last seen at his home address in the village at 10am on Saturday, December 16.

He is described as a white man, around 5ft 10in tall, with dark brown hair. When he was last seen, he was clean shaven.

He was last seen wearing a grey denim bomber-style jacket, baggy blue jeans and brown boat/plimsoll style shoes. He was carrying a small grey/khaki coloured messenger style bag.

Richard often travels to Hertford by bus and also takes walks in the areas around Essendon Golf Club, the playing fields and surrounding woodland.

His mother said: "Richard, wherever you are, please let us know you are okay. Your brother and I are worried about you. We understand if you don't want to be here at home anymore, but just get in touch to let us know you're alright. "I know you were worried about your situation when you left but you've had a letter to say it's all been sorted out now. Your brother and I are thinking of you every day."

Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who is leading the investigation, said: "Richard has been missing for a month now and we are becoming increasingly concerned for his welfare.

"We have trawled through hours of CCTV and have found several sightings of Richard as he travelled on foot into Potters Bar.

"We now have reason to believe he caught a train to London, and officers are currently trying to narrow down which train he may have travelled on.

"Richard - if you are reading this, please make contact to let us know that you are okay. Your family are very worried about you. You can call us on 101 or if you'd rather not contact police directly, you can call the Missing People charity on 116 000."

Anyone who sees Richard or knows of his whereabouts is asked to call the non-emergency number 101 straight away, quoting ISR 197 of December 20. ** **

Drone footage of the area around Essendon
