```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people were arrested following drugs warrants at three addresses in Borehamwood yesterday morning (Thursday, March 28).
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2019
title: Three drugs warrants executed in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-drugs-warrants-executed-in-borehamwood-2824J
```

* ### Four people were arrested following drugs warrants at three addresses in Borehamwood yesterday morning (Thursday, March 28).

 * ### Two people were arrested at the Canterbury House address, a 22 year old man and a 54 year old man, on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

 * ### The second warrant at Barton Way also resulted in two people, a 39 year old man and a 60 year old man, both being arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

Four people were arrested following drugs warrants at three addresses in Borehamwood yesterday morning (Thursday, March 28).

The warrants were executed at addresses in Canterbury House, Barton Way and Baldock Way and involved officers from Operation Scorpion, Safer Neighbourhood Team, Intervention, Operational Police Support Unit and the tri-force Dog Unit.

Officers forced entry to the address at Canterbury House using heavy-duty cutting saws.

PC Rich Moore from the Scorpion team said: "We appreciate residents' patience as it caused a large amount of disruption to neighbouring homes, however, this was deemed the most appropriate method of entry to secure and preserve evidence."

Two people were arrested at this address, a 22 year old man and a 54 year old man, on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs who have since been released under investigation.

The second warrant at Barton Way also resulted in two people, a 39 year old man and a 60 year old man, both being arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and released under investigation.

Operation Scorpion officers work in a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime - such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences - by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.

Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Mark Bilsdon said: "We respond to every call, email or piece of information about suspected drugs activity. We are committed to driving out people involved in drugs. We know many people who take drugs often fuel their habit by committing crime including burglaries. Please let us know if you suspect drug dealing in your neighbourhood. You can call us on 101 or report online.

"Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form."

### ** **
