```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of Peter Day have paid tribute to a \u2018quiet and gentle\u2019 husband and father."
publish:
  date: 23 Jun 2018
title: Tribute to Peter Day
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-peter-day-0415
```

The family of Peter Day have paid tribute to a 'quiet and gentle' husband and father.

The 60-year-old was out running on the afternoon of Wednesday, June 20 when he was in collision with a HGV on the A507 Clothall Road, at the junction with Ashanger Lane and Warren Lane. Despite paramedics' best efforts, Peter sadly passed away at the scene.

He leaves his wife Cilla, aged 65, their daughter Laura, aged 27, their two dogs Roxy and Cinders and their two cats, Boris and Marie.

Peter was born on September 13, 1957 in Mitcham, South London, to parents Clifford and Elizabeth. He was an only child but has cousins in Germany, as his mother was German and had met Peter's father during the Second World War when he was serving in the British Army.

After Peter left school he got a job as a postal clerk for the Post Office before working his way up to the position of branch manager, looking after branches in central London.

It was around 35 years ago that, through mutual friends, he first met his wife Cilla who at the time was working for clothing retailer Chelsea Girl (now River Island) at their head office.

The couple hit it off straight away, bonding over their love of music - especially Rod Stewart and Leonard Cohen - and they enjoyed going to gigs together regularly.

Cilla moved from West London to Baldock in 1983, where she had attended secondary school as a child. When the pair married in March 1990, Peter moved from London to be with his new wife. A year later, they welcomed their daughter Laura.

Around five years ago, Peter retired from his branch manager role in London and took up a role as post office manager in the Hitchin branch on Highbury Road.

Cilla, who works at the Baldock Tesco Extra, said: "We were a very close family. Peter loved to be at home with us, he was very family-orientated and very traditional. He was a quiet and gentle person."

Peter had been a big West Ham fan since he was a child, following in his father's footsteps, and he would keep track of the team's progress by watching matches on the television.

The father-of-one was also a keen runner, a hobby which Cilla says he started when he was commuting to work in London as a way of de-stressing. He would often use the footpaths in the countryside surrounding Baldock around four to five times a week.

Laura, who works at Tesco head office in Welwyn Garden City, said: "We really enjoyed our family holidays together. Last year we went to Mexico to celebrate Dad's 60th, which was great fun, and in March this year, we went to Florida. We were booked to go to Turkey in September this year, which he was really looking forward to."

Peter's family have now asked for privacy to mourn his loss.

Peter Day
