```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to trace following an attempted robbery in Pirton.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2021
title: Image of man released following attempted robbery in Pirton
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/image-of-man-released-following-attempted-robbery-in-pirton-1307
```

* ### CCTV appeal following attempted robbery in Pirton on Saturday 6 March

 * ### Officers would like to identify the man pictured

 * ### Do you recognise him? Please contact police if you have any information.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to trace following an attempted robbery in Pirton.

The incident happened on Saturday 6 March at the village store and post office on the High Street.

Shortly after 7am, a man threatened the member of staff and demanded cash. He was holding a knife. The female member of staff ran from the store and the man followed her out before getting into a vehicle nearby and driving off.

The man is described as mixed race, 5ft 11in tall, of slim build and well-spoken. He was wearing a black balaclava, a dark-coloured jacket and camouflage-style trousers.

Detective Sergeant Anna Luxon, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We know this was a frightening incident for the community so please be assured that we are carrying out extensive enquiries.

"One week on, we are now releasing an image of the man in the hope that the public will be able to help us identify him. I appreciate his face is covered but I hope someone recognises his distinctive clothing and his stature.

"If you recognise him, or if you have information about what happened, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at anna.luxon@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/16276/21.

"A week before the attempted robbery, a man was seen loitering around the area and we are carrying out enquiries to establish whether this is linked to the attempted robbery. If you saw this man or have information, please do not hesitate to get in touch too."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
