```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With new restrictions coming into place tomorrow (Thursday 5 November), you might be getting together with friends and family members before the country goes back into lockdown.
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2020
title: Remember, remember, rules are in place before 5 November
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/remember-remember-rules-are-in-place-before-5-november-0832
```

* ### New Government restrictions will be coming into place tomorrow (Thursday 5 November).

 * ### The Herts Local Resilience Forum are reminding people that existing restrictions are still in place, and to behave responsibly if planning to go out tonight.

 * ### There will be an increased police presence across the county tonight, with officers on additional patrols in busy areas.

With new restrictions coming into place tomorrow (Thursday 5 November), you might be getting together with friends and family members before the country goes back into lockdown.

Please remember that restrictions are already in place - such as the rule of six, social distancing and face coverings. Whilst you may be tempted to overlook these for one night, please don't: no-one is safe from coronavirus.

Darryl Keen, Director of Community Protection, Chief Fire Officer and chair of the strategic coordination group of the LRF, said: "It might be tempting to fit in a lot of social events and see larger groups of people before Thursday, but it's really important we continue to play our part before the stricter rules come in on 5 November.

"There has been a significant rise in cases of coronavirus in Hertfordshire and we all need to act now to stop coronavirus spreading."

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, of Hertfordshire Constabulary, said: "There will be an increased police presence across the county tonight, with officers on additional patrols in busy areas to ensure that everyone who does choose to go out is behaving safely and responsibly.

"Whilst the new regulations, existing enforcement powers are in place and we cannot turn a blind eye to the fact that cases are sharply rising and that lives are at risk - please remember than no-one is safe from coronavirus. Please follow the rules to protect our NHS and help save lives."

Anyone found to be knowingly breaking the rules can expect to receive a fixed penalty notice. Please follow the rules, protect our NHS and save lives.

Darryl added: "If you're planning to set off fireworks in your garden before 5 November, please make sure you are adhering to the rule of six and socially distancing from anyone outside of your household. From 5 November onwards, you must not invite any guests from outside your home for a firework display, and if you choose to have your own display please do use fireworks safely."

If you are feeling unwell, you should book a test or call 119.

For support you can visit HertsHelp, email info@hertshelp.net or call 0300 123 4044.
