```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2019
title: Appeal following sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-hemel-hempstead-0192
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.

The victim - a woman aged in her 40s - was walking along Redbourn Road at around 11.40pm yesterday (Wednesday, May 8) when she was approached by a man who touched her inappropriately.

The offender was disturbed by a nearby resident who came to the woman's aid and shouted at the man, who then ran away.

The victim is being supported by officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team (SOIT) and significant enquiries are on-going.

Inspector Jeff Scott, from the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Incidents of this nature are unusual but I understand that news of this assault will cause some concern among the local community.

"Specialist officers from the Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team are investigating and significant enquiries are continuing to take place. The victim is safe and is being supported by officers.

"While our work to identify and arrest the offender is on-going, we are conducting reassurance patrols in the local area and anyone with concerns should feel free to approach officers in the community or contact their local Safer Neighbourhood Team via telephone."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact Detective Inspector John Harlock by emailing _john.harlock@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/41379/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
