```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Over 20 people have been arrested, with 16 charged, following a major police operation targeting the drugs supply in Welwyn Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: Over 20 arrested, with 16 charged, following major Welwyn Hatfield drugs operation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/over-20-arrested-with-16-charged-following-major-welwyn-hatfield-drugs-operation-1101
```

* ### Operation Telic used a combination of covert and reactive tactics to tackle county lines drug dealing

 * ### 24 people have been arrested and 16 of them have been charged

 * ### Four vulnerable people were also identified and safeguarded

###

Over 20 people have been arrested, with 16 charged, following a major police operation targeting the drugs supply in Welwyn Hatfield.

Operation Telic, which ran for six months, used a combination of covert and reactive tactics to disrupt county lines drug dealing.

County lines is the name given to the trafficking of drugs out of cities into smaller towns and rural areas. As a result of the operation, five county lines coming out of London were identified and disrupted by police.

Additionally, three vulnerable juveniles and an adult were identified for safeguarding and are now receiving the help and support they need.

Following extensive policing work, three main arrest phases took place on 14 December 2020, Wednesday 6 January and Tuesday 12 January.

A total of 24 people have been arrested and the following 16 have been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs:

 * Zac Patterson, age 27, of Iverson Road, Camden
 * Ben Douglas, age 23, of Kimptons Mead, Potters Bar
 * Chris Sharpe, age 38, of Kimptons Mead, Potters Bar
 * Stuart Daisley, age 25, of Nettlecroft, Welwyn Garden City
 * John Layton, age 55, of Boundary Way, Welwyn Garden City
 * Eraste Muaka, age 26 of Soloman Way, Tower Hamlets
 * Antoinette Williams, age 27, of Mildmay Road, London
 * A 15 year old boy from Greater London
 * Ibrar Ali, age 49, of Sleapshyde Lane, St Albans
 * Kamal Hussan, age 21, of Southgate Road, Islington
 * A 16 year old boy from Harringay, London
 * Daniel Dowding, age, 40, of Bishops Rise, Hatfield
 * Ben Webb, age 37, of Bishops Rise, Hatfield
 * Sarah Anon, age 36, of Garden Avenue, Hatfield
 * Bryn Caddy, age 38, of Dellsome Lane, Welham Green
 * Rafael Bilinski, age 18 of St Albans Road East, Hatfield

Of the remaining eight arrested, one has been recalled to prison, another has been cautioned and six have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Clawson, from the constabulary's Tactical Resources Team, led the operation. He said: "This was a carefully constructed operation, beginning with several months of intelligence-gathering and targeting those responsible for bringing drugs out of London and onto the streets of Welwyn Hatfield. Despite the pandemic, specialist officers from our Tactical Resources Team stopped at nothing and relentlessly pursued those involved, arresting over 20 individuals, safeguarding vulnerable people, and preventing others from being drawn into the drugs trade."

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Simon Mason added: "I hope the results of Operation Telic reassure you that we are serious about wiping drugs off the streets of Welwyn Hatfield and finding those responsible. We know the devastating impact that drugs have on communities and we will continue working with our local partners, including Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council, to prevent drug dealing and drug-related crime so that Welwyn Hatfield remains a safe place we're proud to call home."

You can report information about drug dealing online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
