```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Grove Hill, Hemel Hempstead
publish:
  date: 1 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-hemel-hempstead-0566
```

* ## The incident occurred in Squires Ride.

 * ## A man was threatened and his phone was stolen.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Grove Hill, Hemel Hempstead.

On Sunday 16 August, at around 9.15pm, the victim was at his home in Squires Ride when two men entered the property by means unknown, armed with a large knife.

The victim was threatened by the offenders, who slashed him across the head. He sustained injuries to both the back of his head and his elbow.

They stole the victim's mobile phone, which was a Samsung J6, before making off via the back door of the property.

One of the suspects was described as a white male, who was wearing a full black tracksuit with the hood of the top up and a scarf. The other suspect was described as a mixed-race male and was said to be wearing a black hoodie with khaki green tracksuit bottoms. Both were wearing face coverings.

PC Michael Durrant, who is investigating, said: "We have already conducted extensive enquiries in our efforts to trace the offenders, and an investigation is very much underway. However, we are now appealing to the public to ask if anyone has any information that may assist us.

"This incident took place in a quiet, residential street, on a Sunday evening. There would have been a lot of commotion - there was a confrontation between the victim and the offenders inside the property, and the victim left his house and was shouting for help in the middle of the street.

"If you have any information whatsoever, even if it may seem relatively minor or insignificant, please do get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact PC Durrant via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/65538/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
