```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Ex-army officer Dan Urquhart and ex-custody officer Donna Peters have joined the St Albans Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT).
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2018
title: St Albans welcomes two new PCSOs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stalbans-welcomes-two-new-pcsos-0502F
```

* ### Ex-army officer Dan Urquhart and ex-custody officer Donna Peters have joined the St Albans _Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team_ (SNT).

 * ### PCSO Urquhart is covering the city centre and PCSO Peters is covering the Sopwell ward.

 * ### You can follow the St Albans team on Facebook **St Albans Community Safety Partnership** and Twitter **@StAlbansChief** a

Ex-army officer Dan Urquhart and ex-custody officer Donna Peters have joined the St Albans _Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team_ (SNT).

**PCSO Urquhart** , who went to Marlborough School, has been busy since he took up the post covering the city centre in April.

He was made aware of fraudulent cards being used in H&M just after he started. PCSO Urquhart chased a suspect and caught him in French Row (on May 17). One of the offenders - a 29-year-old man from Edgeware, who was also wanted by police in Italy, was arrested and charged and a 22-year-old man has been released under investigation.

The following day (May 18), three men were reported using fake debit cards in St Albans. PCSO Urquhart stopped the car they were attempted to drive off in and with help from his police officer colleagues, two of them were arrested and charged and a third man was released under investigation.

During his time on the SNT, he has spoken to children at Maple Primary School about personal safety and collected CCTV to review, capture images and circulate. One of the images was circulated through the Shopwatch scheme and the man identified was later arrested for stealing meat.

He said: "I was so pleased to be posted in St Albans as I know the area really well and I think local knowledge really helps in this job. I enjoy working closely with my police officer colleagues and St Albans City and District Council to deal with all crime, but especially purse-dipping and shoplifting in the city centre. I'd advise residents to pick up a rfid card protector to stop contactless payments being transmitted through handbags."

He said: "I want to be highly visible in the town centre and will spend as much time patrolling as possible. Residents have already spoken to me about a number of issues and I hope my presence reassures the public and deters criminals."

PCSO Urquhart was a combat vehicle mechanic in the army before this role but had to leave following a sports injury. "It's similar in that it is a disciplined and active role and I enjoy talking to people and helping them during difficult times."

Dan is aged 25, and lives in Bedfordshire. In his spare time, he enjoys going to the gym every day and is currently training for the 'tough mudders' challenge to raise money for Great Ormand Street.

### nd **@StAlbansPolice.**

PCSO Urquhart

**PCSO Peters** , is now covering the Sopwell ward. "I'm a real people person and enjoy being outdoors in sun, snow or rain, and the variation of this job as no two days are the same."

Since she started her post, she has done lots of patrolling, house-to-house enquiries following burglaries, collected and viewed CCTV from Sopwell House Hotel and the Griffiths Way retail park, taken part in neighbourhood events and helped a homeless man who had fallen into a ditch.

After bringing up her children, PCSO Peters worked as a Home Office custody officer, where she would transport, often dangerous, offenders across the country, to the Royal Court of Justice, embassies or to airports to be deported, being responsible for their welfare. She also worked as a flight attendant for British Airways and Virgin and has travelled to Sydney, Singapore, Shanghai, Vancouver, Chicago, Cape Town and Lagos. "I've been to some amazing places but the jet lag is so tough. Although, after travelling to Cape Town, I climbed Table Mountain!" Three years ago, she cycled from Luton to Brussels - 100 miles a day - for charity. "It was the biggest challenge of my life!" she said.

She was also a Greeter for Harrods Aviation and met numerous celebrities with an appetite for the most extravagant goods and saw gold bullion and diamonds being loaded onto planes.

She said: "This job was a complete contrast to being a custody officer - I've seen people at their lowest, who are serving long sentences for their crimes and celebrities who have a flamboyant lifestyle. Both have their fair share of problems and it made me realise that I wanted to help the public and being a PCSO seemed like the ideal way to help people."

Before that she sold houses. "But I couldn't bear being stuck in an office," she said.

PCSO Peters has lived in St Albans and Harpenden and did a secretarial course at Oaklands College. She now lives in Bedfordshire and enjoys outdoor activities. She has two grown-up children.

St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek added: "I am very pleased to welcome Donna and Dan to the team as new PCSO's for St Albans. They have already made a positive impact and are proving to be a great asset to our team."

rfid cards can be picked up from St Albans police station, which is located in the St Albans City and District Council offices in Civic Centre, St Peters Street, AL1 3LD. Officers are available at the Information and Advice Point by the council's reception desk on Wednesdays from 10am to 12 noon. If you would like to speak to your local PCSO, call 101 or email first.surname@herts.pnn.police.uk

In an emergency, always dial 999.

You can follow the St Albans team on Facebook **St Albans Community Safety Partnership** and Twitter **@StAlbansChief** and **@StAlbansPolice.**

PCSO Peters
