```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire police have released a video appeal from a family devastated by a fatal collision caused by a driver distracted by his mobile phone.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2018
title: "\u2018Put It Down\u2019 campaign video appeal"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Put-It-Down-campaign-video-appeal-1514
```

* ### Beds, Cambs and Herts Police have issued a video appeal as part of their Put It Down road safety campaign.

 * ### Video features the family of a mother and three children who were killed by a lorry driver distracted by his phone.

 * ### They talk about the impact the tragedy has had on their lives since it happened in August 2016.

Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire police have released a video appeal from a family devastated by a fatal collision caused by a driver distracted by his mobile phone.

Tracy Houghton, 45, her sons, Ethan, 13, Josh, 11, and stepdaughter Aimee, 11, were tragically killed when a lorry driver who was changing music on his phone crashed into their car.

The lorry driver, Tomasz Kroker, hit the family's vehicle on the A34 near Newbury, Berkshire, as they were travelling back from a camping holiday in August 10, 2016. Tracy and the three children were killed instantly. Kroker was sentenced to 10 years in prison on October 31, 2016.

Now family members of those killed in the crash have made a public appeal, which can be viewed here, asking people to think before they choose to use a mobile phone while driving.

The video features Bedfordshire residents Doug Houghton, father of Ethan and Josh, Aimee's mother Kate Goldsmith and Vicki Hopkins, Doug's sister and aunt of Ethan and Josh.

During the video they discuss how they are still living with the consequences of Kroker's negligence 16 months after the fatal collision occurred.

The appeal is part of a week-long enforcement campaign across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire, targeting mobile phone use while behind the wheel.

Inspector Chris Huggins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are extremely grateful to the family for supporting our campaign and telling their heart-wrenching story and the impact their loss has had on their lives.

"This case highlights the devastating consequences of using a mobile phone at the wheel and what life is like for those families and friends who lose a loved one.

"I hope those people who continue to ignore our warnings listen carefully to this family's message and take note so that no one else has to experience their pain."

‘Put It Down’ campaign video appeal
