```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fail-to-stop collision in Redbourn are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2019
title: "Appeal following a fail-to-stop collision \u2013 Redbourn"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-fail-to-stop-collision-redbourn-2486
```

Officers investigating a fail-to-stop collision in Redbourn are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage.

It happened at around 5pm yesterday (Thursday, January 31) on the Redbourn bypass.

A grey BMW saloon was in collision with a dark coloured vehicle, which failed to stop at the scene.

The driver of the BMW, a man in his 60s, suffered cuts and bruises as a result of the collision. His car also suffered extensive damage.

PC Dale Morris, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are appealing to anyone who was using the Redbourn Bypass at the time of the incident, and has a dash cam installed in their vehicle, to please make contact with us.

"We are also keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet come forward.

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Morris on _dale.morris@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting ISR 562 of January 31. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
