```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has appeared at Hatfield Remand Court this morning (Thursday, February 28) in connection with the murder of Joy Morgan, a 21 year old University of Hertfordshire student, who is missing from Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2019
title: "Joy Morgan murder investigation \u2013 man remanded in custody"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/joy-morgan-murder-investigation-man-remanded-in-custody-2648b
```

* ### Shohfah-El Israel, aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, was charged with murder yesterday (Wednesday, February 27).

 * ### Today at court, he was remanded in custody and will appear at St Albans Crown Court tomorrow (Friday, March 1).

 * ### Joy's body has not yet been found and enquiries are on-going.

A man has appeared at Hatfield Remand Court this morning (Thursday, February 28) in connection with the murder of Joy Morgan, a 21 year old University of Hertfordshire student, who is missing from Hatfield.

Shohfah-El Israel (previously known as Ajibola Shogbamimu), aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, was charged with murder yesterday (Wednesday, February 27).

Today at court, he was remanded in custody and will appear at St Albans Crown Court tomorrow (Friday, March 1) at 10am.

Joy, a midwifery student was last seen in Ilford on December 26, 2018. She was reported missing to police on Thursday, February 7.

The student has links to Ilford, Battersea, Cricklewood, Stevenage and Luton. Her body has not yet been found and enquiries are on-going.

Any information that could assist the investigation can be submitted online here __

_You can also contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or_ _report information online. _

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via theiruntraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them._

_ _
