```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Lookout for your local shops is the plea from police in Stevenage who have seen an increase in burglaries to shops and small businesses since February.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2020
title: Lookout during lockdown
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/lookout-during-lockdown-0023e
```

* ## Police appeal for local residents to help protect business and shops which are being targeted by burglars.

 * ## People are being asked to keep an eye on their areas, if they live near shops and businesses which are currently not trading.

 * ## Many shops are surrounded by flats so residents are being asked to keep an eye out for suspicious activity.

Lookout for your local shops is the plea from police in Stevenage who have seen an increase in burglaries to shops and small businesses since February.

The premises which have been targeted so far are situated in the town centre, the Old Town and other small local shopping areas. Most are surrounded by flats and many have residential premises above them.

"These are difficult times for everyone, but particularly small businesses," said Chief Inspector Simon Tabert. "If it isn't bad enough that they cannot trade, now someone or some people are making a bad situation so much worse by stealing from them.

"I have teams of officers working around the clock to catch those responsible, proactively patrolling and available should anyone report someone acting suspiciously.

"So I really need residents of Stevenage to support their community and _'_ look out during lockdown'. Many people are now spending the majority of time inside, so if you live near local shops and businesses - be nosey, keep an eye on what is going on nearby, particularly at night.

"We are working hard to catch these callous individuals so the more information we have the easier it will be to catch them and protect our local businesses. These shops are shut so if you notice anything not quite right around these properties ring it in."

If you think a crime is in progress or someone could be about to commit one, call 999 immediately.

If you have information which could help our investigation report online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
