```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead are hoping to trace a potential witness to the incident.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019
title: Appeal to trace potential witness following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-potential-witness-following-a-robbery-in-hemel-hempstead-0809pr
```

* ### The incident took place on the Nickey Line footpath

 * ### The victim's handbag was stolen

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward

Detectives investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead are hoping to trace a potential witness to the incident.

It happened on the Nickey Line footpath, adjacent to the Hartwell Ford garage on Redbourn Road, at 7.40am on Monday 16 September.

The victim, a woman in her 30s, was walking along the path when she was approached from behind by a man who grabbed her handbag by the strap.

In doing so he pulled the victim to the ground before running off with the handbag, which contained her purse, in the direction of the rugby club on Pennine Way.

Immediately after the robbery, the victim noticed a man on a mobility scooter walking his dog along the footpath.

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "We are very keen to trace the man on the mobility scooter, who we believe may have witnessed the robbery or perhaps the aftermath.

"Was this you, or perhaps a friend or family member? I'd like to stress that you are not in any trouble, but we would like to speak to you as soon as possible as you may have vital information that could help us with our enquiries.

"This was a frightening ordeal for the victim, who suffered a graze on her head as a result. The robbery happened so quickly that she was unable to note down any descriptive details about the offender or the potential witness.

"The incident happened at a busy time of the morning when people would have been commuting in and out of Hemel Hempstead, and taking their children to school. I'd like the public to cast their minds back and think about whether they saw a man running in the vicinity of the Ford garage, or the man on the mobility scooter.

"The victim's handbag also contained a number of sentimental items so she is understandably distressed by what has happened. The bag is described as black with a gold stripe down the side and her purse is described as black leather with gold studs.

"If you see either of these items discarded in the local area then please retrieve them, keep them safe and make contact with us so we can reunite them with the victim."

If you have any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/84689/19**.

You can email DC Spiers at _peter.spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online, use online web chat, or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
