```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police officers from Watford are to attend a safety awareness day aimed at supporting the local deaf community.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2018
title: "Safety awareness day for Watford\u2019s deaf community"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/safety-awareness-day-for-watfords-deaf-community-2098C
```

* ### Representatives from a number of organisations will be in attendance.

 * ### A BSL interpreter will be present.

 * ### Attendees can get advice and discuss concerns.

Police officers from Watford are to attend a safety awareness day aimed at supporting the local deaf community.

The event will take place at Harebreaks Community Hub on Tuesday, November 20 and has been organised by the Watford Deaf Sports and Social Club, in partnerships with Neighbourhood Watch.

Representatives from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Trading Standards and Watford Community Housing Trust will also be in attendance, among other organisations.

They will be giving advice on staying safe and can discuss any concerns people may have.

A BSL (British Sign Language) interpreter will be present throughout.

Superintendent Dean Patient will be opening the event and the town's Deputy Mayor Karen Collett will also be attending.

Philip Waine, Watford's Neighbourhood Watch Liaison Officer, said: "We want to make sure that we're doing everything we can to engage with the whole community. This event will allow us to pass on information and advice on a range of subjects, to help people keep themselves safe, both in the home and while out and about. We look forward to seeing as many people as possible on the day."

The event will run between 1pm and 3.30pm.

If you are interested in finding out more please email or text 07920 070549.
