```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were issued with fixed penalty notices for breaching COVID-19 restrictions by meeting at a village cricket club for Halloween drinks.
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: Two fined for Halloween coronavirus breach
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-fined-for-halloween-coronavirus-breach-945
```

* ### Two fined for breaching 'rule of six'

 * ### Police enforce blatant breaking of coronavirus rules

 * ### COVID-19 police patrols continue as Herts is in Tier Two

Two people were issued with fixed penalty notices for breaching COVID-19 restrictions by meeting at a village cricket club for Halloween drinks.

Police on patrol in Three Rivers on the evening of Saturday 31 October saw two intoxicated men entering a cricket clubhouse which appeared to be in darkness, and followed them.

They found a group of more than six people having drinks inside, breaking the rule of six, which was in force at the time.

Yesterday, Wednesday 2 December, two individuals were issued with £200 fines under the coronavirus regulations.

Detective Inspector Stewart Moulding said: "As part of our local response to coronavirus we have officers on additional patrols checking that everyone in our community is following the COVID-19 regulations and at the time of this incident, the rule of six was very well understood by everyone.

"We investigated this incident in case it breached the large gathering regulation but this wasn't the case, but the fact remains that we cannot turn a blind eye when rules are blatantly broken, and these individuals have been issued with fines."

He added: "Not following the measures put in place to limit the spread of coronavirus is unacceptable and anyone who knowingly or deliberately break the rules, should expect to receive a fine."

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

Please ensure you understand GOV.UK's guidance before you report a possible breach via your local borough or district council. If you're not sure which district you're in, you can use the county council website's postcode finder.
