```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are continuing to search for a woman reported missing from St Albans and are issuing a further appeal for help to trace her.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Further re-appeal to trace missing Modelene from St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/further-re-appeal-to-trace-missing-modelene-from-st-albans-0777
```

* ### Police are continuing to search for a woman reported missing from St Albans and are issuing a further appeal for help to trace her.

 * ### Modelene Wobidike, 39, was last seen in the city centre on Saturday 22 August

 * ### She may be in the Horley or Redhill areas of Surrey

Police are continuing to search for a woman reported missing from St Albans and are issuing a further appeal for help to trace her.

Modelene Wobidike, aged 39, was last seen in the city centre at 3.50pm on Saturday 22 August, and may be in the Redhill/Horley areas of Surrey.

She is described as black, of medium build and 5ft 2in tall.

Modelene was last seen wearing a black dress. She often wears a headscarf, and ornate jewellery such as bangles and rings.

Officers are growing increasingly concerned for her welfare.

Jenny Brown, manager of the Force's Missing Person Team, said: "We are currently working closely with our colleagues in Surrey Police to locate Modelene.

"There was a potential sighting of her in Horley on Friday 25 September. Prior to that, she may have been in the Redhill area.

"Modelene is vulnerable and lives a transient lifestyle, meaning she has links to Horley and Reigate in Surrey, as well as Watford, South London, Central London and the West End.

"We are doing all we can to trace her so we can ensure she is safe and well. Please get in touch if you have any information.

"Modelene, if you see this appeal I would like to urge you to get in touch. You are not in any trouble, we just want to make sure that you are OK."

If you are in Surrey and believe you are with Modelene now or have seen her in the last few moments, please call Surrey Police on 101.

If you are in Hertfordshire, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on 101.
