```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of two BMWs and a vehicle interference incident on the same night in Tring.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following theft of BMWs in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-theft-of-bmws-in-tring-1554d
```

* ## We are appealing for witnesses and information after two BMWs were stolen in Tring.

 * ## The vehicles were taken on Wednesday 11 March into Thursday 12 March.

 * ## Call 101 and quote reference 41/22248/20, 41/22122/20 or 41/22120/20 if you can help.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of two BMWs and a vehicle interference incident on the same night in Tring.

The first incident saw a white BMW 760I taken from a driveway on Grove Road between 1pm on Wednesday 11 March and 3.15pm on Thursday 12 March (41/22248/20).

In the second theft, a white BMW X5 was stolen from a driveway on Beaconsfield Road between 10pm on Wednesday 11 March and 6.30am on Thursday 12 March. (41/22122/20)

An incident of vehicle interference in which a man was seen near a third BMW at around 2.15am on Thursday 12 March was also reported on Beaconsfield Road (41/22120/20).

Police Constable Lazarus Clark, who is investigating, said: "If you have information about any of these incidents I would like to hear from you.

"Maybe you live in the area and have relevant CCTV footage that could assist our enquiries?

"If you can help contact me via email"

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/22248/20, 41/22122/20 or 41/22120/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
