```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "If you\u2019re looking to change career and want to make a positive difference, why not join us at an event to find out more about the role of a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO)?"
publish:
  date: 1 May 2019
title: Looking for a change of career?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/looking-for-a-change-of-career-0149
```

* ### PCSOs work within our Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

 * ### An information event will take place at police headquarters on May 16 for people to find out more.

 * ### Serving PCSOs will be on hand to talk about the role.

_" The job is rewarding. At the end of a shift if you've detained a shoplifter, found a lost child or visited a community group in your area, the sense of satisfaction and the fact that you've 'made a difference' is unbeatable." - Adriano, a PCSO in St Albans._

If you're looking to change career and want to make a positive difference, why not join us at an event to find out more about the role of a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO)?

PCSOs are part of our Safer Neighbourhood Teams which work to improve the quality of life for residents and make their area safer, by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The role of a PCSO is paid and there are opportunities for people who wish to work part-time or flexible hours. The role involves shift work, including working some weekends and evenings to 11pm.

**An information evening is taking place on Thursday, May 16 at 7pm at Police Headquarters, Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, AL8 6XF.** People will be able to find out more about what the role entails and gain valuable advice about the application process. There will also be an opportunity to speak with serving PCSOs.

To book a place at the event, please email pcsorecruitment@herts.pnn.police.uk. Parking is available on site.

"There are a whole host of reasons why the role of a Police Community Support Officer is attractive," said Superintendent for Workforce Development, Julie Wheatley. "Many people have had a career elsewhere and want a role which has a direct impact on the community. You may have built up life skills and experiences which could be a great advantage to the role.

"As a PCSO you're given your own geographical area and it is your job to get to know the community; their issues, concerns and what may be affecting their quality of life, and find solutions to help.

"You'll be supporting victims of crime, instigating crime prevention initiatives, conducting patrols to prevent crime and reassure residents and generally being a port of call in your community. It's a very unique role that our PCSOs say is challenging, but incredibly rewarding."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said: "I see strong value in our continued investment in our PCSOs because they have a vital role in intelligence gathering and they get to know the communities in our towns and villages.

"They are a key part of neighbourhood policing in Hertfordshire and I know anyone joining the team will find the role exciting and varied."

Anyone who is interested in finding out more about the role can visit www.hertspolicepcso.co.uk
