```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hertfordshire Constabulary officer, a shop staff worker and a member of the public have been thanked for their kindness by an elderly distraction burglary victim.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2020
title: Trio thanked for kindness after helping distraction burglary victim in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/trio-thanked-for-kindness-after-helping-distraction-burglary-victim-in-cheshunt-184
```

* An officer has been thanked for his kindness by an elderly victim of a distraction burglary.
 * The distraction burglary took place off Cheshunt High Street on Sunday 31 May around 3.30pm.
 * Call 101 quoting 41/42408/20 if you can help.

A Hertfordshire Constabulary officer, a shop staff worker and a member of the public have been thanked for their kindness by an elderly distraction burglary victim.

Broxbourne intervention officer PC Stuart Rogers attended an incident in which an 89 year old lady was tricked out of some money by a woman who had called at her Cheshunt home.

The incident took place around 3.30pm last Sunday (31 May) off Cheshunt High Street.

The suspect is described as a white woman, in her early to mid-30s, with dark hair and she was wearing a white top.

Having taken a report of the crime PC Rogers said: "I just felt so awful for the lady that I went to Tesco to buy her a bunch of flowers to cheer her up.

"I spoke to a store staff member who also provided a care package, a member of the public overheard the conversation and donated some money, which I topped up to replace the amount which was stolen.

"When I dropped the items and money back to the lady she was overwhelmed by the support from police, Tesco and the generous member of the public."

If you have any information about the distraction burglary you can report it online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/42408/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
