```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man who is deemed to pose a significant risk of sexual harm to vulnerable young females has been issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order, following an investigation by Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s Safeguarding Command."
publish:
  date: 8 Jul 2020
title: Man issued with Sexual Harm Prevention Order
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-issued-with-sexual-harm-prevention-order-0322
```

* ### The order was applied for by the Constabulary's Legal Services Department.

 * ### The aim is to protect young and vulnerable people.

 * ### If the order is breached, he could face a jail sentence.

A man who is deemed to pose a significant risk of sexual harm to vulnerable young females has been issued with a Sexual Harm Prevention Order, following an investigation by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Safeguarding Command.

The 10-year-order was granted against 24-year-old Joshua Tate-Hunn at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 30 June.

A Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) is designed to help protect the public from sexual harm. The order against Tate-Hunn, who was previously living in Watford, was applied for by the Constabulary's Legal Services Department after he was considered by police as being at high risk of offending, particularly against young and vulnerable females.

Tate-Hunn, who is currently in prison awaiting sentencing for robbery, was brought to court but refused to give any evidence.

Among other conditions, the SHPO prohibits him from:
• Approaching, seeking to approach or communicating by whatever means, directly or indirectly with two named females.

• Inviting or having any female child under the age of 18 years in his vehicle, or any other vehicle in his control, unless the child is accompanied by a parent or guardian or responsible adult.

• Having any unsupervised contact of any kind with any female child under the age of 18 other than when it is not reasonably avoidable in the course of lawful daily life, or where consent from parents, guardians or a responsible adult who has knowledge of the order has been sought.

• Staying overnight in the same premises as any female child under the age of 18 years, unless with the consent of the child's parents, guardian or responsible adult who has knowledge of the order.

If the order is breached, it could lead to arrest and a custodial sentence.

Detective Constable Ayodeji Afolabi, who led the case, said: "A SHPO is an important order which can be used to help protect young and/or vulnerable people.

"This order has been granted as a result of collaboration amongst police forces, including support from the Metropolitan Police Service, Essex Police, Surrey Police and British Transport Police. I want to thank everyone involved for their assistance.

"I'm pleased we have been able to secure this order to help protect vulnerable members of our community. If you have any concerns, or believe this order may have been breached, please report it to us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

Further information on Sexual Harm Prevention Orders can be found here.
