```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team have been out today (Thursday February 15) looking for concealed weapons as part of Operation Spectre \u2013 the national campaign against knife crime."
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2018
title: Operation Spectre - weapons sweep in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Operation-spectre-weapons-sweep-in-stevenage-1636E
```

* ### Officers look for weapons as part of National Knife Campaign.

 * ### Locations across Stevenage searched.

 * ### Undergrowth and bin stores checked.

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team have been out today (Thursday February 15) looking for concealed weapons as part of Operation Spectre - the national campaign against knife crime.

As part of the local campaign, officers visited Monument Court, the Oval and Bedwell Park searching for any discarded or hidden knives or other weapons.

"We know that some people will hide weapons in bushes, bin stores and the undergrowth so that they are not carrying them with them all the time, but can find one if needed," said Neighbourhood Sergeant Martin May who organised today's search.

"We often receive information from the local community who have found hidden knives or think a particular area is being used to secrete such items. So we like to carry out regular checks of known locations.

"Although we didn't find any weapons today, it was good to engage with our communities and offer reassurance to local residents. I would urge anyone who has any concerns about knife crime to contact us, either in person or via an anonymous forum such as Crimestoppers. We will always act on any information you pass on."

As part of Operation Spectre a knife amnesty is running in Hertfordshire until Sunday, February 18. During the amnesty members of the public can surrender any unwanted knives to the police anonymously and without fear of prosecution for possession of these items. Knives can be handed in to Hatfield, Stevenage or Watford Police Station. For those who are unable to get to a knife surrender bin ** _,_** a special collection service is available by calling 101.

So far 12 knives have been handed into to Stevenage police station.

If you wish to contact the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team please call 101 or you can report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
