```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A special operation targeting criminals travelling in and out of Stevenage took place on Tuesday December 11.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2018
title: Special operation targets travelling criminals in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-operation-targets-travelling-criminals-in-stevenage2227e
```

* ### More than 40 vehicles stopped as part of special operation targeting criminals travelling in and out of Stevenage.

 * ### Officers from a variety of police teams stopped motorists at two locations in the town.

 * ### Two people arrested and nine vehicles seized.

A special operation targeting criminals travelling in and out of Stevenage took place on Tuesday December 11.

Officers from the Stevenage Scorpion and Safer Neighbourhood Teams joined colleagues from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing and the BCH Dog Unit and partner agencies. The operation ran from 10am to 5pm with two sites in action - one on the A602 near to Hooks Cross and one in Broadwater.

Throughout the day officers stopped vehicles of interest which were then directed to a special area where checks were carried out on the vehicles and the occupants. ANPR technology was used to identify any vehicles which may be of interest or had already come to the attention of the police.

More than 40 vehicles were stopped and checked by Road Policing Officers and representatives from the DVLA.

Two people were arrested - one for failing to appear at court and one for failing to stop for police, dangerous driving, not having a driving licence or insurance and theft of a motor vehicle.

Nine vehicles were seized and eight traffic offence reports were issued. Seven stop searches were conducted.

Commenting on the operation Detective Inspector for Stevenage, Graeme Walsingham said: "We have seen a rise in the number of criminals being linked to Stevenage crimes who are not from the area. We know through our ongoing work into 'county lines' that people are travelling into the town to deal drugs and this in turn leads to an increase in acquisitive crime such as burglary, car crime and shop lifting.

"I am very pleased with the results of this operation. Stevenage must not be an easy target and this is just part of our ongoing work to detect, disrupt and deter cross border criminals who use the road networks to carry out their offending and providing. I also want to reassure local residents and those that visit the town that we are committed to keeping Stevenage a safe place to live and work."
