```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire\u2019s Volunteer Police Cadets put their skills to the test as they competed in the annual County Competition."
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2019
title: Annual County Cadet Competition
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/annual-county-cadet-competition-0511b
```

* ### Cadets from all 11 of the county's groups took part.

 * ### They completed a variety of challenges.

 * ### The cadets were joined by family and friends for a presentation ceremony.

Hertfordshire's Volunteer Police Cadets put their skills to the test as they competed in the annual County Competition.

Held at headquarters in Welwyn Garden City last weekend (13 July), the competition saw representatives from all 11 of the county's cadet groups take part in a variety of challenges, to put into practice the things they have learnt through the voluntary programme.

Scenarios included dealing with a mock road traffic collision, giving evidence in front of a mock court, rescuing a hostage, searching for evidence at a crime scene, searching and arresting a person suspected of committing a theft and using a police radio to test their communication skills.

The cadets' strength and stamina was also tested in the 500m shield run, tug of war and bleep test.

Partner organisations play a big part in the competition too, with Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service organising a 'hose run' course, while Park Guard Ltd ran the dog handling challenge, where cadets had to guide specialist search dogs to locate hidden items. The Cuffley Field Trial Club oversaw the air rifle shooting challenge.

The following day, cadets were joined by family members, representatives from the Constabulary and local dignities for a parade and inspection, before awards were presented to the winners.

The overall winner was the St Albans and Harpenden group, with Hertford and Ware in second and Welwyn Hatfield taking third spot.

The Watford and Dacorum team were presented with the Met Friendly Endeavour Cup, which is judged on team spirit, behaviour and the manner in which team members support and encourage each other.

Gail Franklin, County Cadet Coordinator for Hertfordshire, said: "This competition just seems to get better and better every year and I'm really proud of the hard work and commitment shown by all those who took part. It's a fantastic way to showcase the skills they have learnt as part of the cadet programme.

"I'd like to say a huge thank you to everyone who contributed to such a fantastic weekend, we really couldn't do it without your help."
Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

More information can be found here.
