```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead have released images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them and those responsible for taking them.
publish:
  date: 4 Jul 2018
title: Have you seen items stolen during burglary in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-items-stolen-during-burglary-in-hemelhempstead-0464D
```

* ### A property near the Shearwater Road area was broken into.

 * ### Distinctive jewellery and watches were taken.

 * ### Police are asking anyone who may have come across them to get in touch.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead have released images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them and those responsible for taking them.

A property near the Shearwater Road area was broken into on Tuesday, June 26 after offenders forced entry via a rear window.

A number of items were stolen including:

 * A black Versace rucksack
 * A men's gold and diamond necklace and ring set
 * A men's two-tone Rolex watch (pictured)
 * A men's Audemars Piguet Royal Oak diamond set watch (pictured)
 * A gold and diamond pinky ring (pictured)
 * A ladies silver and diamond necklace (similar to the one pictured in gold)
 * A digital camera with a memory card inside

Investigating officer PC Natalie Williams, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "The items stolen during the burglary are highly distinctive so would be instantly recognisable. I would like to hear from anyone who thinks they may have come across them or has seen them advertised for sale.

"In particular, the victims are extremely keen for the camera memory card to be returned by any means, as it contains pictures which are of immense sentimental value.

"If you have any information at all about these items, or who may be responsible for the burglary, please get in contact."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Williams via email or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/11485/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
