```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 28 Jul 2020
title: Witness appeal following an assault in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-an-assault-in-rickmansworth-0420
```

* ### Detectives are investigating an assault which happened in Rickmansworth High Street on Friday 10 July

 * ### The victim, a man in his 20s, was punched from behind, causing him to fall to the ground and momentarily lose consciousness

 * ### If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information, please contact police quoting 41/54179/20

Detectives investigating an assault in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened outside the Watersmeet Theatre on the High Street at 11.10pm on Friday 10 July.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was walking with several friends when they were approached from behind by a group of approximately four men.

One of the men punched the victim in the back of the head, causing him to fall to the floor and momentarily lose consciousness.

He was taken to hospital for treatment and has since been discharged.

One of the men in the group that approached the victim and his friends was wearing a white top with a distinctive black design on it.

Detective Constable Paul Burton, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a nasty attack and the victim suffered quite a serious head injury from which he is now thankfully recovering.

"We believe the High Street would have been fairly busy with members of the public making their way home from a night out. Did you see this assault? Perhaps you were driving past at the time?

"If you have any information - or any dash cam footage - you believe could be helpful, then please get in touch as soon as possible."

You can email DC Burton at paul.burton@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/54179/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
