```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people have been arrested in connection with a killing in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2021
title: Four arrested in connection with murder investigation in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrested-in-connection-with-murder-investigation-in-stevenage-1194
```

* ### Three youths and one man arrested in connection with murder

 * ### A 31 year old man from Stevenage was killed on Friday 12 February

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward with information

Four people have been arrested in connection with a killing in Stevenage.

Police were called to Meadow Way, Stevenage, at 9.15pm on Friday 12 February in relation to concerns for the welfare of a 31-year-old man from Stevenage. He was pronounced deceased at Lister Hospital shortly after arrival.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit arrested a 16 year old boy on suspicion of murder yesterday, Saturday 13 February. He remains in custody.

A 15 year old boy, a 17 year old boy and a 41 year old man were arrested today, Sunday 14 February, and are in custody.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins from the BCH Major Crime Unit said: "We have made a number of arrests but as we pursue a number of lines of enquiry we are also appealing for any witnesses or anyone who has information about what happened to contact us.

"We are in the early stages of this investigation and extensive enquiries are being carried out to help establish the sequence of events before and after the incident."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference **Operation Mantle**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
