```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery and an attempted robbery in Hatfield which are believed to be linked.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal following robbery and attempted robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-robbery-and-attempted-robbery-in-hatfield-704b
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought to a robbery and attempted robbery in Hatfield.

 * ### The incidents took place on Wednesday 30 September.

 * ### Call 101 quoting if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery and an attempted robbery in Hatfield which are believed to be linked.

Both took place on Wednesday 30 September.

The first ( _crime reference 41/78752/20_ ) took place at around 5.25pm when a man was approached on a footpath running between St Albans Road East and Vixen Court. The suspect produced a knife and demanded money which the victim refused. The suspect, described as a black man, aged 20-25, of slim build, with a local accent, and wearing a black hoody with the hood up, ran away.

A few minutes later a second victim, another man, was approached in Hedges Close by a man, of a similar description, who again showed a knife and demanded money. This time the victim handed over a small amount of cash and a mobile phone, which was later recovered nearby ( _crime reference 41/78756/20_ ).

Detective Constable Chris Jones, of the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "These were frightening incidents for the victims and we're appealing for anyone who may have been in the area at the time and witnessed either of these to come forward.

"Additionally, if you have CCTV which covers the area and may have caught relevant footage or if you have information which could assist our enquiries please do make contact with us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/78752/20 or 41/78756/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
