```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a driver who assisted a man in distress on the A10, as his family wish to say thank you."
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2019
title: Were you the kind-hearted motorist who helped a vulnerable missing man?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/were-you-the-kind-hearted-motorist-who-helped-a-vulnerable-missing-man-0806
```

* ### Police are appealing to find a driver who assisted a vulnerable man

 * ### The driver was believed to be in a saloon style BMW

 * ### The family of the man would like to say thank you

Officers are appealing for the public's help to trace a driver who assisted a man in distress on the A10, as his family wish to say thank you.

The vulnerable man, who had been reported missing from his home earlier that day, has dementia. He was found in severe distress on the side of the A10 towards Buntingford between 7.15pm and 7.45pm on Wednesday 18 September.

A member of the public driving what is thought to be a BMW kindly stopped and offered to give him a lift home. The driver, believed to be a man, left before the family were able to go and thank them in person.

PC Matthew Bellia said: "We are hoping to track down the driver of this BMW, as both the police and the family of the man that they helped would like to say thank you.

"The family were obviously relieved that their loved one was found safe and well, and it was all thanks to this quick-thinking, compassionate person. They only saw the back of the vehicle, but they believe that it was a BMW saloon style car. If you are the driver of the BMW, or believe that you know who was driving the car, please contact us so we can put you in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Bellia directly via email at _Matthew.Bellia@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
