```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Six new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City during October
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2017
title: Six new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Six-new-Special-Constables-join-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-1060
```

* ### Following nine weeks of training, six Special Constables have been attested

 * ### The Specials will now be based at police stations throughout Hertfordshire

 * ### The Assistant Chief Constable, Special Chief Officer and a representative from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner were present

 * ### The Constabulary is keen to recruit further Special Constables

Six new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City during October.

Following nine weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Those that graduated included:

**Sharnie Davidson** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station

**Gerard Corr** , who will be based at Borehamwood Police Station

**Deborah Curtis-England** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station

**Thomas Keogh** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station

**James Thompson** , who will be based at Rickmansworth Police Station

**Tyler Lockhart** , who will be based at Watford Police Station

They were joined by their family and friends.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and assessment to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are qualified.

**Assistant Chief Constable Jane Swinburne awarded the Specials with their certificates. She said:** "Special Constables are a vital part of our policing effort in Hertfordshire and I am delighted to welcome them to the Constabulary.

"It's a very rewarding role which will see them being involved in a whole host of experiences which will develop their skills and knowledge of policing, as well as provide them with new transferable skills such as leadership and team working, which will help them in their roles outside of the force."

**Specials Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew, said:** "I was delighted to welcome our new Specials Constables to the force on their attestation. As the Special Constabulary Chief Officer, I am very proud to welcome them to our dedicated team. Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and making a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will be each make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire."

**Hertfordshire 's Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner Stuart Nagler said: "**Special Constables play a vital role in strengthening local policing teams across each of the ten districts and boroughs in Hertfordshire, helping to bring in additional resources, new skills, expertise and knowledge both to the front line and specialist units.

As an integral part of the policing family, it is essential that the recruitment, training and retention of Specials is fully supported. Currently in Hertfordshire 25 organisations are offering support to their employees who become Special Constables through Employer Supported Policing (ESP) and the Police and Crime Commissioner is calling on more businesses to do the same."

For more information on ESP visit: http://www.hertscommissioner.org/ESP

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of child sexual exploitation, cybercrime, domestic abuse and prisoner processing. Special Constables with specialist IT knowledge also work alongside police officers and staff who manage registered sex offenders.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.
