```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) hosted a stall in the Birchwood area of Hatfield on Saturday (29 June).
publish:
  date: 4 Jul 2019
title: Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team meet Birchwood residents
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-safer-neighbourhood-team-meet-birchwood-residents-0449b
```

* ### Officers hosted a stall outside the Co-op in Homestead Road on Saturday (29 June).

 * ### The stall was part of a weekend of action focusing on crime prevention in the area.

 * ### Residents were introduced to echo, a new feedback service which allows the public to tell police what matters most to them about policing in their local area.

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) hosted a stall in the Birchwood area of Hatfield on Saturday (29 June).

The stall, held outside the Co-op in Homestead Road, was part of a weekend of action focusing on crime prevention in the area.

Birchwood residents had the chance to speak to their local officers face-to-face. The weekend also saw the officers doing door knocks with the aim of speaking to as many households as possible and offering crime prevention advice to help keep them and their property safe throughout summer.

Residents were also introduced to echo, a new feedback service which allows the public to tell police what matters most to them about policing in their local area.

PCSO Carl Donovan, from the Welwyn Hatfield West SNT, said: "It was great to meet so many residents. With the weather so hot, some were even so kind as to bring us along nice, cold drinks!

"We also encouraged residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch which keeps you informed via email about crime, missing people and other information relevant to your local area. If you haven't signed up, just go to OWL."

To keep up-to-date with the Welwyn Hatfield West SNT, you can follow them on Twitter: @WelHatWstPolice

_echo allows residents to tell police what matters most to them about policing in their local area. Simply send an SMS text* with the word Hatfield and your thoughts to 66099. Alternatively, you can tell us your thoughts at any time byvisiting. The SNT will review your comments, good or bad, to support how we help to maintain a safer Hatfield._
