```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of a motocross bike which was stolen during a burglary in Welwyn Garden City, in the hopes of tracking it down and returning it to its rightful owner.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2021
title: Motocross bike stolen during burglary in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motocross-bike-stolen-during-burglary-in-welwyn-garden-city-1371b
```

* ### The bike was stolen from a property in Holwell Hyde.

 * ### It is believed to have been loaded onto a vehicle.

 * ### Police are asking anyone who sees it to please come forward.

Police are releasing images of a motocross bike which was stolen during a burglary in Welwyn Garden City, in the hopes of tracking it down and returning it to its rightful owner.

The white, yellow and blue Husqvarna TE250 was stolen from an address in Holwell Hyde, between 12.15am and 12.45am on Saturday 20 March.

Detective Constable Alicia Vieyra, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "Understandably, the owner is incredibly keen to get the bike back and I am appealing for anyone with information which could assist our efforts to please get in touch.

"It is believed the bike was loaded onto a vehicle which had parked nearby. Do you recall seeing anything suspicious in the area between the times stated? Or have you captured dash cam footage of a vehicle driving in the area? The roads would have been quiet at that time, so it may have been more noticeable.

"I'm also keen to hear from anyone who may have come across the bike itself."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact DC Vieyra via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20091/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
