```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: MP for Harpenden and Hitchin Bim Afolami was on the beat with officers from the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team on Thursday (June 28) to see for himself the issues facing police officers in the town.
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2018
title: "\u2018Bim on the Beat\u2019 in Harpenden"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Bim-on-the-Beat-in-Harpenden
```

* ### MP for Harpenden and Hitchin Bim Afolami joined officers from the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team on the beat.

 * ### He got to experience the issues facing police officers in the town first hand.

 * ### During a patrol around the town they went to Lower High Street, Sun Lane, Leyton Road in to Rothamsted Park and Station Road.

MP for Harpenden and Hitchin Bim Afolami was on the beat with officers from the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team on Thursday (June 28) to see for himself the issues facing police officers in the town.

He was met by St Albans district Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek before going out in the town centre to see how officers PC Art Wilkes and PCSO Josh Walton from the Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team deal with shoplifting, burglaries and anti-social behaviour.

PC Wilkes said: "We discussed policing in the town and the issues of day to day policing that we face. We spoke about the security of bike at the train station, shoplifting, stop and search powers and technology that has enabled us to be more mobile. We also spoke about how closely we work with other forces to share information about suspects and vehicles."

PCSO Walton added: "We also spoke about the different ways we interact with the public at events, parades, beat surgeries and street meets."

On their patrol, the officers were handed a wallet that was found by a member of the public. They managed to reunite it with the owner later on during their shift.

PC Wilkes said: "The man was over the moon as they had just realised they had lost it and he was in the process of cancelling his cards."

During the patrol around the town, they went to Lower High Street, Sun Lane, Leyton Road in to Rothamsted Park and Station Road.
