```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-stevenage-0261e
```

* ## The incident happened on Sunday 7 June shortly before 11.30pm in Lonsdale Road, close to the junction with Archer Road.

 * ## The victim was left with two black eyes and facial injuries which required stitches at hospital.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should contact police.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Stevenage.

The incident happened on Sunday 7 June shortly before 11.30pm in Lonsdale Road, close to the junction with Archer Road.

The victim, a man in his thirties, had left the Shell garage on his electric scooter when he was approached by two males who had exited a dark coloured vehicle. They began assaulting him before heading back to the vehicle. A third male then approached the victim from behind and further assaulted him, causing him to fall to the ground. The third male then got in the car and it drove away.

The victim was left with two black eyes and facial injuries which required stitches at hospital.

Detective Constable Lotty Lewis, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "Not only did the victim sustain painful injuries but he also realised after the assault that his bank card and cash was missing.

"We are doing everything we can to find those responsible for this and I am urging anyone who saw what happened or anyone with other information about the incident to get in touch.

"The three offenders are described as being around 5ft 9in tall and all of a slim build. Two of them were dressed in dark clothing.

"We believe the dark coloured vehicle may have been a Honda Civic or something similar. Were you in the area? Did you see anything suspicious?

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in helping us to find the people responsible for this robbery.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/44950/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
