```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Building on the success of previous training, bar and hotel staff and police officers are coming together for further training to help recognise and deal with Child Sexual Exploitation (CSE).
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2018
title: Further training for venue staff and police for CSE Awareness Day
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Further-training-for-venue-staff-and-police-for-CSE-Awareness-Day-1800ALL
```

* ### Child Sexual Exploitation (CSE) Awareness Day is this Sunday.

 * ### Venue staff and police officers receive further training around CSE.

 * ### Raising awareness is key to tackling and preventing CSE.

Building on the success of previous training, bar and hotel staff and police officers are coming together for further training to help recognise and deal with Child Sexual Exploitation (CSE).

More than 100 managers, door, reception and other staff from licensed premises and accommodation venues across Watford and Three Rivers will be attending a training event at PRYZM nightclub this evening (Friday March 16).

The event, organised by the Community Safety Team in Watford and Three Rivers, will give information about safeguarding and recognising vulnerability among the people using their venues.

Attendees will also be given advice related to acid attacks, counter terrorism and the Ask Angela scheme - which encourages people on first dates in participating venues to get help from staff if they feel unsafe.

Guidance will be given on the warning signs around young people at risk of CSE as bars and hotels are often used by suspects to groom or sexually exploit young people.

Leaflets with information about how to spot the signs will also be distributed for staff to keep behind bars and hotel receptions so they can be referred to easily.

Similar CSE training will follow in other areas around the county throughout the year.

Earlier in the day, a group of frontline officers based across the county also received additional training to become "CSE Champions" within Hertfordshire Constabulary.

These officers, from Intervention* and Safer Neighbourhood teams, will be able to provide advice and support to colleagues who have concerns that a child or young person is at risk of CSE. They will keep their teams up to date with current best practice and also organise awareness-raising activities with schools and youth clubs in their areas.

Around 60 frontline officers are expected to become CSE Champions.

The training was led by the Constabulary's CSE Co-Ordinator from the Halo unit - a specialist team dedicated to investigating and preventing CSE.

The events come ahead of CSE Awareness Day on Sunday (March 18).

Detective Chief Inspector Dee Perkins, head of Protecting Children, said: "We are committed to tackling CSE and to be effective it is vital for us to operate in a multi-agency sphere to raise awareness and provide training to help identify and safeguard those young people at risk of exploitation. Hertfordshire Constabulary with the support of partners takes a very robust approach to targeting those individuals that offend against children.

"Bar and hotel staff are key to recognising risk to young people as their venues can be used by suspects in the exploitation of young people. It is essential that staff working in these industries are alert to the warning signs and report any concerns.

"In the same way, frontline officers from Intervention and Safer Neighbourhood teams often have the most contact with young and vulnerable people in their areas - they need the support and confidence to act on their suspicions."

Community Safety Sgt Luke Mitchell said: "Night time economy businesses and workers attending the event will receive information that will help them protect people using their venues from people who might seek to harm them.

"They should be more informed on a range of issues and be confident in how they deal with vulnerable people who they may come into contact with through their work.

"We all want bars and other local venues to be as safe as possible for all who use them. I would like to thank PRYZM for use of their venue for this event."

*Intervention units are responsible for responding to 999 calls.
