```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family and friends of a much-loved and respected police Sergeant who died following a valiant battle with cancer have paid tribute to her.
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2020
title: Tribute to Police Sergeant Leah McDermott
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-police-sergeant-leah-mcdermott-0352
```

* ## Much loved and respected Sergeant Leah McDermott passed away following a valiant battle with cancer.

 * ## She worked in Borehamwood, Bushey, St Albans and Stevenage during her 18-year career.

 * ## A small private police funeral will take place next week in line with Covid-19 restrictions - the cortege will travel past Stevenage police station.

The family and friends of a much-loved and respected police Sergeant who died following a valiant battle with cancer have paid tribute to her.

Sergeant Leah McDermott, age 46, passed away on Friday June 26 leaving behind her husband, Karl and their 11-year-old twins, Chloe and Abbie.

Leah was always passionate about the police from a young age because her father was a Police Inspector in Hertford. After leaving school, she initially worked for the ambulance service before joining the Constabulary as a call handler in the Force Control Room in 1995.

She made the decision to follow in her father's footsteps in 2002 by joining up as a police constable and was stationed in St Albans as an intervention officer.

During her 18-year career with the police, Leah worked in Stevenage as a custody officer and a Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant in Bushey and Radlett. Most recently, she was the Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Borehamwood and Elstree.

She first met her husband Karl, a former Hertfordshire police officer, in 2002 when he worked with her at St Albans police station. They married in 2005 and their twin daughters were born in 2009. Karl described Leah as his "best friend, wife, the best mother and my everything."

Inspector Vicki Richards, Leah's former manager and close friend, described her as "an inspiration. She was incredibly organised, motivated, knowledgeable and caring, whilst still maintaining an air of authority and strength of character immediately apparent to officers and offenders alike. Leah was an extraordinary person and an outstanding police officer who I have been honoured to work with." Vicki added: "This wasn't just her job, it was who she was."

Leah was loved and respected by colleagues and friends across the force, who have all been paying tribute to her. She has been described as 'efficient,' 'a great boss, who wanted you to achieve your best,' 'hardworking, ' 'compassionate,' 'dedicated,' 'a multi-tasker,' 'strict but fair and you knew where you stood with her,' and she was 'devoted to the job.'

Leah joined the police to help people and her compassion was one of her many great attributes. She would always go the extra mile to help victims, especially those who had suffered from domestic abuse, something she was passionate about putting a stop to.

If she was faced with a difficult situation, Leah would rise to the challenge and never give up. She would think nothing of working long hours to get the best outcome for a victim and would do everything she could to arrest an offender.

As well as being a dedicated police officer, Leah was a devoted mother to her twin daughters. She and her husband Karl would work opposite shifts so that they could both spend time with their girls while progressing their careers. They never had a day off together unless they were on holiday! It was here that they enjoyed family time in the Maldives, Dubai, Norfolk and more recently Cyprus.

As well as being a full-time police Sergeant who was responsible for a team of PCs and PCSOs and mother of twins, Leah was also a personal trainer and even ran the London Marathon in 2018.

She also found time to be a school governor and had a reputation as an amazing cook. Many of her friends have funny stories to tell about Leah, including the time she accidently reversed a police van into a tree!"

A private police funeral with be held for Leah next week with limited family and friends in attendance due to the Covid-19 restrictions. The cortege will travel past Stevenage police station on Lytton Way where colleagues will be able to pay their respects.

On the same day, the flag at police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City will fly at half mast as a mark of respect to a truly outstanding police officer.
