```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have praised an eagle-eyed CCTV controller who raised the alarm after spotting two young people threatening teenagers in Watford town centre.
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2019
title: Eagle-eyed CCTV controller spots Watford robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Eagle-eyed-CCTV-controller-spots-Watford-robbery-0089
```

* ### CCTV operator raised alarm after spotting suspects

 * ### Four teenage boys threatened and robbed

 * ### Officers appealing for witnesses

Police have praised an eagle-eyed CCTV controller who raised the alarm after spotting two young people threatening teenagers in Watford town centre.

The CCTV camera operator alerted police to the on-going incident by the car park in Estcourt Road at around 8.30pm on Friday, April 12.

Four teenage boys - two 15-year-olds and two 16-year-olds - were being threatened and having their pockets searched. A watch, an iPhone 6 and £15 cash were taken.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable David Herring said: "This is a great success story where an observant CCTV controller saw two possible offenders acting suspiciously, alerted police and monitored the suspects until we apprehended them.

"Thanks to their outstanding response, officers were en route to arrest the suspects while the robbery was still taking place.

"Two young people were quickly arrested and charged with robbery. If anyone witnessed the incident, I'd like to hear from them. Please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/33447/19."

A 16-year-old from Wembley and a 17-year-old from north-west London were arrested and charged with three counts of robbery and an attempted robbery. The 17-year-old was also charged with possession of a Class A controlled drug, methylamphetamine. Both were released on police bail to appear at St Albans Youth Court on 15 May 2019.

DC Herring added: "This case has demonstrated how together local police and the CCTV team can work together to help keep crime down."

Anyone with information is asked to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/33447/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report
