```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has issued multiple fines and seized alcohol and music equipment following an unlicensed music event in Hertsmere that breached coronavirus restrictions.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2021
title: Breach of coronavirus restrictions in South Mimms
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/breach-of-coronavirus-restrictions-in-south-mimms-1085
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary has issued multiple fixed penalty notices following a breach of the COVID-19 restrictions in Hertsmere.

 * ### Officers attended a property in Blanche Lane, South Mimms after receiving reports of an unusually large number of vehicles parked nearby.

 * ### Police entered the property and found around 150 people inside, along with music equipment such as DJ mixing decks and amplifiers.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has issued multiple fines and seized alcohol and music equipment following an unlicensed music event in Hertsmere that breached coronavirus restrictions.

Police were called at around 8pm last night (Wednesday 13 January) to reports of an unusually large number of vehicles parked near a property in Blanche Lane, South Mimms.

Officers attended the area and stopped a white van nearby. Upon searching the vehicle, officers found a large quantity of alcohol, and quickly established that an unlicensed music event had been organised at the property.

Officers entered the property and found around 150 people inside, along with music equipment such as DJ mixing decks and amplifiers which were seized. A Section 35 dispersal order was put in place and the gathering was quickly dispersed.

One person was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer after an officer was injured while dealing with the incident, and some 12 £200 fixed penalty notices have been issued so far.

Police are continuing to conduct extensive enquiries in order to establish the circumstances of this incident, and who was responsible for organising it, with a view of issuing a £10,000 fine.

Inspector Kio Bozorgi said: "This is completely unacceptable behaviour given the current climate, and I would like to take this opportunity to reassure the community that action is being taken.

"Not only is there the threat of contracting and spreading coronavirus, these types of events are dangerous for all attendees as there are no health and safety precautions, no risk assessments, no crowd control measures, medical staff or security provision on site. Anyone found organising an event such as this one, which clearly breaches the current restrictions, can expect to receive a £10,000 fine.

"To anyone who is considering breaking the rules in this manner, please think about the impact your actions have on others: not only are you risking spreading the virus, you are also causing a nuisance to nearby residents and local communities, and undermining the efforts of others who have sacrificed so much this year to keep themselves and their loved ones safe. Blatantly ignoring the restrictions sets the nation back on our difficult journey to return to a sense of normality. Please do the right thing and follow the clear guidelines."

If you have any information, you can report information online, launch an online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online. Please ensure you understand the Gov.UK guidance before you report a possible breach via your local borough or district council. If you're not sure which district you're in, you can use the county council website's postcode finder.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
