```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit stopped more than 50 vehicles as part of an operation to target motorists who are breaking the law.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2018
title: "Operation Alliance \u2013 success for road policing operation"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-alliance-success-for-road-policing-operation
```

* ### Operation Alliance saw officers stop more than 50 vehicles with the aim of targeting motorists who are breaking the law

 * ### It was conducted on both the M25 and the A1(M) at South Mimms on Friday, June 8

 * ### Officers checked numerous vehicles and their occupants using ANPR and intelligence data to target those who were suspected of committing motoring offences

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit stopped more than 50 vehicles as part of an operation to target motorists who are breaking the law.

Operation Alliance was conducted on both the M25 and A1(M) at South Mimms on Friday, June 8.

Throughout the day, officers checked numerous vehicles and their occupants using ANPR and intelligence data to target those who were suspected of committing motoring offences.

They were joined by HMRC, the HMRC Hidden Economy team, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA, formerly VOSA) the Environment Agency and Trading Standards, and were supported by police officers from Essex, Norfolk and Suffolk.

It was the third day of the operation, which had previously taken place in Essex and Suffolk in the preceding days, and focused on motorists using the road network in the eastern region.

A total of 55 vehicles were stopped and their occupants spoken to, resulting in a number of reports being made at the roadside for various offences.

Three people were reported for prosecution after being caught using a mobile phone at the wheel and a further five motorists were also reported for prosecution due to not wearing a seatbelt.

Three people were reported for driving without insurance and their vehicles were seized at the roadside, and a further person was reported for driving without a valid MOT.

One motorist was arrested for illegal entry to the UK and taken into custody at Hatfield police station.

A bilking (theft of fuel) offence was dealt with at the roadside and one motorist was reported for both insurance offences and driving while disqualified. He was interviewed at the roadside and his vehicle was seized and he was also reported for insurances offences.

A total of 20 people were pulled over for having an insecure load, not being in proper control of their vehicle, driving an overweight vehicle and construction and use offences (relating to their vehicle's road-worthiness) respectively.

Sergeant Ian Manley, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This was a multi-agency, multi-force operation aiming to disrupt cross-border criminality and ensure that those travelling on our roads are abiding by the law. My fellow officers and I are pleased with the results and we are very grateful to the officers from Essex, Norfolk and Suffolk who supported us, as well as those from our partner agencies.

"We worked well together to keep people safe and remove those who threaten that safety from the county's road network. Our message is: if you drive a vehicle, it is your responsibility to ensure it is in a roadworthy condition, that it has a valid MOT and that you have the correct insurance and licence to be behind the wheel."
