```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating following a suspicious incident in Hemel Hempstead and are appealing to members of the public for information.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2020
title: Appeal for information following incident in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-incident-in-hemel-hempstead-1470
```

* ### The incident occurred near Bennetts End community centre on Tuesday 25 February.

 * ### A 12-year-old girl was approached by a man in a vehicle.

 * ### Enquiries are ongoing to trace the driver.

Detectives are investigating following a suspicious incident in Hemel Hempstead and are appealing to members of the public for information.

Police were contacted shortly after 5.20pm on Tuesday 25 February to report that a vehicle had pulled up alongside a 12-year-old girl near Bennetts End community centre and the driver had asked her to get in.

No attempts were made to touch the girl.

The girl refused and caught the attention of a passer-by, who came to her assistance.The vehicle then left the area.

Extensive enquiries are continuing at this time to trace the driver and establish the circumstances around what happened.

A vehicle has been recovered as part of the investigation.

The driver is described as an Asian man, of slim/skinny build, 20 to 30 years of age, with a curly black beard. He was wearing a white T-shirt/polo shirt and a black hat.

Detective Inspector Matt Waylett, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit said: "I fully understand that incidents of this nature will cause concern in the community. I want to reassure people that we are doing everything we can to trace the driver of the vehicle and establish the circumstances around what happened.

"Although unharmed, the girl has been left shaken by what happened and continues to be supported by specialist officers. Patrols have been increased in the area and there have been no reports of a similar nature, at this time.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to remain vigilant while out and about. The girl in question did exactly the right thing by not engaging with the driver and seeking help immediately.

"If you are approached in similar circumstance please contact police straightaway and try and make a note of the vehicle's registration number and details of any occupants."

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact police straightaway.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 545 of 25 February.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

• A woman has been arrested in connection with the investigation, on suspicion of obstructing police and has been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.
