```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Fifteen people have been arrested following a six month proactive operation in St Albans targeting the supply of Class A drugs.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2017
title: Drug arrests following warrants executed in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Drug-arrests-following-warrants-executed-in-St-Albans-1307
```

* ### Arrests following series of warrants in St Albans

 * ### Tackling drug related activity in the city

Fifteen people have been arrested following a six month proactive operation in St Albans targeting the supply of Class A drugs.

Operation Retuned saw a number of warrants carried out across the city by officers from the Constabulary's Operational Support Team who tackle organised criminality. The team were also assisted by colleagues from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit as well as the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit.

Police conducted two arrest phases involving over 70 officers on each day, with the first on Wednesday, December 6. The following people were arrested and charged:

 * Sedric Smith, aged 37, of Connaught Road, Harrow, has been charged with supplying Class A drugs. He appeared on Thursday, December 7 at Hatfield Remand Court.
 * Zulfiqar Ali, aged 49, of Sleapshyde Lane, St Albans, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and possession of Class A drugs. He appeared on Thursday, December 7 at Hatfield Remand Court.
 * Conrad Thorpe, aged 40, of Denmark Road, Haringey, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. He appeared on Thursday, December 7 at Hatfield Remand Court.
 * Simon Aruchanga, aged 47, of Folly Avenue, St Albans, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and possession of Class A drugs. He appeared on Thursday, December 7 at Hatfield Remand Court.
 * Amine Harti, aged 20, of Hatfield Road, St Albans has been charged with being concerned in the supply of a controlled Class A drug. He appeared on Thursday, December 7 at Hatfield Remand Court.
 * Wayne Ypey, aged 46, of Bricket Road, St Albans, has been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and being concerned in the supply of a controlled Class A drug. He appeared on Thursday, December 7 at Hatfield Remand Court.
 * Dominic Edwards, aged 34, of Perryhill, Catford, has been charged with supplying Class A, possession of a bladed article, being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and being in possession of a Class B drug. He appeared on Friday, December 8 at Hatfield Remand Court.
 * Michak Cornelio, aged 18, of Bressex Avenue, Enfield has been charged with possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply. He appeared on Thursday, December 7 at Hatfield Remand Court.

They were all remanded and will all appear via video link at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, January 5, 2018.

Following today's second arrest phase, the following people were arrested:

 * A 48 year old man from St Albans has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs
 * A 31 year old woman of no fixed address has been arrested for immigration issues and failing to appear in court in connection with a common assault in 2005
 * A 27 year old man from London Colney has been arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply
 * A 39 year old man from Hemel Hempstead has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs
 * A 56 year old woman from St Albans has been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply
 * A 20 year old man from Muswell Hill has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and a bladed article
 * A 27 year old man from Borehamwood has been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs

They remain in police custody at this time.

St Albans Chief Inspector Shane O'Neill said: "Following a six-month operation, we have arrested several people we believe have been dealing drugs in St Albans. I'd like to thank members of the public for providing vital information to the police which was used in conjunction with police intelligence to carry out a number of drugs warrants both today and last week. We know many people who take drugs also commit other types of crime too, including residential burglary, to feed their habits, so these arrests are particularly significant. We hope some of those arrested will spend Christmas behind bars. With other agencies, we will also help the younger and more manipulated suspects conquer their addictions and chaotic lifestyles."

If you suspect anyone dealing or taking drugs in your neighbourhood, contact police on 101 or report online via the webchat facility at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Officers conducting warrant
