```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision on the M25 are appealing for information and witnesses, particularly those who have dash cam footage.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses following serious collision on the M25
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-serious-collision-on-the-M25-0227
```

* ### Did you witness a collision between a lorry, a car and a motorcycle on the M25 on the morning of May 15?

 * ### The motorcyclist suffered serious injuries and is currently being treated in hospital

 * ### If you saw what happened, or were travelling anti-clockwise near to Junction 17 just before 7am and have a dash cam, we would like to see your footage

Officers investigating a serious collision on the M25 are appealing for information and witnesses, particularly those who have dash cam footage.

It happened just before 7am today (Wednesday, May 15) near to junction 17 for Maple Cross on the anti-clockwise carriageway.

A white DAF lorry, a black Ford Focus and a Triumph Tiger motorcycle were in collision, leaving the motorcyclist - a man in his 30s - with serious injuries. He has been taken to a London hospital for treatment.

The driver of the Ford Focus, a 57-year-old man from London, has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving. He is currently in police custody.

Following the collision, both the clockwise and anti-clockwise carriageways were temporarily closed to allow the air ambulance to land.

Sergeant Martin Kemp, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We have launched an investigation to determine the cause of the collision, and we have already spoken to a number of witnesses at the scene.

"The collision occurred at a time when a lot of people would be making their way to and from work so I am keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or saw either of the vehicles in the lead up to the collision and has not yet spoken to us.

"If you have a dash cam fitted in your vehicle, we would like to view your footage."

If you can help, please report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report quoting ISR 99 of May 15 or Operation Rhone.

Alternatively you can speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat.

This can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
