```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Hitchin are appealing for witnesses and information after graffiti was written on the windows of a property in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 12 May 2020
title: Appeal following graffiti on premises in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-graffiti-on-premises-in-hitchin-0104g
```

* ## PIP Consultation Centre was targeted overnight.

 * ## Graffiti written on the windows.

 * ## Officers are appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident to get in touch.

Officers in Hitchin are appealing for witnesses and information after graffiti was written on the windows of a property in Hitchin.

The damage occurred to the PIP Consultation Centre on Bancroft, overnight between 10pm on Sunday 10 May and 6am on Monday 11 May. Officers are keen to speak to anyone who saw anything suspicious.

Investigating officer, PC Sean McCann said: "We would like to hear from anyone who has any information relating the crime. I understand that this is a difficult time at the moment for people, but defacing property in this way is not helping the situation and will not be tolerated."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Sean McCann directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/36914/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
