```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Hertford have recovered a suspected stolen bicycle and camera and would like to reunite them with their owners.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2018
title: Do you recognise suspected stolen items?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-suspected-stolen-items
```

Police in Hertford have recovered a suspected stolen bicycle and camera and would like to reunite them with their owners.

The yellow and black Scott mountain bike and a Konica Minolta camera were seized following the arrest of a man in Mead Lane yesterday afternoon (Tuesday, April 24).

PC Nicholas Anstead, who is investigating, said: "We would like to reunite these goods with their rightful owners so if you believe any of these items belong to you, please call us on 101 quoting crime reference A1/18/1342."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove tools from your van when left overnight if removal of tools is not possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale online, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.

 **Notes to editors:** A 39-year-old man of no fixed address has been arrested on both suspicion of handling stolen goods and the theft of a pedal cycle. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
