```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men have been arrested following the execution of a number of warrants in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2017
title: More drug related arrests in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/more-drug-related-arrests-in-stevenage-1162E
```

* ### Four arrested for drugs offences in Stevenage

 * ### Operation Scorpion execute three drugs warrants at addresses in the town

 * ### Police act on information and complaints from local residents

Four men have been arrested following the execution of a number of warrants in Stevenage.

On Friday November 17 a warrant was executed at an address at Brent Court following numerous complaints about drug related activity at the property.

A 32 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of Class A drugs and a 55 year old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. Both are from Stevenage.

On Monday November 13, officers from the Operation Scorpion Team forced entry to a property in Shephall View under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

A 26 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being in possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and a 71 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. Both are from Stevenage.

The warrant was obtained after police received numerous complaints and information about drug related activity in Bedwell and Shephall.

A further two warrants were executed at Ely Close this morning (Wednesday November 15). No arrested have been made in connection with this address at this time.

Chief Inspector for Stevenage, Tannis Perks said: "We are aware that many residents in these areas were worried about drug activity and I hope this reassures them that we do take their concerns seriously.

"I would like to thank everyone who has contacted us with information about drug related crime in Stevenage. This information is vital to our on-going work to tackle drug dealing and the associated crime in our town. With your help we can act quickly and effectively. Please continue to report your concerns to us."

Anyone with information regarding drug dealing or related crime is asked to contact the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team via the non-emergency number 101 or online.

If you wish to remain anonymous you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

If you have any concerns about drug misuse and think you or anyone close to you needs help with a drug related issue, contact the drug helpline--Talk to Frank on 0800 776600 talktofrank.com
