```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary officers visited Weston on Saturday 25 January for an event celebrating Village Hall Week.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2020
title: Crime prevention officers attend Weston Village Hall Week
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crime-prevention-officers-attend-weston-village-hall-week-1338
```

* ### Officers visited Weston for Village Hall Week

 * ### They were handing out crime prevention goodies and advice

Hertfordshire Constabulary officers visited Weston on Saturday 25 January for an event celebrating Village Hall Week.

Crime Prevention Officer Darren Cowell was joined by local Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) Chris Brabrook and Watch Liaison Officer Verity Soued for the event in the village hall. They were there giving away free timer switches, purse bells and straps, as well as signing residents up to Neighbourhood Watch and providing crime prevention advice. North East Hertfordshire MP Sir Oliver Heald also attended the event.

Crime Prevention Officer Darren Cowell said: "This event was a great opportunity to meet people in the local community and give them some tips on keeping their homes and property safe. Village Hall Week is all about celebrating local communities and we wanted to speak to people about how being a good neighbour can help protect towns and villages from crime. We signed lots of people up to Neighbourhood Watch schemes, which is a great way to look out for one another and make communities safer and deter criminals."

These are some easy things you can do to keep your home secure this winter:

 * Use timer switches on a lamp, radio or tv set so that they turn on as it gets dark in the afternoons.
 * Make a habit of checking that ground floor windows and doors are closed and locked when you leave the house or go to bed. Upstairs windows should be locked when the house is unoccupied.
 * PVCu doors must be locked by lifting the handle **and turning the key** to ensure all the security features are in place.
 * Car and house keys should be kept out of sight in a safe place. Don't leave them on display on window sills, in porches, hallways or kitchens.
 * Secure your rear garden by shutting and locking any gates. Burglars can use garden tools, like ladders to break in, so make sure you securely lock away any tools after use.

For more crime prevention advice visit: www.herts.police,uk/protectyourhome.
