```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers attended the University of Hertfordshire\u2019s Freshers\u2019 Fair on Friday (27 September) to welcome the new students and provide crime prevention advice."
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2019
title: Officers welcome new students to Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-welcome-new-students-to-hertfordshire-0845
```

* ### Officers attended the University of Hertfordshire's Freshers' Fair on Friday (27 September).

 * ### The Constabulary has a team of officers whose role is to specifically police the University.

 * ### The officers welcomed the new students and provided crime prevention advice.

Officers attended the University of Hertfordshire's Freshers' Fair on Friday (27 September) to welcome the new students and provide crime prevention advice.

The Constabulary has a team of officers whose role is to specifically police the University. They work in partnership with the security teams to ensure that the campuses remain safe.

PC Jenny Edwards, PCSO Mark Randall and PCSO Carl Donovan were on hand on Friday to give advice around a number of issues including drinking responsibly, consent and keeping valuables safe. They were joined by officers from the Community Safety Unit and the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

In addition, they gave information around 'The Student Voice' - a new platform that allows students to share their opinions about policing. The platform is part of the Constabulary's new public feedback service called echo.

PC Jenny Edwards said: "I would like to wish all the students lots of fun and success as they begin this new adventure. University should be fun and exciting but it's important that you stay safe while you're having fun and that's why we're here to help make your time at university as safe as possible.

"Please let us know what matters most to you as a student in Hertfordshire by using The Student Voice. You can give us instant anonymous feedback about crime at anytime by using echo. You can also text 66099 and use the keyword 'StudentVoice'. Having your say helps to shape how we address local issues, making Hertfordshire a safer place to live and study."

For more information about the University of Hertfordshire policing team, including how to contact them, and tips to stay safe, visit here.
