```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following a burglary in Berkhamsted.
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2019
title: Witness appeal following burglary in Berkhamsted
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-burglary-in-berkhamsted-0960
```

* ### A property in Little Gaddesden was broken into.

 * ### A red Jaguar F Pace was stolen, as well as other items.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for information following a burglary in Berkhamsted.

The incident happened on Monday 7 October, between 7.20am and 7.30pm, in The Grovells, Little Gaddesden. The victim returned home to find that their property had been broken into via the rear patio door, which was damaged.

An untidy search was conducted and multiple items were stolen, including a Sonor Soundbar, a watch, jewellery and three sets of car keys.

A red Jaguar F Pace was stolen from the driveway.

Investigator Lisa Brown, who is investigating the case, said: "We are appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and thinks that they may have seen the incident take place, or has any information that they believe could assist our investigation to get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact Investigator Brown directly via email at _lisa.brown@herts.pnn.police.uk_

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/90973/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
