```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged affray in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following alleged affray in The Galleria
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-affray-in-the-galleria-1539b
```

* ## The incident happened in The Galleria on Friday 24 January at around 5.50pm.

 * ## Two women were allegedly involved in physical altercation.

 * ## A woman has been arrested on suspicion of affray.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged affray in Hatfield.

The incident happened in The Galleria on Friday 24 January.

At around 5.50pm, the victim - a woman in her thirties, was outside McDonalds when the suspect, also a woman, reportedly took hold of her hood and a physical altercation ensued.

The suspect then exited the building and re-entered using a different entrance. A further physical altercation involving the same suspect and victim is then alleged to have taken place outside Burger King.

Assistant Investigator Jayne Davidson said: "We've arrested a 38 year old woman on suspicion of affray. She has been released under investigation while we continue our enquiries and I am now asking for the public's help.

"Were you in The Galleria when this happened? Did you see the incident or the events leading up to it?

"Any information you have or anything you saw, no matter how insignificant it might seem, could be really useful for the investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/7353/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
