```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a bike was stolen in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2021
title: Appeal following bike theft in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-bike-theft-in-hatfield-1182
```

* ### A dark red Carrera x Fire was stolen from outside a house in Bishops Rise

 * ### It happened at around 1.30am on Friday (5 February)

 * ### The two suspects made off towards Garden Avenue and Cherry Way

 * ### If you can help, call 101 or email PC Elena Devine at elena.devine@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/8603/21

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a bike was stolen in Hatfield.

At around 1.30am on Friday (5 February), two offenders stole a dark red Carrera x Fire from outside a house in Bishops Rise. They then made off towards the Garden Avenue and Cherry Way area.

The suspects are described as young and slim and were wearing all black, with hoods up.

PC Elena Devine, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or anyone with information, to get in touch.

"The bike was chained to a metal pipe and it's believed the offenders used an angle grinder or something similar to remove the lock. It's likely that this was very noisy so I'm hopeful that it would have caught the attention of those nearby. Did you hear or see something suspicious? Please get in touch if so.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who thinks they have seen the bike or been offered it for sale. It has quick release wheels and a light on the handlebars. It doesn't have any other lights, just reflectors. If you think you've spotted it, get in contact so we can hopefully find it.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at elena.devine@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/8603/21."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.
