```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment for an attempted burglary in Potters Bar at St Albans Crown Court on Monday (March 12).
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2018
title: Potters Bar burglar sentenced
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Potters-Bar-burglar-sentenced-1787J
```

* ### 12 months imprisonment for attempted burglar.

 * ### Quick-thinking member of the public alerted police.

 * ### Please call us if you see anyone acting suspiciously on 101 - 999 if a crime is in progress.

A man was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment for an attempted burglary in Potters Bar at St Albans Crown Court on Monday (March 12).

A quick-thinking member of the public alerted police after seeing two men acting suspiciously in Elmfield Road on Tuesday December 22, 2017.

Alexander Prentice, age 26, of no fixed abode, was arrested in Baker Street, with another man who was acquitted of going equipped for burglary due to lack of evidence.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe said: "We were able to arrest Prentice thanks to a member of the public who thought the men were acting suspiciously. Their quick-thinking helped prevent Potters Bar residents being burgled just before Christmas last year. Prentice will now spend his summer behind bars."

He added: "My message to burglars is that you are not welcome in Hertsmere. My officers will take robust action to tackle offenders and they will respond to calls from vigilant residents in the local community. Please continue to report suspicious activity to us - we would prefer to be called about a false alarm than miss an opportunity to catch a criminal."

If you see a crime in progress, call 999. If reporting something retrospectively, call the non-emergency number on 101.

Hertfordshire Constabulary advises residents to:

 * invest in additional security measures including house alarms, CCTV and web-based security cameras and doorbells,
 * securely lock PVCu doors and shut all windows when you go out or go to bed and give your home the 'lived-in' look.
 * as jewellery has been targeted in some offences, make sure you keep valuable or sentimental jewellery securely locked away and out of sight, especially when you go on holiday.
 * securely lock away gardening equipment in garages or sheds;
 * join Neighbourhood Watch where you will receive free emails about crime in your local area and report any suspicious behaviour via 101 or the webchat facility on our website
 * If you see a burglary in progress, dial 999. If you are reporting a burglary or another crime retrospectively, dial 101.

Sentenced: Alexander Prentice
