```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A number of early morning warrants have been executed at addresses in North Herts, Bedfordshire and Peterborough this morning (Thursday 12 December) as part of an intensive, intelligence led, covert operation, targeting county lines drug and gang activity
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2019
title: Early morning warrants executed in North Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/early-morning-warrants-executed-in-north-herts-1162g
```

* ## Six addresses targeted in early morning warrants.

 * ## Eighty officers involved in the operation which was the culmination of months of investigative activity in to drug and gang crime.

 * ## Three people arrested.

More than 80 officers were involved in the operation which was the culmination of months of investigative activity.

A 41 year old man from Baldock was arrested at an address in Goffsmill in Peterborough, on suspicion of possession of a firearm.

A 37 year old woman and a 40 year old man were arrested at an address in Regent Street in Stotfold on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and neglect of a child.

All are currently in custody at Stevenage Police Station.

DI Mark Clawson from the Operational Intelligence Team said: "I would like to thank the local residents for their patience and support during this morning's activity and reassure people that this was a targeted operation which had been planned for many weeks. The investigation is ongoing."

Chief Inspector Sally Phillips added: "We are committed to tackling drug crime in North Herts and today's action is just one example of the wider work we are doing.

"I know that this type of crime is a big concern within our communities and my Safer Neighbourhood officers continue to liaise with local residents, listen to their concerns and act on information that is provided. This intelligence is vital to our work, as it enables us to build a better picture of the issues we are facing. I would also like to reassure residents that even if they don't see us, we are often utilising covert methods to track down those who cause most harm to our communities."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this or any other area please contact 101 or report online.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
