```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following Autism Awareness week earlier this month (April), officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Joint Protective Services Command welcomed a boy from Letchworth who lives with the condition.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2019
title: Raising awareness of Autism
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/raising-awareness-of-autism-0139
```

* ### JPS Officers welcome local boy living with Autism

 * ### It follows Autism Awareness Week

 * ### Alfie and his Dad meet with the RPU, APU and Dog Unit

Following Autism Awareness week earlier this month (April), officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Joint Protective Services Command welcomed a boy from Letchworth who lives with the condition.

Alfie Aldridge, who is 11 years old, and his Dad, Gary, met with officers from the BCH JPS Road Policing Unit, Dog Unit and Armed Policing Unit on 18th April.

Autism is a lifelong, developmental disability that affects how a person communicates with and relates to other people, and how they experience the world around them.

Alfie recently hit the national headlines having become a model for a number of high street brands. He had faced some struggles at school due to his autism but found the modelling has helped him and he has become more confident.

Alfie got to meet with the officers, see a car, a bike and a police puppy at Stevenage and then spent time with the Armed Policing Unit at Luton. It was a chance for him and his Dad to understand more about the policing world whilst also discussing what it is like to live with the condition.

Gary said: "It was great for Alfie to be able to come and meet the officers and the police puppy. He really does love the police and it was good to be able to share information with them about people who have Autism.

"He has even more respect for the police and he has since shared his experience with his friends in school and will continue to talk to others about the positive work you do.

"We would like to thank everyone who was involved in making the visit so special."

ACC for JPS, Paul Fullwood, said: "Some great work is already being carried out by the forces to raise awareness of Autism and I am pleased we were able to support the visit by Alfie to see some of our specialist units and for him to hear about the great work we do."
