```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Volunteer Police Cadets from Hertsmere took to the streets to offer crime prevention advice to residents in Borehamwood in the run up to Christmas.
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2019
title: Cadets offer crime prevention advice in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cadets-offer-crime-prevention-advice-in-borehamwood-1200j
```

* ## The cadets visited around 400 homes.

 * ## They offered crime prevention advice on a range of topics.

 * ## More than 100 people signed up to the Constabulary's community messaging service.

Volunteer Police Cadets from Hertsmere took to the streets to offer crime prevention advice to residents in Borehamwood in the run up to Christmas.

Eighteen cadets from the group spent four hours talking to people who were out and about and knocked on almost 400 doors.

They gave advice on a range of topics including how to prevent homes from being targeted by burglars and keeping belongings safe while out shopping.

The cadets also signed up just over 100 people to the Constabulary's free community messaging system. This allows residents to receive emails about local crime information, crime prevention advice and other messages about how to get involved in setting the local policing priorities. For more information, or to sign up, visit.

PC Jake Pike, who leads the Hertsmere cadets, said: "These young people are a real credit to the local community. It was heartening to see them give up their spare time to help others by offering crime prevention advice.

"The visits were well received by local residents and we look forward to holding similar events in future."

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

For further information, or for information on how to join, visit.
