```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to be vigilant when using cash machines in the county, following the discovery of a scamming device.
publish:
  date: 7 May 2020
title: Warning after scam device found on ATM
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-after-scam-device-found-on-atm-0082
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to be vigilant when using cash machines in the county, following the discovery of a scamming device.

The device was discovered fitted to an ATM in Kings Langley. The device was fitted to the cash dispenser on the ATM, so that the cash falls into a 'trap' and appears not to be dispensed.

Members of the public going to the cash machine to withdraw money, will not receive the cash and will probably assume the machine has malfunctioned. Once the victims has walked the offenders can then retrieve the 'trap' with the cash inside.

Inspector Nicola Dean from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit said: "As well as all the usual precautions we take when withdrawing cash, like shielding the keypad, when typing in your PIN, you should always examine the machine before use. If anything looks out of place or it has any parts which appear to have been added, do not use it and report your suspicions to the bank. If the machine fails to return your card or any cash you have withdrawn, you should contact the police on our non-emergency number 101 and your bank to inform them."

Please take the following precautions when using cash machines:

 * Always look closely at the card insertion point of a cash machine before using it. If it looks like it may have been tampered with, do not use it.
 * If you realise the machine has been tampered with after you have inserted your card, call your bank while still standing at the cash machine if it is safe to do so.
 * Always shield your hand when entering your PIN into a cash point keypad.
 * If the machine retains your card or fails to dispense cash you have withdrawn, without a suitable explanation message on the screen, contact the police on our non-emergency number 101 and your bank immediately.
