```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A third person has been arrested in connection with a fatal stabbing that happened in Hemel Hempstead yesterday.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2018
title: Third person arrested in connection with Hemel Hempstead murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Third-person-arrested-in-connection-with-Hemel-Hempstead-murder-1788MD
```

* ### A third person has been arrested in connection with a fatal stabbing that happened in Hemel Hempstead yesterday

 * ### Police were called at 2.21am on Tuesday, March 13 to Saturn Way, Hemel Hempstead, following reports of a stabbing

 * ### Anyone with information should contact police on 101, quoting ISR 23 of March 13.

A third person has been arrested in connection with a fatal stabbing that happened in Hemel Hempstead yesterday.

A 43 year old man, of no fixed address, has been arrested today on suspicion of assisting an offender and perverting the course of justice. The man remains in custody at this time.

Police were called at 2.21am on Tuesday, March 13 to Saturn Way, Hemel Hempstead, following reports of a stabbing.

The victim, a man, was treated by paramedics but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit launched a murder investigation and are working to establish the exact circumstances around the incident.

The victim's family are currently being supported by specialist officers from the Major Crime Unit.

 * A 40 year old woman from Tring was arrested yesterday on suspicion of murder. She remains in police custody at this time.
 * A 37 year old woman from Hemel Hempstead was arrested yesterday on suspicion of murder. She remains in police custody at this time.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 25 of March 13.
