```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged assault in Turnford.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2021
title: Appeal for witnesses following alleged assault in Turnford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-alleged-assault-in-turnford-1211k
```

* ### The incident occurred at College Stores.

 * ### Police would like to trace a member of the public who intervened.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged assault in Turnford.

The incident occurred at College Stores, on Nunsbury Drive, sometime between 9.50am and 10am on Wednesday 17 February.

It was reported that an altercation occurred between two men, one of whom was also allegedly threatened with a glass bottle. No one was injured.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Lotty Lewis said: "It is believed that a member of the public intervened and assisted the victim. We are very keen to trace this person, as it's likely they will have vital information to assist our investigation. We would also like to hear from anyone else who saw what happened."

Anyone with any information is asked to email DC Lewis.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/11821/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

• A 27-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the investigation and has been released on police bail while enquiries continue.
