```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released an image of a bike which has been found in Hitchin, in a bid to reunite it with its owner.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2018
title: "Is this your missing bike? \u2013 Hitchin"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/is-this-your-missing-bike-hitchin-1802G
```

* ### The blue and white Apollo Radar bike was found in Sun Street on Saturday, September 15 at around 11.30pm.

 * ### If you've believe it's yours call PC Charlotte Boot on 101, or email her at _charlotte.boot@herts.pnn.police.uk_

 * ### There are a number of simple measures you can take to deter opportunist thieves from stealing your bike.

Officers have released an image of a bike which has been found in Hitchin, in a bid to reunite it with its owner.

The blue and white Apollo Radar bike was found in Sun Street on Saturday, September 15 at around 11.30pm.

PC Charlotte Boot, said: "Do you recognise this bike? It is not known at this stage whether the bike is lost or stolen but we are keen to reunite it with its owner.

"If you believe the bike belongs to you, please get in touch by calling 101, or email me. Aternatively, if you have information about what happened to the bike, we'd like to hear from you.

"There are a number of simple things you can do to deter opportunist thieves from stealing your bike:

 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen or contact your local cycle shop, as most will mark them for a small cost. You can _contact us_ for advice on other property marking initiatives available.
 * Register your bike free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.
 * Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into the newsagents.
 * The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.
 * Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
