```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Christmas came early to elderly residents across Hertfordshire as Operation Christmas Cop returned at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2018
title: Operation Christmas Cop returns to Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-christmas-cop-returns-to-hertfordshire-2254
```

* ### The Christmas Cop scheme was launched in 2015.

 * ### Gifts were delivered to elderly residents in Hertfordshire.

 * ### Police cadets held fundraising events to purchase the gifts.

Christmas came early to elderly residents across Hertfordshire as Operation Christmas Cop returned at the weekend.

The scheme was launched by St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets in 2015, to provide gifts for those who need a little extra cheer during the festive season.

On Saturday (December 15), cadets from St Albans, Watford and Broxbourne were joined by Christmas Cop, RAPPAW* dog Lexi and Police Support Volunteer Pauline to deliver Christmas gifts to nine residents across the county.

The cadets had been raising funds throughout the year to purchase individual gifts for older members of the community who have been victims of crime and will be alone over the holidays.

Inspector Steve Alison, who leads the St Albans and Harpenden Cadets, said: "We launched Operation Christmas Cop in 2015 and the project has gone from strength to strength ever since. At this busy time of year, it's easy to forget that, unfortunately, there are people out there who are less fortunate than others so we wanted to do something to help bring a little happiness.

"I'd like to say a big thank you to all the cadets and volunteers who once again gave up their time to take part in this project and a special thank you in particular to Samantha Keepence, for wrapping up all the gifts."

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

To find out more about the scheme or to apply to join, visit www.herts.police.uk/cadets _._ _
_
