```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an unprovoked assault in Hertford which left a man with head and facial injuries.
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2019
title: Did you witness assault in Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-hertford-0719
```

* ### The incident occurred in Fore Street.

 * ### The victim was left with head and facial injuries.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an unprovoked assault in Hertford which left a man with head and facial injuries.

The incident occurred in Fore Street, sometime between 3am and 3.20am on Saturday 24 August.

The victim, a 26-year-old man, was returning to an address after seeing some friends off in a taxi.

He was approached by a group of three or four men, who cornered and assaulted him. He suffered a deep laceration to the head and bruising to his face which required hospital treatment.

The men then got into a black vehicle, possibly a taxi, and left the area.

Detective Constable Narinder Padda, from the Hertford Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim has no recollection of what happened and was unable to get a description of the offenders. Thankfully he was assisted by members of the public who were in the area at the time, who have described the suspects as being aged in their early 20s, of tall and muscular build.

"Our enquiries are continuing and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened and hasn't yet spoken to police to please come forward. I would also like to hear from anyone who may know the identities of the people responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Padda via email to narinder.padda@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/76671/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
