```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a sexual assault in Watford have released an e-fit of a suspect they would like to identify.
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2020
title: E-fit released following sexual assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/e-fit-released-following-sexual-assault-in-watford-1242c
```

* ## On Sunday 15 December, a 26 year old woman was walking along St Albans Road towards Watford Junction railway station, when the offender stopped his bicycle next to her.

 * ## The offender attempted to grab her bottom but missed and grabbed her leg.

 * ## Police have now released an e-fit of a suspect they would like to speak to.

Police investigating a sexual assault in Watford have released an e-fit of a suspect they would like to identify.

At around 7.20pm on Sunday 15 December, the victim - a 26 year old woman, was walking along St Albans Road towards Watford Junction railway station, when the offender stopped his bicycle next to her.

The offender attempted to grab her bottom but missed and grabbed her leg.

The assault happened by the bus stop on the bridge, next to the alleyway that leads to the railway station. The offender followed the victim through the alleyway for a short distance, verbally abusing her before cycling away.

The offender is described as black, around 5ft 8in tall, of a stocky build and aged in his late thirties or forties. He was wearing a green parka hooded jacket, black tracksuit bottoms and spoke with a distinctive accent.

Detective Constable Jon Holmes, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, the victim was left shaken by what happened and we are doing all we can to trace the offender. Do you recognise this man? If you think you do, please don't hesitate to get in touch.

"I am also keen to hear from witnesses of the assault. Did you see it take place? Or did you see the offender cycling away? He was riding a red mountain bike. If you did see, please let us know as you could have vital information.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/112410/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
