```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Tuesday, February 20) been convicted by a jury of raping three children.
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: Man convicted of 10 counts of rape
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-convicted-of-10-counts-of-rape-1665
```

* ### Philip Parker, aged 63, has been convicted of 10 counts of non-recent rape.

 * ### His abuse spanned over more than three decades and occurred while he was living in Letchworth and Essex.

 * ### After years of silence his victims, who are now adults, were brave enough to come forward and speak to police.

 * ### Parker will be sentenced on April 3 at St Albans Crown Court.

A man has today (Tuesday, February 20) been convicted by a jury of raping three children.

Sixty three year old Philip Parker's abuse spanned over more than three decades between 1968 and 2004 and occurred while he was living in Letchworth and Essex.

He was arrested in 2015 and subsequently charged with 10 offences of rape.

Following a three week trial Parker, of Coopers Villas, Takeley in Essex, was convicted of all offences by a jury at St Albans Crown Court.

He has been remanded in custody and is due to be sentenced at the same court on April 3.

Detective Sergeant Rebecca Crudgington from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Children Protection and Investigation team said: "Parker abused his position of trust to rape these children over a long period of time. He told two of his terrified victims that he would kill them if they told anyone about what he was doing to them.

"Parker probably thought he had got away with his horrendous crimes. However, after years of silence his brave victims, who are now adults, have found the strength to come forward and speak to specialist police officers, which enabled us to build a case and arrest Parker.

"Throughout the trial Parker has not shown any remorse for what he has done.

"Although nothing can change what happened to these women, I hope that today's verdict helps them in some way to move forward with their lives.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary takes all allegations of sexual assault seriously no matter how long ago the offences occurred and we have officers who are specially trained to deal with victims of these types of crimes.

"Those who have been a victim of sexual abuse or sexual violence and do not wish to speak to police directly can contact the independent Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org."
