```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to three attempted burglaries that happened in Hatfield at the end of last year.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2019
title: Man jailed following attempted burglaries in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-following-attempted-burglaries-in-Hatfield-2497MD
```

A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to three attempted burglaries that happened in Hatfield at the end of last year.

Bryn Caddy, aged 36 and of Dellfield Road, Hatfield, was sentenced to three years and four months at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, February 1.

On Saturday, December 1, Caddy tried opening the door handle of a property in Chelwood Avenue before making off on foot.

Caddy also tried gaining access to the same property in Chelwood Avenue on Thursday, December 20.

On Saturday, December 1, Caddy attempted to gain access to a property in Lockley Crescent.

Following enquiries, he was arrested on Saturday, December 22 by the Operation Scorpion Team*.

PC Angela Wilcox, from the Operation Scorpion Team, said: "I hope this sentence reassures people that we will do all we can to trace those responsible for committing crimes in Welwyn Hatfield and bring them to justice.

"If you spot suspicious activity in your area, please never hesitate to report it to us. Remember, if a crime is in action or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away.

"Caddy was identified after being caught on home CCTV. This is a great way to help protect your property from being targeted and you can find a number of other tips on how to help keep your home secure on our website at www.herts.police.uk."

*Operation Scorpion officers work in a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime - such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences - by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.
