```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been sentenced to three years and nine months in prison after being found guilty of a dwelling burglary.
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2020
title: Woman jailed for burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-jailed-for-burglary-1382
```

* ### Tracey Southgate, 50, was sentenced to 3 years and 9 months in prison.

 * ### Southgate entered the address of a vulnerable elderly man under the pretence of being his new carer.

 * ### The key to his back door was stolen, and the security chain had been removed.

A woman has been sentenced to three years and nine months in prison after being found guilty of a dwelling burglary.

Tracey Southgate, aged 50 and of Maytrees, Hitchin, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 31 January, where she pleaded guilty to one count of theft and one count of burglary dwelling.

On Thursday 10 October, Southgate entered the address of a vulnerable 90-year-old man in Hitchin, pretending to be his new carer.

When she was challenged by the victim, she said she would go out to her car to get her ID. She then left the address and didn't return. The victim later found that the key to his back door had been stolen, and the chain had been removed.

Detective Constable Michael Hardiman, who investigated the case, said: "This was a despicable crime on an extremely vulnerable victim. Southgate took advantage of an elderly male, who has dementia, and stole the key to his property with the intention of later returning to steal from him. I hope she uses her time in prison to reflect on her actions, and to think about the extreme distress she caused the victim.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the public for their help with our appeals for information following the incident, as it enabled us to identify Southgate as the suspect. Your assistance is invaluable to us - whether you're simply liking and sharing our appeals, or contacting us with information that you think could assist our investigation, we are always grateful for your support."

During sentencing, the Judge said: "You tricked a 90-year-old man. You pretended to be his carer. You targeted him because of his vulnerability. I have no doubt that it was your intention to return and do a more complete job of stealing from him."
