```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 52 year old man from Anstey has been found guilty of fraud following a trial at St Albans Crown Court.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2019
title: Mustang Fraud Case
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Mustang-Fraud-Case-2801G
```

* Man sentenced after selling a Mustang three times
 * Robert Ellis appeared at St Albans Crown Court on March 22 charged with four offences of fraud by false representation.
 * Detectives have been investigating since 2016

A 52 year old man from Anstey has been found guilty of fraud following a trial at St Albans Crown Court.

Robert Ellis of Castle Cottages was arrested on December 6, 2016 on suspicion of conspiracy to commit fraud and money laundering. He was subsequently charged with four offences of fraud by false representation following a protracted inquiry into his business dealings.

The first offence took place between July 2013 and October 2013, in which time the Ellis sold a Ford Mustang car for £30,575. He then failed to deliver that car and instead re-sold the vehicle to another customer for £29,000.

The next offence took place between May 2014 and October 2015 in which time Ellis sold a six foot model aircraft for £1450.37 and then also failed to deliver it.

The final offence took place between March 1, 2016 and June 6, 2016, during which time Ellis sold a Ford Mustang car for £30,000 but again failed to deliver it, instead making a false crime report stating that the car had been stolen.

Appearing at St Albans Crown Court on Friday March 22, Ellis was given a two year sentence suspended for 18 months. He also has to do 240 hours unpaid work.

Commenting on the case, investigating officer Detective Dave Quinn said: "We are all very pleased that this case has finally come to court. It was an extremely complicated and involved investigation, but we were determined to get some sort of recompense for the victims, who had invested vast sums of money in goods that never materialised.

"I also hope it sends a clear message to others who may think that committing these types of crime via online selling sites is an easy con - we take this type of crime very seriously and we will investigate fully."
