```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CConsider installing a timer switch, ask a neighbour to park on your drive if you are away for a few days or on holiday and ask a neighbour to make sure your post is pushed properly through the letter box,\u201D said St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick."
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2017
title: Tackling burglary in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tackling-burglary-st-albans
```

* ### Officers in St Albans offer crime prevention advice.

 * ### Securely lock all windows and doors.

 * ### Consider installing a timer switch.

"Consider installing a timer switch, ask a neighbour to park on your drive if you are away for a few days or on holiday and ask a neighbour to make sure your post is pushed properly through the letter box," said St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick. "Try to ensure parcels are not left on your doorstep by arranging for delivery when you are home or ask for them to be left with a neighbour. Offenders don't like dogs so anything that gives them the impression that there is a dog at the address is a deterrent."

These are just some of the quick and easy crime prevention tips residents can follow to help reduce the chances of them being a burglary victim, as well as the obvious - securely **locking all windows and doors**.

She said: "We have stepped up high-visibility patrols and will be visiting homes which have previously been burgled to help prevent the usual burglary spike we see at this time of year - and the unprecedented rise we saw in St Albans the year before last, in October 2015."

She continued: "It can take less than five minutes for a burglary to take place and most burglaries occur between 12 midday and 8pm. But the good news is that the majority of burglaries could be prevented by occupants locking windows and doors and giving their homes the 'lived in' look. I'd also encourage residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) at http://www.owl.co.uk/ to receive free emails about crimes happening in your area with relevant crime prevention advice."

She added: "It's better for everyone if we can prevent the burglary in the first place. Although I take great pleasure in my teams arresting burglars, I would prefer residents to not have been a victim of crime in the first place. The thought of someone in your home can be very upsetting and some personal possessions with sentimental value are irreplaceable. Let's work together to make burglars unwelcome in the district and please call **999** if you suspect a burglary is in progress."
