```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 16 year old boy from St Albans who punched and kicked another teenager in Verulamium Park causing him to lose consciousness has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2018
title: Verulamium Park stabbing - sentencing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Verulamium-Park-stabbing-sentencing-2264
```

A 16 year old boy from St Albans who punched and kicked another teenager in Verulamium Park causing him to lose consciousness has been jailed.

The offender took part in the assault with his friend - a 15 year old boy, also from St Albans, who during the same incident on June 15 stabbed another victim with a 10 inch knife.

The 15 year old offender, who was found guilty of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH), possession of a bladed article and Actual Bodily Harm (ABH) by a jury at St Albans Crown Court on November 28, had his sentence date postponed today (December 19) to January 25.

The 16 year old offender, who was also convicted by a jury last month, was jailed today at St Albans Crown Court for up to 12 months. He must serve a minimum of six months behind bars before being considered for release under strict terms.

The Judge described him as a 'coward' who has shown no remorse and is at high risk for re-offending.

The stabbing victim - a 16 year old boy - had to be air lifted to hospital for emergency surgery to repair his gallbladder and stomach. He had also suffered a laceration to his scalp that required treatment.

The assault victim - also a 16 year old boy - suffered concussion.

St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates said: "The stabbing victim was lucky to survive this horrendous and violent attack and no doubt the traumatic events of that day will stay with both of the young victims and their families for the rest of their lives.

"The domino effect of violent crime is far reaching and these serious convictions will stay with the teenage offenders for the rest of their lives. Their own families will have also suffered the heartache of seeing their loved ones go through the criminal justice system, stand trial and be sentenced.

"News of this attack also had an impact on the wider community who were shocked to hear of young people in St Albans carrying knives and using them to hurt others.

"We are continuing to work with our partners, including schools and colleges, to talk to young people about the dangers and consequences of carrying knives.

"I'd urge parents to also speak to their children about knife crime and be aware of where they are going and what they're doing."

** **

 * **If you are worried that someone you know may be carrying a knife or are affected by knife crime yourself, there is information, help and support available atwww.knifefree.co.uk.**

 * **To report information about knife carrying to police please call 101 or report information online atwww.herts.police.uk/report. If a crime is in progress always dial 999.**
