```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a fatal collision on the A414 at Cole Green yesterday (Monday 27 January).
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following fatal collision on A414 Cole Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-fatal-collision-on-a414-cole-green-1343
```

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a fatal collision on the A414 at Cole Green yesterday (Monday 27 January).

The collision happened at around 3.45pm and involved one vehicle.

For reasons unknown at this time, a white Peugeot Partner left the carriageway and collided with foliage and fencing.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services, the driver, a man in his sixties, sadly died at the scene.

Sergeant Tom Daly, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "My thoughts are with the loved ones of the driver as this very difficult time. We are appealing for the public's help so that we can give them some answers.

"Did you see the collision or events leading up to it? Perhaps you caught what happened on dash cam?

"If you saw what happened or have information or dash cam footage that could help the investigation, please don't hesitate to get in touch.

"You can get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 543 of January 27 or by emailing me at _tom.daly@herts.pnn.police.uk_."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
