```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Abbots Langley have released images of two suspects they would like to trace.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2019
title: CCTV appeal following an aggravated burglary - Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-an-aggravated-burglary-abbots-langley-0054
```

* ### Do you recognise the people pictured?

 * ### We would like to trace them in connection with an aggravated burglary in Abbots Langley

 * ### If you know them, please contact police quoting reference 41/26377/19

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Abbots Langley have released images of two suspects they would like to trace.

The burglary happened in Hazelwood Lane just before 2.45pm on Thursday, March 21.

The victim, a woman, was the only occupant inside the house at the time. The two offenders forced entry to the property and threatened her with a weapon before taking a safe from inside.

They got into a black Citroen Berlingo van, pictured, and drove off in the direction of Hunton Bridge.

Detective Constable Rob King, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We are following a number of lines of enquiry however we have chosen to release the images of the suspects leaving the scene because we believe someone out there will know who they are.

"This incident left the victim understandably shaken and we are doing all we can to trace those responsible.

"If you recognise these men, or have any further information that could assist us in our investigation, please make contact with us as soon as possible."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC King on _robert.king@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/26377/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
