```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2018
title: "Appeal after safe was stolen during burglary \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-safe-was-stolen-during-burglary-HemelHempstead-1526D
```

* ### Safe containing wallet, cash and sentimental documents stolen from property in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### It happened in Reddings between Christmas and New Year.

 * ### Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area at the time? Please call 101 quoting D1/18/30.

Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Reddings sometime between Friday, December 22, 2017 and Tuesday, January 2.

Between these times, offender(s) entered the property and took a safe containing a wallet and cash belonging to the victim's late husband plus a number of sentimental documents.

The victim, a lady in her 70s, was not staying at the property at the time of the burglary.

Detective Constable Laura Brine, from the Hemel Hempstead Local Crime Unit, said: "This is a particularly upsetting crime due to the fact the safe contained a wallet belonging to the victim's late husband who died last year.

"The wallet contained his last £90 that the victim was keeping just in case she ever needed it. The safe also contained sentimental documents from the couple's life together. She is absolutely distraught by this crime and I would urge the person or people who did this to do the right thing and hand themselves in.

"Have you seen a safe abandoned anywhere near the scene, or elsewhere in the town? It was a small, free-standing but heavy safe with a dial on the front. Perhaps you have seen some documents dumped somewhere?

"Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area during the time stated? I appreciate some time has passed since the incident but any information at all, however insignificant it may seem, could be vital to our investigation."

If you have any information that may assist officers, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/18/30, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
