```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a dog attack in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following dog attack in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-dog-attack-in-hemel-hempstead-1952
```

* ### Police are investigating a dog attack in Adeyfield, Hemel Hempstead, and are appealing for witnesses and information

 * ### It happened at the entrance to the Nickey Line, next to the Midland Hotel, at 4pm on Thursday, October 4

 * ### It involved a grey Chihuahua Poodle cross and a black Alsation-type dog

Officers investigating a dog attack in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Adeyfield Road, at the entrance to the Nickey Line footpath next to The Midland Hotel, at 4pm on Thursday, October 4.

The victim, a woman, was walking her dog - a grey Chihuahua and Poodle cross - when a man with a large black Alsatian-type dog wearing a studded collar approached them.

The larger dog lunged at the Chihuahua Poodle cross, taking it in its mouth and shaking it before its owner forced it to stop.

The victim's dog ran away and she went to catch it before turning back to speak to the man with the large dog in order to exchange details. However he had left the area.

The man is described as white, aged in his 30s or 40s, with fair hair. He is approximately 6ft tall and of medium build.

The victim immediately took her dog to the vet, where sadly it later had to be euthanised due to the severity of its injuries.

PC Jade Ryan, who is investigating, said: "This has been a deeply distressing incident for the owner, who had to watch her beloved pet be attacked and then say goodbye to them at the vets later that day.

"I am urging anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident, and saw or heard anything unusual, to please make contact with me as soon as possible. Do you recognise the description of the large dog? Could it possibly belong to a friend or neighbour of yours?

"Any witnesses or anyone with information can contact me on _jade.ryan2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/43565/18."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at
