```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a distraction theft in Radlett.
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following distraction theft in Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-distraction-theft-in-radlett-0644
```

* ### An elderly woman was targeted by thieves yesterday

 * ### Did you see distraction theft in Radlett?

 * ### We're appealing for witnesses

Yesterday (Thursday 17 September) at around 11.45am, the victim was paying for her car parking fee in Newberries car park, off Watling Street.

She was approached by two men who told her that the machine was broken, and led her to a different machine in the middle of the car park and said she had to pay by card. They then took her card without her realising, and left in a white vehicle.

PC Conor Eggenton, who is investigating, said: "This incident was clearly a targeted attack on a vulnerable, elderly victim. It is disgraceful that there are people out there who will take advantage of others in this nature for their own personal gain. A woman in her 70s has now been left out of pocket, as well as being understandably distressed.

"It was reported by the victim that, shortly after the incident, a man approached her to check if she was ok. We think that man may have some information that could assist our investigation, and would appeal for him to get in contact with us.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind people to always be mindful when using cashpoints and parking machines. Make sure you're aware of anyone who may be around you, as they may be trying to distract you or looking over your shoulder. Remember to always shield your hand when typing your pin number into the keypad, and always check the card insertion point of the machines before using them.

"Most importantly, if you see someone behaving suspiciously around a cashpoint or parking machine, or have reason to believe a it has been tampered with, please report it to us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information can contact PC Eggenton directly via email at conor.eggenton@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/74659/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
