```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a theft in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal following theft in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-theft-in-stevenage-1041
```

* ### On Friday 8 November a woman had her shopping bag stolen.

 * ### The incident happened in a charity shop in Stevenage town centre.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a theft in Stevenage.

On Friday 8 November, at around 3pm, an elderly woman had her shopping bag stolen whilst she was in a charity shop in the town centre.

Detective Constable Georgia Andrews, who is investigating, said: "We have made an arrest in connection with the investigation, but unfortunately we have been unable to identify the victim.

"We'd like to re-unite her with her belongings, so if you were the woman who had your bag stolen, or if you think you may know her, please get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact DC Andrews directly via email at Georgia.Andrews@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/101161/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.

 * A 41-year-old man from Stevenage was arrested on suspicion of theft. He has since been released under investigation.
