```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision on the outskirts of Tring.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2020
title: Did you witness a fatal collision near Tring?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-a-fatal-collision-near-tring-0024d
```

* ## Police are appealing for information following a fatal crash on the outskirts of Tring.

 * ## A car collided with a motorcycle where the rider - a man in his 60s - sadly died. The driver remained at the scene and wasn't seriously uninjured.

 * ## Anyone who may have information are encouraged to call 101, quoting ISR 540, 5 April 2020.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision on the outskirts of Tring.

The incident happened just after 4pm on Sunday 5 April on the A4251, near to the junction with Cow Lane.

A blue Fiat 500 and a blue Triumph motorcycle collided, and the rider of the motorcycle - a man in his 60s - sadly passed away at the scene. His next of kin are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers.

The male driver of the car was not seriously injured. He remained at the scene.

PC Carl Callan, from the Serious Collisions Investigation Unit, is investigating. He said: "Our thoughts remain with the victim's family at this very sad and difficult time.

"If you saw what happened or passed just after the incident and have not yet spoken to police, please get in touch.

"We would particularly like to speak to the driver of a small dark-coloured hatchback which was seen travelling away from Tring, as they may have vital information that could help our investigation.

"If you were travelling in the area around the time of the incident and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please check your footage to see if you captured either the Fiat or the motorcycle prior to the collision. Please make contact with us if you think you have recorded anything significant."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Callan directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference ISR 540 of 5 April 2020. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
