```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Sixteen new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday, November 8.
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2018
title: Sixteen new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sixteen-new-special-constables-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-2062ALL
```

* ### Sixteen new volunteer Special Constables join Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary.

 * ### They have completed an 11 week training course and have the same powers as regular officers.

 * ### If you'd like to join, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk.

Sixteen new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday, November 8.

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

During eleven weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those that graduated are

 * **Daniele Occhibianchi** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station
 * **Chloe Capp** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station
 * **Jamie Collins** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station
 * **Daniel Wood-Costa** , who will be based at Hatfield Police Station
 * **Sophie Cook** , who will be based at Watford Police Station
 * **Thomas McAulay** , who will be based at Watford Police Station
 * **Tushar Mody** , who will be based at Rickmansworth Police Station
 * **Rhys Folly** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Statio
 * **Richard Liversidge** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * **James Blackley,** who will be based at St Albans Police Station
 * **Alessia Nannini** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station
 * **Jack Draper** , who will be based at Hitchin Police Station
 * **Daniel Jones** , who will be based at Hitchin Police Station
 * **Emanuel Garcia** , who will be based at Borehamwood Police Station
 * **Gregory Jones** , who will be based at Borehamwood Police Station
 * **Viktoriya Demetriou** , who will be based at Cheshunt Police Station.

They were attested in front of their family and friends, and local dignitaries.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant awarded the Specials with their certificates. He said: "It is a great honour to welcome these new Special Constables to the Constabulary. The work they do is vital in helping us to police the county. I want to wish them all well as they now move on to undertake this important role within the communities of Hertfordshire."Special Constabulary Chief Officer, Mark Kendrew said: "I was delighted to meet our new Special Constables and I am very proud to welcome them to our dedicated team. Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and that makes a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire. ** **

**Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Gibson said:** "I am delighted to welcome our new Specials into what is an expanding police team in Hertfordshire. Not only are our number of Specials going up, but this week I was pleased to attend the passing out of 29 new regular officers. We are well on track with our target to increase police numbers in Hertfordshire and I believe all of our districts and boroughs will soon be seeing the benefits."

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.

Sixteen new Special Constables
