```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are continuing to investigate a report of a serious sexual assault which occurred in Kings Langley.
publish:
  date: 20 Mar 2021
title: Detectives continue enquiries into sexual assault in Kings Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/detectives-continue-enquiries-into-sexual-assault-in-kings-langley-1334
```

* ### Enquiries continue following a serious sexual assault in Kings Langley

 * ### The incident occurred on a canal towpath on 12 March

 * ### A man has been arrested

Detectives are continuing to investigate a report of a serious sexual assault which occurred in Kings Langley.

At around 3pm on Friday 12 March, a female was sexually assaulted on the canal towpath near Red Lion Lane.

A man, aged in his 40s and from Hemel Hempstead, was arrested in connection with the investigation on the evening of Friday 12 March and interviewed in custody. He has since been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team (SOIT) said: "Specialist officers are continuing to support the victim and are working to establish the exact circumstances surrounding the incident.

"As part of this, officers have been in the area again today, to conduct additional enquiries a week on.

"We understand that news of this assault will be shocking and upsetting for the community. We want to reassure the public that we are doing all we can to support the victim and thoroughly investigate what happened.

"If you have any information that you believe could assist our investigation please get in contact."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 695 of 12 March, 2021.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
