```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a theft and two assaults, which occurred at the Hatfield Galleria, are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify a man who may be able to help police with their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft and assault in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-and-assault-in-Hatfield-1818
```

* ### Police would like to speak to the man pictured as part of enquiries following a shoplifting and assault incident.

 * ### On Thursday, August 2, two offenders attempted to steal handbags from TK Maxx at the Hatfield Galleria.

 * ### One offender was detained but the other made off after assaulting a member of staff.

 * ### The offender also pushed over a member of the public - a man aged in his 70s - as he ran off.

Officers investigating a theft and two assaults, which occurred at the Hatfield Galleria, are appealing for the public's help to identify a man who may be able to help police with their enquiries.

At around 6pm on Thursday, August 2, two offenders attempted to steal £500 worth of handbags from TK Maxx in Comet Way. As they left the store they were challenged by a member of staff who recovered the items and detained one of the offenders. However, he was hit to the side of the head by the other offender who then ran off.

The offender also pushed over a member of the public - a man aged in his 70s - as he made off causing him to suffer shoulder and elbow injuries.

PC Sarah Lingard, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who recognises the man pictured to get in touch as we believe he may have information that can assist the on-going investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Lingard by emailing _Sarah.lingard@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/24670/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
