```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for information after damage was caused to a phone box, which houses lifesaving medical equipment."
publish:
  date: 12 Jan 2021
title: "Did you witness criminal damage in Bishop\u2019s Stortford?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-criminal-damage-in-bishops-stortford-1075a
```

* ## Glass in the phone box was smashed.

 * ## The defibrillator was untouched.

 * ## Police are asking anyone with information to please come forward.

Police in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for information after damage was caused to a phone box, which houses lifesaving medical equipment.

On Monday 4 January, officers were made aware that glass had been smashed in the phone box at the top of the steps off Devoils Lane.

PCSO Steve Blanks, from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Thankfully the defibrillator itself appears to be untouched, but extensive damage has been caused to the phone box. This senseless behaviour is simply unacceptable.

"Our enquiries are continuing at this time, to establish exactly when the damage was caused and to trace those responsible. As part of this, I am appealing for anyone with information to please come forward. Have you witnessed any suspicious activity around the phone box recently? Any information at all could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PCSO Steve Blanks.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at Crimestoppers (opens in a new window).

**

**
