```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged and a further six people have been arrested following an incident in Hitchin where a firearm was reportedly discharged.
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2019
title: Eight arrests following firearms incident in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/eight-arrests-following-firearms-incident-in-hitchin-0552
```

* ### Two people have been charged and six people have been arrested.

 * ### The incident occurred in Desborough Road on Monday 22 July.

 * ### Investigations are continuing.

Two men have been charged and a further six people have been arrested following an incident in Hitchin where a firearm was reportedly discharged.

Police were called shortly after 3.20pm on Monday 22 July following the incident in Desborough Road.

Specialist officers immediately attended to carry out a search of the area, with assistance from the police helicopter.

No one was injured during the incident.

Following extensive enquiries, eight people have now been arrested as part of the investigation:

 * Emmanuel Munangatire, aged 21, from Abbey Grove in Sandy, Bedfordshire, has been charged with possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life, possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear and violent disorder. He has been remanded to appear for a first hearing today (26 July).

 * Danovan Jones, aged 23, from Highover Way in Hitchin, has been charged with possession of firearm with intent to endanger life, possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear and violent disorder. He has been remanded to appear for a first hearing today (26 July).

 * A 36-year old man from Hitchin was arrested on suspicion of violent disorder. He has been bailed until 15 August.

 * A 45-year-old woman from Bedfordshire has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and is currently in police custody.

 * A 40-year-old man from Bedfordshire has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and is currently in police custody.

 * Three further people have been arrested in connection with the incident and are due to arrive in police custody shortly.

Detective Sergeant Karen Lewis said: "We understand this will have caused great concern in the local community but I would like to once again reassure people that incidents of this nature are rare in Hertfordshire. We have been carrying out extensive enquiries and now have a number of people arrested.

"Our investigations are continuing at this time and I would ask anyone with information who hasn't yet spoken to police to please get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact DS Lewis via email to _karen.lewis@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or by calling 01438 757610, quoting crime number 41/66655/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _ _or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
