```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men have been sentenced for conspiracy to murder after a man was shot with a sawn off shotgun that was fired through a letterbox in South Oxhey.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2017
title: Four men sentenced to 100 years for conspiracy to murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Four-men-sentenced-to-100-years-for-conspiracy-to-murder-1277
```

* ### Anthony McLaughlin, Leon Usher, Christopher Kerr and Wayne Allando Holness were each sentenced to 25 years in prison after they were found guilty of conspiracy to murder.

 * ### The court heard that on December 1, 2016, a shotgun was poked through the letterbox of a flat in Ainsdale Road, South Oxhey.

 * ### The victim suffered a serious wound to his thigh but recovered from his injuries.

Four men sentenced to 100 years

Four men have been sentenced for conspiracy to murder after a man was shot with a sawn off shotgun that was fired through a letterbox in South Oxhey.

**Anthony McLaughlin** , aged 27, of Baldwins Lane, Croxley Green; **Leon Usher** , aged 39, of Bedford Road, Barton Le Clay; **Christopher Kerr** , aged 31, of Wyvil Road, Stockwell and **Wayne Allando Holness** , aged 22, of Cheltenham Road, Peckham, were found guilty by a jury of conspiracy to murder at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, December 1.

Today (Thursday, December 7) they were each handed a custodial sentence of 25 years.

On the night of December 1, 2016, the victim was staying at a friend's flat in Ainsdale Road when he heard two knocks at the front door.

As he approached the door he was shot in the right thigh with a sawn off shotgun that had been poked through the letterbox. The intended target was not home at the time.

The victim suffered a wound to his leg and the court heard that had it not been for the reinforced letterbox and that he was standing slightly to the side of it, he would have been 'injured extremely seriously and, possibly, fatally'.

On that night Kerr and Holness had travelled to the flat after an agreement had been made to kill. One of the men entered the block of flats and carried out the shooting.

At the time, McLaughlin was in Croxley Green and Usher was in Stockwell, South London but detailed analysis of telephone calls shows that they were involved in the agreement to murder.

The next day, on December 2, Trident officers from the Metropolitan Police carried out a warrant at an address in South Norwood, Croydon. The shotgun and seven cartridges were recovered from a Ford Fiesta parked nearby. Cannabis with a street value between £1,200 and £1,800 was also recovered from the car and home, and thousands of pounds in cash were found inside the property.

Holness had gone out that morning but was arrested when officers spotted him returning to the area.

Following in-depth analysis of mobile phone evidence, Kerr was arrested on June 8, McLaughlin was arrested on June 11 and Usher was arrested on August 10 by Hertfordshire officers.

Adrian Foster, Chief Crown Prosecutor for Thames and Chiltern Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), said: "This was a carefully planned, deliberate attempt to take a man's life by pointing a sawn off shotgun through his letterbox and blasting him to death. Fortunately, for the unintended victim, the letterbox had been reinforced following an arson attack, a fact unknown to the gunman, and that absorbed much of the impact.

"The plan to take a man's life failed and now the attempts by Anthony McLaughlin, Leon Usher, Christopher Kerr and Wayne Holness to avoid detection for conspiring to murder have also failed as they have all been found guilty following an 11-week trial.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary, building on work already carried out by the Metropolitan Police in relation to Holness including the recovery of a sawn-off shotgun, seven cartridges, drugs and cash, conducted an extensive and meticulous investigation which led them to these defendants.

"As a result of this careful and thorough investigation, we were able to prove to the jury, by presenting the telephone schedules (calls, text messages and billing), cell site analysis, and Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) evidence, where the defendants were in the hours leading up to the shooting and that they had all jointly agreed to kill. Even though McLaughlin and Usher were not present at the scene of the shooting they were involved in the conspiracy to murder, so equally guilty. The motive for the attack is believed to be revenge following a long-standing dispute between McLaughlin and the intended victim over drugs and money.

"The success of this prosecution demonstrates that even the most carefully planned crimes will be uncovered and the offenders brought to justice."
