```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Drugs were seized and a man was arrested after police executed a warrant at an address in Walkern yesterday (Thursday 19 December).
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2019
title: Drugs seized during warrant in Walkern
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-seized-during-warrant-in-walkern-1203
```

* ### Class A and class B drugs were seized.

 * ### A man was arrested.

 * ### Members of the public are encouraged to report information to police.

Drugs were seized and a man was arrested after police executed a warrant at an address in Walkern yesterday (Thursday 19 December).

Acting on information from members of the public, officers from the East Herts Scorpion team carried out the operation at a property in High Street.

Cash and a quantity of class A and class B drugs were seized.

A 30-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the operation and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Alex Willcox, said: "This operation shows that we will act on information received from members of the public and it is vital that people keep reporting this to us.

"Drugs ruin lives and are often the catalyst for more serious crime. We will continue to use all tactics available to us to identify and disrupt those involved.

"If you have information about who may be involved, or you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please report it."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
