```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hundreds of miles were patrolled, members of the public were spoken to and several vehicles were seized as Hertfordshire Constabulary marked Rural Crime Week 2019 (October 6-13).
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2019
title: Rural Crime Week round-up
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rural-crime-week-round-up-0917all
```

* ### Operations were carried out at rural locations across the county.

 * ### Officers worked with neighbouring forces and partnership agencies.

 * ### Training was also provided to officers and staff to help raise awareness of rural issues.

Hundreds of miles were patrolled, members of the public were spoken to and several vehicles were seized as Hertfordshire Constabulary marked Rural Crime Week 2019 (October 6-13).

Working in conjunction with neighbouring police forces and partner agencies, including local councils and the National Farmers' Union (NFU), officers conducted targeted patrols and operations across vulnerable rural areas, to tackle crimes such as hare coursing and fly-tipping.

They also met with members of the rural community to talk to them about any issues they may be experiencing and give crime prevention advice.

Superintendent Richard Liversidge said: "This year saw one of our most successful Rural Crime Weeks to date, but it is something the Constabulary takes seriously all year round. We fully understand that, when a crime occurs in a rural area, it has the potential to have a significant impact not only on the victim themselves but, in many cases, their livelihood and the community as a whole.

"We want to reassure our rural communities that we understand the issues they face and work with them to help prevent them from becoming victims of crime. Our engagement events and operations over the past week have helped us to forge stronger links with members of the public and have reinforced the benefits of partnership working."

Throughout the week there was a heavy focus on promoting What 3 Words, an app which allows people to pinpoint their location to within a three metre squared, something which could prove crucial during an emergency in a remote location.

Officers from the Constabulary's Rural Operational Support Team (ROST) spent time within the Force Control Room to advise and educate staff on rural crime matters, while representatives from the NFU spoke to new recruits about issues faced by the farming community.

Local farmers also visited police headquarters to learn all about the Constabulary's new public feedback service, echo.

Rosalind David, from the NFU, said: "Rural crime and its impact is one of our members' primary concerns in Hertfordshire. Meeting regularly with their local police neighbourhood teams via events such as NFU branch meetings, barn meets and priority setting forums, has meant our members can be more proactive in protecting their properties and businesses, as well as passing on intelligence and reporting crime directly via new channels such as online and webchat.

"We very much value our continued close working relationship with Hertfordshire Constabulary and Rural Crime Week has further highlighted that partnership working is can be incredibly effective when it comes to preventing and tackling rural crime."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

Here's a round-up of what our local teams got up to throughout the week:

**DACORUM**

 * Officers from Berkhamsted Safer Neighbourhood Team engaged with residents, hikers, dog walkers and ramblers in Ashridge.
 * Patrolled Ashridge using new ebikes.
 * Joint ANPR operation with Thames Valley Police on the Tring/Ivinghoe border. A number of vehicles stopped to target criminals using the road network. Minor traffic offences detected.

**EAST HERTS**

 * Visited local churches to identify anything which may make them vulnerable to heritage crime.
 * Op Acura - multi-agency operation run on the A1184 between Spellbrook and Sawbridgeworth, to target criminals using the road network and those who may be looking to fly-tip waste. 142 vehicles were stopped and 10 advisory notices were issued regarding the transportation and disposal of waste materials.
 * Op Galileo patrols to target hare coursing, supported by officers from the Special Constabulary. No incidents discovered.
 * Visits to local airfields and landing strips.

**NORTH HERTS**

 * Patrols in Royston and along the South Cambridgeshire border, in partnership with North Herts District Council. During the day, officers attended reports of hare coursing and used What 3 Words to locate a number of fly-tips reported to NHDC.
 * Night time patrols of rural areas and farm land.
 * Neighbourhood Inspector James Lant and members of the Hitchin rural Safer Neighbourhood Team attended the Kimpton Ploughing Match in Lilley. Officers from Bedfordshire were also present, along with representatives from the National Famers' Union and the local farming community. You can watch a video from the event here.
 * Vehicles abandoned on farmland in Weston were seized as suspected to be used in hare coursing.
 * Hitchin rural officers joined colleagues from Bedfordshire for a day of action along the Herts/Beds border.

**ST ALBANS**

 * Representatives from the National Farmers' Union went on a ride-along with local officers. Two large-scale fly-tips were discovered, including cabling and remnants of a cannabis production factory.
 * Hare coursing patrols under Op Galileo.
 * Multi-agency operation to target fly-tipping.
 * Rural patrols to target motorcycles riding illegally on private land.
 * Patrols to target illegal fishing along the River Lea.
 * Rural Beat surgery at Sandridgebury Farm cafe, engagement with members of the public to discuss any local issues or concerns.

**THREE RIVERS**

 * Rural patrols to target motorcycles riding illegally on private land.
 * Multi-agency operation in Maple Cross to target fly-tippers.

**WELWYN HATFIELD**

 * Ran a competition to promote the What 3 Words app.
 * Attended the young farmers' club ploughing match in Essendon.
 * Patrols around fly-tipping hotspots.
 * Talking to motorists about driving considerately around horses.
