```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who physically and mentally abused his girlfriend, before she went on to take her own life, has been found guilty of one count of controlling and coercive behaviour.
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2018
title: Man found guilty of controlling and coercive behaviour
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-found-guilty-of-controlling-and-coercive-behaviour-1840
```

* ### **Following a two week trial Steven Gane has been found guilty of controlling and coercive behaviour.**

 * Gane physically and mentally abused girlfriend Kellie Sutton, aged 30.

 * The court heard she went from being a positive and lively character to being anxious and quiet.

 * Kellie took her own life on August, 23, 2017.

A man who physically and mentally abused his girlfriend, before she went on to take her own life, has been found guilty of one count of controlling and coercive behaviour.

Steven Gane, aged 31, of Gadsden Close in Upminster, was also found guilty by a jury today (Friday, March 23) of actual bodily harm and one charge of assault by beating. He was cleared of a second charge of assault by beating. It follows a two week trial at St Albans Crown Court.

The court heard how 30 year old Kellie Sutton from Welwyn Garden City went from being a positive, lively and extroverted character to being anxious, quiet, subdued and increasingly isolated from her friends after becoming involved with Gane.

On the morning of August 23, 2017 - five months after Gane and Kellie's relationship began - she attempted to take her own life. She was found by Gane at home unconscious and was taken to hospital by ambulance. Kellie, who is a mother to three children, never regained consciousness and life support was withdrawn on August 26.

Police were contacted by a friend of Gane's on September 2 after he had become aware of Kellie's death. He explained he had concerns about Gane's relationship with Kellie. During a telephone conversation in the summer of 2017, Gane had told him that he had 'bust Kellie's head open' after losing his temper. During another conversation following Kellie's death, Gane told his friend that she had killed herself and was making jokes and laughing about it. It seemed that Gane was more concerned about losing a car finance deal then Kellie's death. He also told his friend that he had met a new woman.

Medical records show that Kellie went to the Urgent Care Centre in Welwyn Garden City on June 3 with a 3cm wound to the top of her head which needed to be glued.

On July 6, 2017, police attended Kellie's home when neighbours called police after hearing arguing. Officers attended and were told by Kellie that the couple had been arguing. Kellie later told a family member that Gane had thrown her on the floor and choked her because she had gone out and he did not know where she was. She attempted to end the relationship that day but it continued.

Following the incident, Kellie told a friend via a WhatsApp message that Gane was abusive. She told another friend in August that she wasn't allowed to speak to her and felt imprisoned in her own home.

Kellie had also told her mother that Gane, who moved in to her home a week after their relationship began, would often accuse her of being unfaithful, would call her names and was jealous, possessive and controlling.

Gane has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Monday (March 26).
