```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following reports of scam phone calls to home in Waltham Cross and Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 6 May 2020
title: Warning to residents after a series of police phone scams
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-to-residents-after-a-series-of-police-phone-scams-0090
```

* ### Waltham Cross and Cheshunt residents targeted by fraudsters

 * ### Calls were received from people claiming to be police officers

 * ### One victim lost several thousand pounds

Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following reports of scam phone calls to homes in Waltham Cross and Cheshunt.

Victims are being called by bogus police officers claiming that they have arrested someone who is known to them as part of an investigation into money laundering through the intended victim's account. The bogus police officer asks them to withdraw cash for collection by a courier.

Fraudsters may ask the victims to call back on 999, 101 or 161 to verify that they are genuinely police officer, however this is part of the scam. They keep the line open so that the victim continues to speak to the fraudster believing they are genuine officials.

Three people have been contacted over the last two weeks, one of them handing over several thousand pounds in cash.

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "These fraudsters can be extremely convincing and persistent and often target elderly or vulnerable victims, who can end up losing thousands of pounds.

"It's important to remember that police officers and bank officials will NEVER ask you to withdraw money, purchase goods or hand over private banking details.

"Please help us to raise awareness by sharing this with your friends and family, especially if they are vulnerable or elderly."

If you believe that you are a victim of this scam please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary's non- emergency number 101, using a different phone to that used to communicate with the fraudsters. If a fraud is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice:

 * Be sceptical of callers, even those who claim to be officials.
 * Don't be afraid to put the phone down with a brief 'No, thank you'.
 * NEVER give personal information, such as your date of birth or bank details, to unexpected callers.
 * Remember that the police or your bank would NEVER unexpectedly call you and ask you to withdraw cash or move your money to another account, as a result of fraud or any other reason.
 * If callers suggest you call your local police or bank to check who they are, use another phone or ensure the line has been fully disconnected by phoning a friend or relative first, or by waiting at least five minutes, otherwise you may think you've phoned a number, but you're simply talking to the fraudsters again. This is a common fraudsters' tactic.
 * If a caller asks you to type your bank PIN number into your telephone handset - do not do this, as fraudsters can use technology to identify the numbers.
 * You can opt out of many cold calls by registering for free with the Telephone Preference Service on 0845 070 0707.

Visit www.actionfraud.police.uk or www.herts.police.uk/protectyourmoney for advice on avoiding scams.

To see a video demonstrating how fraudsters operate visit: www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYco9_iSK7k
