```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man sustained a serious head injury in Royston.
publish:
  date: 27 May 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses after man suffers serious head injury - Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-man-suffers-serious-head-injury-royston
```

* ### Did you witness anything suspicious near Royston station on Thursday, May 17?

 * ### A man was knocked over and robbed at around 9.30pm

 * ### Did you see anything? Please call 101 quoting crime reference G4/18/436

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man sustained a serious head injury in Royston.

At around 9.30pm on Thursday, the victim alighted a train from London at Royston train station.

As he was leaving the station, he was approached by an unknown number of people and knocked to the floor before having cash taken from his wallet.

The victim, in his 50s, made his way home where he then became unwell. He was taken to hospital where scans revealed he had suffered a bleed on the brain.

He remains in hospital where he is awaiting an operation.

Sergeant Will Ainsworth, who is investigating, said: "My team and I are conducting enquiries and doing all we can to establish exactly what happened.

"We appealing to anyone who was in the area surrounding the train station at the time stated.

"Did you witness what happened, or did you see anything suspicious - perhaps someone or some people running from the scene?

"If so, please email william.ainsworth@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number G4/18/436."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
