```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to be aware of two different scams which have been reported in other parts of the county in recent weeks.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2017
title: Employment and court scams warning
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Employment-and-court-scams-warning-1152
```

* ### Warning about scams targeting job seekers' personal data.

 * ### Victims received bogus emails claiming to be court summons.

 * ### Residents warned to check unsolicited emails for poor spelling and grammar and never click links in emails.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to be aware of two different scams which have been reported in other parts of the county in recent weeks.

The first scam targets job seekers who have been contacted by bogus recruiters after adding their details to various job websites. Students and graduates are being especially targeted, with fraudster trying to obtain their personal or banking details and even arranging interviews, as part of the scam.

Another scam that residents should be aware of involves emails being sent out claiming to be from the court service. The emails inform people that they are being summonsed to court as witnesses and encourages the victim to click a link to see more details. Once the link is clicked malware is downloaded onto the victim's device.

Detective Inspector Marcus Bromley from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Cyber and Fraud Investigation Unit, said: "Most people are very well-informed about how to avoid becoming a victim of fraud - however criminals develop or vary the scams that they try, so it is important that we all continue to regard anything that appears too good to be true, with some suspicion.

"If you receive unsolicited emails asking for personal or banking details or payments, always treat such requests with suspicion and make sure you check out their credibility before handing over anything over."

 Protect yourself from fraud by following this crime prevention advice:

 * Check emails and documents for poor spelling and grammar - this is often a sign that fraudsters are at work.
 * Carry out thorough research to confirm that the organisation contacting you actually exists. If it does exist, contact the organisation directly using contact details obtained through your own research or their website.
 * Never click links in emails unless you are sure it is from a trusted source.

 * If you think your bank details have been compromised or if you believe you have been defrauded contact your bank immediately.
 * Warn the operators of the job website you used that their site is being used by fraudsters.
 * If you have been affected by this, or any other type of fraud, report it to Action Fraud by visiting www.actionfraud.police.uk or by calling **0300 123 2040**. For more advice on avoiding fraud visit: www.getsafeonline.co.uk.
