```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with a number of offences following a road traffic collision on the A1m near Baldock.
publish:
  date: 29 Apr 2020
title: Man charged following collision on A1m
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-collision-on-a1m-0068g
```

* ## The collision occurred near Baldock services.

 * ## A man has been charged with multiple offences.

 * ## The investigation continues at this time and witnesses are still being sought.

A man has been charged with a number of offences following a road traffic collision on the A1m near Baldock.

Shortly before 6.30pm on Wednesday 22 April, a Ford Fiesta and a Volkswagen Transporter van were involved in a collision on the roundabout near Baldock services, at junction 10.

Two people travelling in the Fiesta, a man and a woman, were taken to hospital with serious injuries. The woman remains in a critical but stable condition at this time. The driver of the Volkswagen received minor injuries.

Neil Stimson, aged 34, from Robert Hunt Gardens in Sandy, was arrested following the incident and has now been charged with:

• Robbery
• Causing serious injury through dangerous driving
• A COVID-19 offence - contravene requirement as to restriction of movement during emergency period
• Fail to provide a specimen for analysis
• Driving with no insurance
• Driving while disqualified

He appeared before magistrates on Tuesday (28 April) where he was remanded in custody. He is next due to appear before St Albans Crown Court on 26 May.

Investigations into the collision are continuing at this time and witnesses to the incident, or the events leading up to it, are still being sought. Officers are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage of the incident, or of the vehicles travelling shortly beforehand.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 626 of 22.04.20.

Due to prior police interaction with one of the vehicles, a mandatory referral was made to the IOPC as a matter of standard procedure.
