```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police have today (Friday 4 September) secured a Closure Order for a unit at Twyford Industrial Estate in Bishop\u2019s Stortford, following an unlicensed event at the location last weekend."
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2020
title: "Closure Order following unlicensed event in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-Order-following-unlicensed-event-in-Bishops-Stortford-0585
```

Police have today (Friday 4 September) secured a Closure Order for a unit at Twyford Industrial Estate in Bishop's Stortford, following an unlicensed event at the location last weekend.

The order was granted by Stevenage Magistrates' Court and prohibits anyone from entering the unit in Twyford Road for a period of three months.

Anyone who enters the building during this time will be arrested by officers.

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "Police were made aware of a gathering at the unit on the night of Sunday 30 August. Initially officers were told that there was going to be a small gathering for a wedding party and that social distancing measures would be in place, however it later transpired that a silent disco was taking place.

"I'd like to reassure residents that this Closure Order is just the first step of the enforcement action we are taking and our enquiries are on-going to trace those who were involved in the organising and running of the event."

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge added: "Unlicensed music events are illegal and there are numerous risks in attending - not least the very real threat of coronavirus.

"Although we are no longer living in full lockdown we all still need to be mindful that coronavirus continues to be a very real threat to our health.

"Nationally, specific areas have been forced back into lockdown due to a significant increase in infection rates and more locally here at home in Hertfordshire a warning was issued this week about an increase in Covid 19 cases in Dacorum. This is not a problem that has gone away and those who attend large gatherings are putting themselves and everyone they come into contact with at risk, such as relatives and friends.

"Those who organise these unlawful events will face the full force of the law in the form of arrest and prosecution. Those who choose to attend can also face enforcement action and could be left with a criminal record.

"New Government rules means anyone found organising an event, such as an illegal rave or a house party in the current climate could be fined £10,000 for breaking the law and all those found to be in attendance could be fined £100."

If you have information about a planned unlicensed event please let us know as soon as possible so that we can take the appropriate action.

There are several indicators which may suggest that an unlicensed event such as a rave is being planned in your area - if you notice any of these, even if they may seem minor or insignificant, please report it to us via our online webchat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Please be aware of the signs to spot, and inform the police if you see the following:

 * Cropped bolts on gates
 * Flattened or disturbed hedgerows car
 * People in vehicles stopping to look into a field
 * People climbing over a fence or gate to look into a field
 * Posters or social media messages advertising a large gathering
 * Vehicles entering fields or open spaces
 * People unloading sound equipment

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, launch an online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
