```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead have released images of some of the stolen items, in a bid to trace them and return them to their rightful owner.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Have you seen this stolen jewellery?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-stolen-jewellery-1012
```

* ### Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead have released images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.

 * ### Around £5,000 worth of jewellery was stolen, including necklaces, bracelets, rings, earrings, bangles and charms.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Connor Wisdom directly via email.

Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead have released images of some of the stolen items, in a bid to trace them and return them to their rightful owner.

On Saturday 31 October, at some point between the hours of 5.45pm and 10.10pm, a property in Great Elms Road was broken into. Damage was caused to a window in order for the offender(s) to gain access.

The offender(s) carried out an untidy search of multiple rooms, and around £5,000 worth of jewellery was stolen.

PC Connor Wisdom, who is investigating, said: "Several pieces of jewellery were stolen, including necklaces, bracelets, rings, earrings, bangles and various charms.

"As well as being of high monetary value, the items that were stolen have incredibly high sentimental value to the victim, and we would really like to reunite them with their property.

"Perhaps you have seen the pictured pieces, which are fairly distinctive, or you have been offered them for sale? If you do have any information at all, please get in contact with me as soon as possible.

"I know that some time has passed since the burglary, but we are making sure that we exhaust all possible lines of enquiry. If you believe you may have witnessed the incident taking place, or if you have any information at all, please do not hesitate to get in touch. Even something that may seem relatively minor or insignificant could prove vital to our investigation."

If you have any information, you can contact PC Wisdom directly via email at Connor.Wisdom@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference **41/88063/20.**

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
