```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information, and have also released images of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 20 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following burglary in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-stevenage-1111
```

* ### Between Saturday 2 January and Tuesday 5 January, a garage in Valley Way was broken into by means unknown.

 * ### Several items were stolen, including two motor-cross bikes, a quad bike and a television.

 * ### Officers are asking anyone with any information to get in contact.

Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information, and have also released images of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.

At some point between Saturday 2 January and Tuesday 5 January, a garage in Valley Way was broken into by means unknown.

Several items were stolen, including:

 * A yellow SUZUKI motor-cross bike

 * An orange motor-cross bike

 * A black quad bike

 * A Philips 55-inch Smart TV.

PCSO Lewis McClatchie, of the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I would like to directly appeal to any nearby residents, or anyone who was in the area on the dates specified that may have witnessed any suspicious behaviour.

"Perhaps you may have seen some unusual activity, or potentially even witnessed the crime taking place? If you have any information, even if it may seem relatively minor or insignificant, please don't hesitate to get in touch with me. It could be vital to our investigation.

"We are also releasing images of the stolen bikes, in the hopes that someone may recognise them. As you can see, the two motor-cross bikes are very distinctive thanks to their bright colours. If you believe you may have seen them, please get in contact."

If you have any information, you can contact PCSO McClatchie directly via email at Lewis.McClatchie@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference number **41/1051/21** **.**

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit echo __and tell us your thoughts.
