```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 21 year old man from Hitchin, who died in a road traffic collision while walking home with friends after a night out, has been described as someone who was \u2018loved by everybody who knew him\u2019."
publish:
  date: 18 Apr 2018
title: Tribute to Christian Smith - Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Tribute-to-Christian-Smith-Hitchin
```

* ### Tributes have been paid to a 21 year old man from Hitchin who died in a road traffic collision.

 * ### Christian Smith, known as Chip to man of his friends, is described as a 'cheeky chappy' who was 'loved by everybody who knew him'.

 * ### Police are investigating the exact circumstances surrounding Christian's death and anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary.

A 21 year old man from Hitchin, who died in a road traffic collision while walking home with friends after a night out, has been described as someone who was 'loved by everybody who knew him'.

Christian Smith, known as Chip to many of his friends, was born and grew up in and around Hitchin. He attended Wymondley JMI School followed by Hitchin Boys School and then North Herts College where he studied Creative Media.

Christian, who is younger brother to Tom, aged 23, went on to work at The George pub in Hitchin where he had many friends. Since Christian's tragic death, the management and staff have set up a fundraising page in his memory (https://www.gofundme.com/forchip). His family have requested that all funds raised are donated to charity.

More recently Christian worked at Waitrose and was considering a career in management while also pursuing his creative interests of photography in addition to hip hop singing and song writing.

Christian was an avid Liverpool Football Club Fan \- a passion passed down by his dad, Paul, who comes from the city. He was thrilled to meet retired player John Barnes when his family took him to see Liverpool play on his 21st birthday last year.

His mum Bev said: "I think people will remember Christian as a cheeky chappy. His head teacher described him as that when he was just four years old.

"One of his many friends said the other day that he didn't have a bad bone in his body. His manager at Waitrose said a few weeks ago, 'Everybody loves Christian. He is so hard working and reliable'. She said he never failed to make her smile and was loved by everyone."

Dad Paul added: "As a child Christian always had a cheeky smile on his face, was full of energy, inquisitive and eager to explore. He grew into a kind, caring, polite and thoughtful young man who always had a good word to say about everyone and everything."

His brother Tom said: "I hope he knew how proud of him we were. He was the centre of our world."

The circumstances surrounding Christian's death in the early hours of Saturday (April 14) are being investigated by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit.

Anyone with information that may assist officers is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101, quoting incident reference ISR 103 of April 14, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
