```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been given a five year sentence for the manslaughter of his long-term partner Natividad Nituan, better known as Nattie.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2018
title: Raymond Page sentenced for manslaughter
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Raymond-page-sentenced-for-manslaughter-0094C
```

* ### Man jailed for the manslaughter of his long-term partner.

 * ### Raymond Page, 64, repeatedly stabbed 70 year old Natividad Nituan at their home in Radlett.

 * ### The court heard how Page is suffering with terminal prostate cancer, which had caused tensions in the couple's relationship.

A man has been given a five year sentence for the manslaughter of his long-term partner Natividad Nituan, better known as Nattie.

Raymond Page, aged 64, repeatedly stabbed 70 year old Nattie on the morning of July 25 last year, in their bedroom at their home in Orchard Close, Radlett.

Page, who is suffering from terminal prostate cancer, then called 999 telling police he had killed her.

He was charged with murder but later pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility at St Albans Crown Court on December 1, 2017.

He was remanded in custody until his sentencing yesterday (Thursday, April 19) at the same court.

Lisa Kiff, Senior Crown Prosecutor for Thames and Chiltern Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said: "It is believed that Page brutally took Natividad's life that morning because of his terminal illness, which was causing tensions in their relationship.

"Manslaughter by diminished responsibility is a partial defence to murder, which is only established if there is medical evidence that a defendant was suffering from an abnormality of mind that substantially impaired their responsibility for their actions.

"When Page indicated a guilty plea to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility, we carefully and thoroughly reviewed all the evidence in this case and instructed an eminent psychiatrist to fully assess him. Only when he too reached the conclusion that Page was suffering from a mental health condition, that would have substantially reduced his responsibility, did the CPS take the view that it was appropriate to accept the plea and fully discussed the decision with Natividad's family before accepting it.

 "This case represents a tragedy for Natividad's family and friends, who have been devastated by her death. We know that nothing will bring Natividad back to her family and friends, but we hope that the conviction brings them at least a small sense that justice has been done. Our thoughts are very much with them all at this time."

In a statement Natividad's family said: "This was a tragic incident and Natividad is a loss to the world.

"She was a loving sister, aunt and good friend to many. She was a happy person who would do anything for anyone no matter how big or small.

"We cannot understand why he has done what he has done and we will never get over our loss."

 * ### Page was jailed at St Albans Crown Court for five years.

Raymond Page, aged 64 Natividad Nituan
