```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenage boy has been charged in connection with an alleged assault at a college in Turnford.
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2017
title: Boy charged in connection with alleged assault in Turnford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/boy-charged-in-connection-with-alleged-assault-in-turnford
```

* ### Teenage boy charged in connection with alleged assault.

 * ### Alleged incident occurred at a college in Turnford on Thursday, October 6.

 * ### 16-year-old boy charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm.

A teenage boy has been charged in connection with an alleged assault at a college in Turnford.

The incident happened at Hertford Regional College in High Road just before 3.05pm on Thursday, October 6.

Police were called by the ambulance service to reports that a teenage boy had been stabbed in the thigh. His injuries were not considered life-threatening or life-changing and he was taken to hospital for treatment. He was later discharged the same day.

Officers later arrested a 16-year-old boy and he has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm.

He has been remanded into police custody and is due to appear before Hatfield Remand Court today (Tuesday, October 10).

A 16 year old boy and a 17 year old were also arrested on suspicion of Section 18 GBH. They have both been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Tom Leeks, who is investigating, said: "We believe that this was an isolated incident and the offenders are known to the victim. Enquiries are on-going and anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number **101** , quoting crime reference K1/17/2556.

"Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court."
