```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2020
title: Man charged and heroin seized in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-and-heroin-seized-in-welwyn-garden-city-1364
```

* ### Aaron Edwards, age 27 and of Exeter Road, Waltham Forest, appeared at Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 28 January

 * ### He was arrested as he extited an address in Long Ley the previous day

 * ### Officers seized heroin and a mobile phone from the address

A man has been charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Aaron Edwards, age 27 and of Exeter Road, Waltham Forest, appeared at Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 28 January.

Officers from Operation Mantis and Operation Scorpion arrested Edwards as he exited an address in Long Ley, Welwyn Garden City, on Monday 27 January. Operation Mantis is a team of detectives who are tasked with tackling County Lines gangs with the support of other police units and partners. Operation Scorpion are a team of officers that tackle acquisitive crime such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences.

A search of the address in Long Ley was also carried out and the team found heroin and a mobile phone which they seized.

Detective Sergeant Jon Leak, from Operation Mantis, said: "We are committed to tackling County Lines drug dealing. This is where criminal gangs from urban areas expand their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

"If you have information about such activity please get in contact so that we can take action."

If you have information about drug use or drug dealing, you can call the non-emergency number 101, report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If a crime is in progress, or someone's life is in danger, call 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.

 * Edwards has been remanded in custody and will appear for trial at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 2 March.
