```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As a new national lockdown starts today, Tuesday 5 January, Hertfordshire Constabulary is asking everyone to follow the rules.
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2021
title: Appeal to follow the new lockdown
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-follow-the-new-lockdown-1055
```

* ### A new national lockdown starts today, Tuesday 5 January.

 * ### Cases have been rising sharply across the county.

 * ### The Local Resilience Forum warn of the immense pressure on the health system, and implore the public to follow the rules in order to protect the NHS and save lives.

As a new national lockdown starts today, Tuesday 5 January, Hertfordshire Constabulary is asking everyone to follow the rules.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, of Hertfordshire Constabulary, said: "While this new national lockdown will be hard, I know that people will want to do what they can to protect public health and the health of their loved ones.

"Legally, the new regulations have yet to come into force, but existing enforcement powers are in place and we ask residents to do the right thing.

"None of us can ignore the fact that cases have been rising sharply across the county and the lockdown is in place to save lives. Please follow the rules to protect our NHS and help save lives.

"Our additional police patrols continue and we are working with council COVID marshals, environmental health and trading standards officers to ensure that our communities are behaving responsibly. Anyone found to be knowingly breaking the rules can expect to receive a fixed penalty notice."

The 'stay at home' instruction means staying at home except for a handful of permitted reasons. The rules will be reviewed on Monday 15 February.

Under **the new measures** , support and childcare bubbles continue, people can meet one person from another household for outdoor exercise but exercise should be local and limited to once a day.

Darryl Keen, Director of Community Protection, Chief Fire Officer and chair of the strategic coordination group of the Local Resilience Forum, said: "Act as if you and everyone you meet has coronavirus. I ask, do you want to be part of the problem or part of the solution? We need everyone to act now and take this lockdown seriously, not bending the rules to suit your needs.

"The rise in cases of coronavirus in Hertfordshire continues and we all need to act now to stop the spread, the more we do now to support the lockdown, the sooner it will be over.

"The health services in Hertfordshire are doing an amazing job to treat so many people but I can assure you that the risk to the community is very real and there is immense pressure on the health system. Please do not be naive enough to think that this cannot affect you, we must all play our part."

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

If you are feeling unwell, you should book a test or call 119.

For support from HertsHelp you can visit their website, email info@hertshelp.net or call 0300 123 4044.

If you believe a crime is in progress, or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
