```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 2 Sep 2019
title: "Appeal for witnesses following an assault \u2013 Croxley Green"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-witnesses-following-an-assault-croxley-green-0699
```

* ### Detectives are investigating an assault which happened in Croxley Green at 8.25pm yesterday evening (Sunday 1 September).

 * ### Two men, a father and son, were walking their dog when they were assaulted by a male offender

 * ### If you saw what happened or have any other information, please contact police quoting 41/79428/19

Detectives investigating an assault in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on The Green at 8.25pm yesterday evening (Sunday 1 September).

The victims - a man in his 20s, and his father, aged in his 60s - were walking their dog when they went to turn into the orchard, off The Green.

A dark-coloured van was trying to exit the road at the same time and a verbal altercation ensued between the two parties.

A man exited the vehicle and proceeded to assault both of the victims. As a result, the victim in his 20s suffered a fracture to his arm and the victim in his 60s suffered bruising.

The offender is described as white, aged in his 30s, of stocky build and around 5ft 10in tall. He has a stubbly grey beard and was wearing a grey hoody with dark-coloured trousers.

He was in the company of a woman who was white and of large build, with ginger hair. Both of them drove off in the van after the assault.

Detective Sergeant Rob Muir, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a nasty attack and both victims are being supported by the investigating officer.

"We are now following a number of enquiries however we are interested to speak to anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the incident and witnessed what happened.

"We would also be keen to speak to anyone who has home CCTV fitted to their property in the vicinity of the orchard, or on The Green itself.

"If you could review your footage, please let us know if you believe you've captured anything of note."

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat here or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/79428/19.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
