```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield are releasing an e-fit of a suspect and are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify him."
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2018
title: E-fit released following robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/E-fit-released-following-robbery-in-Hatfield-1562B
```

* ### Officers would like to identify the man pictured as part of enquiries following a robbery in Hatfield.

 * ### The victim was approached in Mosquito Way by the offender who demanded he hand over cash.

 * ### It is being linked to another robbery which occurred in St Albans Road West in Hatfield on December 26.

Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield are releasing an e-fit of a suspect and are appealing for the public's help to identify him.

At around 10.45pm on Sunday, December 17, the victim -aged in his 20s - was walking in Mosquito Way with another man when he was approached by the offender who demanded the victim hand over money. The victim handed over £20 before running away.

The offender is described as a black man, aged between 19 and 25, who was wearing a black hoody and black sports shoes.

PC Lisa Williams, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who recognises the man pictured to get in touch as you may have information that could assist our on-going investigation.

"This offence is being linked to another robbery, which occurred in St Albans Road West in Hatfield at around 5.30pm on Tuesday, December 26. There have been no further offences of this nature reported to police since then. If you have any information regarding either offence please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Williams by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/17/6184 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

E-fit released
