```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Herford.
publish:
  date: 20 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-hertford-1560
```

* ### On Tuesday 3 March, the victim had his speaker stolen by a group of males.

 * ### He was also assaulted.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Herford.

On Tuesday 3 March, at approximately 8pm, a group of friends were listening to music from a speaker in the park at Hartham Common.

They were approached by a large group of males, who were all said to be wearing dark clothing.

The victim attempted to leave the park with his speaker, when he was followed by the unknown males. They assaulted him, before stealing the speaker.

Detective Constable Nicholas Shuttlewood, who is investigating, said: "I'd like to speak to anyone who was in the area around the time specified, who may have seen a large group of males matching the description. It's believed there were around eight of them.

"If you witnessed the incident, or have any information you think could assist with our enquiries, please get in contact with me."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Shuttlewood directly via email at nicholas.shuttlewood@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/21134/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
