```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Selwyn Crescent, Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-hatfield-0962b
```

* ## Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Selwyn Crescent, Hatfield.

 * ## At around 4.35am on Wednesday 23 October, a male climbed onto the roof of a garage in Selwyn Crescent, causing damage to guttering.

 * ## When he was challenged by the victim he jumped and fell onto the victim's car, a Mazda 6, damaging the spoiler.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Selwyn Crescent, Hatfield.

At around 4.35am on Wednesday 23 October, a male climbed onto the roof of a garage in Selwyn Crescent, causing damage to guttering. When he was challenged by the victim he jumped and fell onto the victim's car, a Mazda 6, damaging the spoiler.

Welwyn Hatfield PC Gill Pincombe said: "The offender was wearing a black hoody and jeans and I am appealing for anyone who might have seen him to get in touch.

"I would like to hear from anyone who might have witnessed the incident. If you can help, please get in contact by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/95843/19."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

** **
