```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit have charged a man with murder.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2018
title: "Man charged with murder \u2013Hemel Hempstead"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-charged-with-murder\u2013Hemel-Hempstead-1796"
```

* ### Mohammed Tariq Khalid, aged 27, of no fixed address, has been charged with murder.

 * ### It follows the fatal stabbing of 24 year old David Molloy from Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### Mr Khalid remains in custody and is due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Friday, March 16).

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit have charged a man with murder.

Mohammed Tariq Khalid, aged 27, of no fixed address, has been charged with the murder of 24 year old David Molloy from Hemel Hempstead. He is due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Friday, March 16).

Police were called at 2.21am on Tuesday (March 13) to Saturn Way following reports of a stabbing.

David was treated by paramedics but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His family are currently being supported by specialist officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 25 of March 13.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
