```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting police officers and Chief Constable Charlie Hall is keen to emphasise that we welcome applications from people with different life experiences and backgrounds.
publish:
  date: 5 Sep 2019
title: "We are recruiting\u2026"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/we-are-recruiting-0720all
```

* ### Apply now to start your policing career.

 * ### Hertfordshire is recruiting police officers.

 * ### Next Application Advice Session on Monday 16 September.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting police officers and Chief Constable Charlie Hall is keen to emphasise that we welcome applications from people with different life experiences and backgrounds.

The Home Secretary Priti Patel today (Thursday 5 September) launched a national recruitment drive for police officers, 'Be a Force for all' directing hopefuls to their local force. Hertfordshire's current round of applications closes on Monday 30 September.

"We are looking to recruit more police officers over the next three years so if you'd like to join the police then now is a great time," said Chief Constable Charlie Hall. "We are particularly reaching out to our diverse communities, to under-represented groups, to say please come forward, we want you to apply as we want the Constabulary's workforce to reflect the communities we serve and protect."

The Constabulary provides advice and support to all candidates, including mentoring to hopefuls from under-represented backgrounds through our 'Positive Action' scheme.

If you plan on submitting an application form, you don't need to go it alone, our next Application Advice Session is on Monday 16 September from 6.30-8.30pm at police HQ. These sessions are designed to give you advice, guidance and an insight into a successful application form.

Register your interest

One of our latest new recruits, PC Daniel Prisecaru, 35, a father-of-three originally from Romania, was helped by the Positive Action team. He said: "I was brilliantly supported during the application process, as English is my second language. The mentoring I received from the Positive Action team helped me a huge amount. I would encourage anyone from a different background to consider applying for a job in the force."

To mark Hertfordshire Constabulary's police officer numbers topping 2,000 for the first time since 2011, Daniel, who started training in July, was given collar number 2001. He added: "I am so proud to be training as a police constable for Hertfordshire Constabulary, it is the job I have always dreamt of."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "I welcome this Government commitment to boosting spending on policing and the extra officers that it will bring to Hertfordshire. In Hertfordshire I have avoided making the cuts in officer numbers seen in other parts of the country and we currently have more officers than at any time since 2011. However I recognise that the demands on the police are rising all the time. We are already recruiting strongly and this extra funding will sustain that process and allow us to increase officer numbers even further. As a result we can look forward to further improvements in the excellent service we receive from our constabulary."

You can watch our video of Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd talking recruitment and meeting two trainee cohorts, including PC Daniel Prisecaru, here

If you feel inspired to start a career in policing, the Force currently has a range of vacancies including:

 * **Police Officers **
 * **Candidates for our Accelerated Detective Constables Programme**
 * **Police Community Support Officers**
 * **Special Constables**
 * **Communications Operators** (working in the Force Communications Room)

**#JoinThePolice**

** **
