```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in St Albans carried out a warrant at an address where suspected crack cocaine was seized.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2018
title: Suspected drugs seized during warrant in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Suspected-drugs-seized-during-warrant-in-St-Albans-0564
```

* ### Officers carried out a warrant in St Albans where a bag of suspected crack cocaine was seized.

 * ### A man was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.

 * ### He has been released under investigation while the police investigation continues.

 * ### St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek is encouraging residents to report information about drug-related crime in their neighbourhoods so that police can take action.

Police in St Albans carried out a warrant at an address where suspected crack cocaine was seized.

Officers entered the property in Howland Garth at around midday on Wednesday (July 25) under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act.

During the search inside a bag of suspected crack cocaine was found and a man, aged in his 30s and from St Albans, was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply. He has been released under investigation while the police investigation continues.

St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek said: "We are committed to tackling and disrupting drug-related crime in the city and the public can help us by being our eyes and ears on the ground and reporting any suspicious behaviour to us as soon as possible.

"If you believe drug crime is happening in your neighbourhood please report it so that we can gather intelligence and take action."

Information can be reported via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101 or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report. Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Those who are concerned about illegal drug taking can access help and advice at www.talktofrank.com.
