```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A whopping \xA33,000 was raised for two animal charities following the sale of calendars that featured the dogs from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit."
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2019
title: Charity calendar success for BCH Dog Unit
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Charity-calendar-success
```

A whopping £3,000 was raised for two animal charities following the sale of calendars that featured the dogs from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit.

A number of the dogs - including puppy Obi and police dogs Dexter, Billy and Harley - had their photos taken by Bedfordshire-based Katrina Wilson Dog Photography, who also produced the calendar.

The calendar was advertised in the press and on the Dog Unit's Facebook and Twitter pages. A minimum donation of £8 per calendar was asked for, but many donated more.

The funds have now been split between charities Luna Animal Rescue and German Shepherd Rescue Elite.

Bedfordshire-based Luna Animal Rescue has been working for around five years to help rehome dogs, cats and small animals predominantly in the South East of the UK.

German Shepherd Rescue Elite (GSRE) looks to rescue and rehome German Shepherds across the country, whilst educating people about the breed.

PC Lindsey Cox, who organised the calendar, met with Natalie Howe from Luna Animal Rescue on Monday (January 21) at Bedfordshire Police Headquarters in Kempston to hand over a cheque.

Lindsey, who is a handler and works with Police Dog Harley, said: "I could have never imagined the success and generosity we've had and I would like to say a massive thank you to everyone who supported us.

"The calendar was professionally produced and has been extremely well received, with large numbers of people buying multiple copies and donating more than we asked.

"I am so grateful to the public for getting behind us and making our fundraising a success."

Natalie said: "We are so pleased to work alongside the BCH Dog Unit and are hugely grateful for their excellent fundraising to help us.

"We are entirely funded by donations and consequently this means a great deal to such a small rescue as ourselves. All our money raised goes directly to our animals, primarily on veterinary care and training, and the donations received will be used very wisely.

"Thank you to the BCH Dog Unit, not just for keeping us all safe but for doing a fantastic charitable job too."

Allison Clarke from GSRE said: "As a charity who operate solely on public donations, we were very pleased to be asked to be part of this brilliant fundraiser and to receive the fantastic donation, which will make a huge difference to even more Shepherds that we can take in and make them safe.

"As a breed-specific charity for German Shepherds, we know the loyalty these dogs give to us even when they have not had the best lives in the past.

"People could learn a lot from these fabulous dogs and knowing that dogs like them are out fighting crime on our behalf everyday makes us feel very proud and safe.

"A massive woofing thank you to the BCH Dog unit for this awesome donation."
