```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following robbery in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-letchworth-1998G
```

* ### A 13 year old boy was robbed of his mobile phone in West View, Letchworth.

 * ### The victim was forced to change the pin on his black iPhone.

 * ### The offender is described as being a black man, aged around 18 years old, around 6ft tall with a large afro hairstyle.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Letchworth.

At around 3pm on Thursday, October 25, the victim - a 13 year old boy - was walking with a friend in West View when he was approached by a man, close to the junction with Chiltern View, who asked to borrow his mobile phone.

The offender showed the victim that he had a knife in his waistband and made him change the pin code on his iPhone.

The man then took the victim's black iPhone 7 and left, going down West View, turning left onto High View and then right onto Campers Avenue.

He is described as being a black man, aged around 18 years old, around 6ft tall with a large afro hairstyle. He was wearing a black Nike tracksuit and black Nike Air trainers which have red on the bottom.

PC Sue Loughran, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not harmed but this was a distressing incident for the boy and his friend.

"I'm appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident or seen a man matching the description in the area around the time stated to please get in touch, as you may have information that could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Loughran by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/49857/18, or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
