```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives in East Herts are currently investigating the theft of an entire church roof in East Herts. The cost of the damage is estimated to be around \xA3225,000."
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2019
title: Lead stolen from local church
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/lead-stolen-from-local-church-0393a
```

* ### Entire church room stolen in East Herts.

 * ### Thieves targeted the church two nights in the row.

 * ### Chief Inspector describes it as one of the worst cases of heritage crime the county has seen.

Detectives in East Herts are currently investigating the theft of an entire church roof in East Herts. The cost of the damage is estimated to be around £225,000.

St Mary's Church, which is located in The Street in Furneux Pelham, was targeted by thieves two nights in a row. Lead tiles were removed from the roof overnight on Saturday, June 15 and then again overnight on Sunday, June 16.

By Monday morning the entire roof had been removed, however piles of lead had been left on the ground by the church, leading officers to believe that the offenders may have been disturbed by local residents.

Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "This is one of the worst cases of heritage crime that I think we have seen in the county. The impact on the community is immense and the lack of a roof has left the church very vulnerable to the poor weather we are currently experiencing.

"The local community have been amazing and have really pitched in to help where they can and I can't thank them enough.

"We are determined to find those responsible. The lead is heavy and would need to have been removed in a large vehicle and by more than one person. If anyone saw anything suspicious in the local area on Saturday or Sunday evening I would urge them to come forward. Equally, I would urge any scrap metal dealers to contact police and provide information about this terrible offence?"

Anyone with any information about the theft should contact the East Herts Local Crime Unit on 101 quoting crime number 41/54130/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
