```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following serious collision in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-hemel-hempstead-1270
```

* ### On Monday 6 January a pedestrian was involved in a collision with a grey Renault.

 * ### The pedestrian is currently in hospital in a critical condition.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Hemel Hempstead.

On Monday 6 January, at around 5pm, a pedestrian was involved in a collision with a grey Renault Kadjar in Lawn Lane. The pedestrian, a woman in her 50s, is currently in a critical condition.

PC Michael Brander, who is investigating, said: "The woman was taken to hospital, where she remains with very serious injuries. We are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident to please come forward as a matter of urgency. This is a busy stretch of road, and the collision occurred during rush hour when the roads are at their busiest.

"If you were in the area at around 5pm on Monday and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage as soon as possible and send us anything you think could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Brander directly via email at Michael.Brander@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference Op Shandry. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
