```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 17 year old boy from Stevenage has been arrested in connection with an altercation which took place in the town centre on Friday November 2, at around lunchtime.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2018
title: Witnesses sought to town centre affray
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-to-town-centre-affray-2030E
```

* ### Teenage boy arrested in connection with affray.

 * ### Incident happened in the town centre at lunchtime.

 * ### Officers appealing for any other witnesses to come forward.

A 17 year old boy from Stevenage has been arrested in connection with an altercation which took place in the town centre on Friday November 2, at around lunchtime.

The circumstances surrounding the incident are still unclear, but it appears that two older teenage boys were involved in an argument that then turned violent, with one of the boys producing a large knife and threatening the other with it.

The altercation took place outside McDonalds in the Clock Tower Square at around 1pm. Just prior to this a teenage boy was involved in a separate incident where he was verbally threatened by another teenager who he claims appeared to be carrying a knife. This occurred just outside Primark.

No one appears to have been injured in either of the incidents.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "We have spoken to some of the people who witnessed the incident, but we know there were many others in the area at the time who saw what happened.

"My officers were on the scene within minutes and we have now made an arrest. However I would still like to hear from anyone who was in the area and witnessed the incident either outside McDonalds or near to Primark. Also if you have any information which may help us with our enquiries please get in touch."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact the Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference - 41/52630/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form . No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
