```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Twelve new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 25.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2018
title: Twelve new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Twelve-new-Special-Constables-join-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-1538
```

* ### Welcome to twelve new Special Constables who attested last week at Police Headquarters.

 * ### Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

 * ### Do you have what it takes to become a Special Constable?

Twelve new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 25.

During eleven weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those that graduated are:

 * Samuel Salmon, who will be based at Broxbourne Police Station
 * Sean Taylor, who will be based at Broxbourne Police Station
 * Helen Miller, who will be based at Hemel Hempstead Police Station
 * Calum Lazenby, who will be based at a police station in North Herts
 * Robert Dawes, who will be based at St Albans Police Station
 * Joe Geeson, who will be based at St Albans Police Station
 * George Mitchell, who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * Ryann Peterson, who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * Andrew Robinson, who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * Azhar Amin, who will be based at Watford Police Station
 * Nicholas Brooks, who will be based at Watford Police Station
 * Graham Nye, who will be based at Rickmansworth Police Station

They were joined by their family and friends.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

**Assistant Chief Constable Jane Swinburne awarded the Specials with their certificates. She said:** "The Special Constabulary is vital in supporting us to police the county effectively and efficiently. Our new recruits will bring their life experience to us whilst further developing their skills and knowledge of policing. I want to wish them all well as they now move on to undertake this vital role within the communities of Hertfordshire.

"Special Constables truly are a vital part of our policing effort in Hertfordshire and I am delighted to welcome our new recruits to the Constabulary."

S **pecial Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew, said:** "As the Special Constabulary Chief Officer, I was delighted to meet our new Special Constables and I am very proud to welcome them to our dedicated team. Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and making a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire."

**Kevin McGetrick, Head of Victims and Commissioning at the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, said:**

"There are many worthwhile volunteering endeavours available and we realise these officers have a choice so we are especially grateful they have chosen to support the police and victims of Hertfordshire.

"The Special Constabulary is an integral part of policing, and as a former Special myself I know only too well the fantastic journey our new recruits are about to embark upon."

For more information on ESP visit

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

** **

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of child sexual exploitation, cybercrime, domestic abuse and prisoner processing. Special Constables with specialist IT knowledge also work alongside police officers and staff who manage registered sex offenders.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.

Twelve new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
