```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged attempted robbery in Hitchin are appealing for help in tracing a member of the public who assisted the victim.
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2018
title: "Appeal following an alleged attempted robbery \u2013 Hitchin"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-alleged-attempted-robbery-hitchin-1743
```

* ### Were you the man who helped a teenage boy who was the victim of an attempted robbery in Hitchin?

 * ### It happened on Grove Road, at the entrance to Ransom's recreation ground, between 3.50pm and 4pm on Thursday, September 6

 * ### If you have any information that could assist the investigation, please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/34440/18

Officers investigating an alleged attempted robbery in Hitchin are appealing for help in tracing a member of the public who assisted the victim.

It happened on Grove Road, at the entrance to Ransom's recreation ground, between 3.50pm and 4pm yesterday (Thursday, September 6).

It was reported that the victim, a 15-year-old boy, was riding his bike when he was approached by the offender who blocked his path and threatened him before trying to steal his bicycle.

The offender, a teenage boy, then pushed the victim before punching him in the face and kicking him in the head.

The victim managed to get away on his bike and a male passer-by came up to him after the attack to ask if he was okay.

Detective Constable Gary Larkman, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a nasty attack on the victim who was left shaken but thankfully not seriously injured. I am now doing all I can to identify the person responsible.

"As part of my enquiries, I am very keen to speak to the Good Samaritan who came to the victim's aid after the attack.

"Was this you? Or perhaps your friend or family member told them about the good deed they had done yesterday?

"If you have any information that could assist the investigation, please email me on _gary.larkman@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/34440/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report _"_

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
