```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a serious road traffic collision in Stevenage last week are re-appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2018
title: Re-appeal for witnesses following collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Re-appeal-for-witnesses-following-collision-in-Stevenage-1446E
```

* ### Police are re-appealing for witnesses following a collision involving a cyclist and a Fiat 500 in Stevenage.

 * ### It happened on Monkswood Way at around 4.40pm on Thursday, January 4.

 * ### The cyclist remains in a critical condition in hospital.

Police investigating a serious road traffic collision in Stevenage last week are re-appealing for witnesses to come forward.

The incident occurred at around 4.40pm on Thursday, January 4, in Monkswood Way, at the junction with the entrance to Asda car park.

For reasons unknown at this stage a Fiat 500 was involved in a collision with a cyclist.

The cyclist, a man aged in his 30s, sustained life-threatening injuries and was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital where he remains at this time in a critical condition.

The driver of the Fiat was uninjured.

Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or events leading up to it, to get in touch.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 514 of January 4. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
