```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Jewellery continues to be the most common item being stolen by burglars in the St Albans district this week.
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2019
title: Keep your jewellery out of sight warn police
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keep-your-jewellery-out-of-sight-warn-police-0965f
```

* ## Jewellery continues to be the most common item being stolen by burglars in the St Albans district this week.

 * ## Burglaries have been in St Stephens and the Camp/Fleetville.

 * ## Keep jewellery in a bank or safe and consider investing in an alarm, doorbell camera, timer lights, outside sensor lights, or CCTV.

Jewellery continues to be the most common item being stolen by burglars in the St Albans district this week.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick said: "We have seen burglaries in St Stephens and the Camp/Fleetville area in particular recently. These are opportunist burglaries with burglars disturbed at one address by an alarm. We continue to patrol current hotspots, previous hotspots and speak to offenders with a history of burglaries, as part of an in-depth plan to prevent burglaries from happening in the first place."

She added: "However, we need residents to do their bit too. It's a good idea to keep valuable jewellery in a bank, or a safe if it is kept at home, in a place that is not obvious. Burglars want to be in and out of an address as quickly as possible and don't want to get caught. Don't make it easy for them. Consider investing in an alarm, doorbell camera, timer lights, outside sensor lights, or CCTV. These all act as deterrents for a thief scouring an area to find the quickest way in to an address without being seen.

"Please also let us know if you see anyone acting suspiciously. This gives us every opportunity to catch a burglar in the act. Some of you have been sending us in footage of prowlers caught on your CCTV systems. That is very helpful to us to try to identify suspects and areas to patrol."

_A large quantity of jewellery was stolen from an address in Cunningham Hill Road between 3.30pm and 6pm on Tuesday October 29. (41/9794/19)._

_Two suspects were disturbed by a householder at an address in Willowside, London Colney, at 10pm on Tuesday 29 th October. Nothing was stolen or damaged. (41/98300/19)_

_An alarm went off following a burglary in Antoine Gate around 7pm yesterday (Wednesday October 30) (41/98303/19). This alerted a neighbour and may have disturbed the offender._

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in Augustus Close, between 5.40pm and 7pm yesterday, which is being linked to the Antoine Gate burglary above (41/98314/19)._

Anyone with information about any of these burglaries is asked to report it to police.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime number above. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
