```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the death of a man in Berkhamsted last night (Friday February 23).
publish:
  date: 24 Feb 2018
title: "Police launch murder investigation \u2013 Berkhamsted"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-launch-murder-investigation-Berkhamsted-1691
```

* ### Police launch murder enquiry following death of man in Berkhamsted

 * ### Detectives appealing for witnesses and information as part of investigation

 * ### Increased police patrols in area tonight to offer reassurance to residents

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the death of a man in Berkhamsted last night (Friday February 23).

Officers were alerted by the ambulance service to a man suffering from a serious leg injury in Westfield Road at 10.17pm. Officers attended the incident immediately however a short time later the man, who is believed to be an 18-year-old local man, was pronounced dead at the scene.

The death is considered suspicious and a murder investigation has been launched by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit. A cordon was set up in Westfield Road as scenes of crime investigators gathered evidence in the area.

Detective Chief Inspector Mike Branston from the MCU said: "This is a fast moving investigation with a number of lines of enquiry which we are currently pursuing. I would appeal to anyone who knows anything about this incident to contact police as soon as possible."

Paul Mitson, Chief Inspector for Dacorum, said: "I know this incident will come has as a shock to people in Berkhamsted. We are committed to finding out exactly what happened and residents may have seen a significant policing presence in the town today as we investigate the circumstances around this tragic death.

"We are increasing the number of officers on patrol in the area today and this evening. Please feel free to approach them if you have any concerns."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Centas, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
