```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are urging anyone who received new tools or a bicycle for Christmas to take steps to help keep them safe from opportunist thieves.
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2018
title: Security marking events in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/security-marking-events-in-abbots-langley
```

* ### Free security marking events will take place at Abbots Langley police station this month.

 * ### Officers will be marking tools and bikes.

 * ### Marking items in this way makes them less attractive to thieves.

Police are urging anyone who received new tools or a bicycle for Christmas to take steps to help keep them safe from opportunist thieves.

As part of this crime prevention work, two free security marking events will be held at Abbots Langley police station this month.

On Sunday, January 21, between 9am and midday, officers will be engraving tools. The following Saturday (January 27), between the same times, officers will be on hand to security mark new bicycles and register them on the online property database immobilise.com

PCSO Paul Cook, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "If you've received expensive gifts for Christmas, it makes sense to keep them as secure as possible.

"Unfortunately, we have seen a rise in tool thefts across Hertfordshire this year. Engraving tools makes them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell on. It also means that, should they ever be lost or stolen and subsequently recovered, they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily.

"The same goes for bicycles; every year we recover dozens of bikes and have no way of telling who they belong to. Security marking them is a simple solution and takes just minutes. There's no need to make an appointment, just pop along on the day."

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help keep your bike more secure:**

 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen and register it on immobilise.com
 * Never leave your bike unattended without locking it up. The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a bike rack, lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights, take them with you when you leave your bike.
