```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a road traffic collision in Letchworth Gate are re-appealing for information and witnesses after the victim sadly passed away.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2018
title: "Re-appeal after road traffic collision victim passes away \u2013 Letchworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-after-road-traffic-collision-victim-passes-away-letchworth-0381
```

* ### Man in his 80s passes away in hospital after being involved in a collision in Letchworth on Saturday, May 12.

 * ### He was riding a scooter when it was in collision with a green Honda Jazz at Junction 9 of the A1(M) southbound.

 * ### Investigating officers are re-appealing for information and dash cam footage in particular.

Officers investigating a road traffic collision in Letchworth Gate are re-appealing for information and witnesses after the victim sadly passed away.

It happened just after 4.20pm on Saturday, May 12 at junction 9 exit slip of the A1(M) southbound.

A green Honda Jazz and a white Honda Forza scooter were in collision, causing the rider of the scooter - a man in his 80s - to fall from his vehicle, causing serious leg injuries. The driver of the car was uninjured.

He was taken to hospital for treatment but sadly passed away on Thursday, June 7. His family are aware and are being supported by specially-trained officers.

PC Carl Callan, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This is a really sad case as the victim has now passed away as a result of his injuries. We released an initial appeal for witnesses at the time but we are still working hard to establish exactly what happened in the lead up to the collision, so we can give the victim's family the answers they need and deserve.

"The location of the collision was on a busy roundabout junction and there would undoubtedly have been other motorists around at the time, who may have witnessed what happened or the aftermath.

"Do you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? Were you in the area around the time of the crash? If so, we would be very keen to see your footage as you may have captured something of significance without even realising it."

If you have any information that could help with officers' enquiries, please contact PC Callan, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 555 of May 12 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
