```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Stanstead Abbotts.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following robbery in Stanstead Abbotts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-stanstead-abbotts-1083a
```

* ## The incident happened in the playground off the High Street, on Wednesday 30 December.

 * ## A 14 year old boy was hit in the face and his e-scooter was stolen.

 * ## Call 101 or email DC Rebecca Natali at rebecca.natali@herts.pnn.police.uk if you can help.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Stanstead Abbotts.

The incident happened in the playground off the High Street, on Wednesday 30 December. At around 4.15pm, the victims - a 13 year old boy and a 14 year old boy - were approached by the two suspects (both teenage boys). A verbal altercation ensued and one of the suspects hit the 14 year old twice on the face. The two suspects then made off via the car park towards the High Street after stealing the 14 year old's electric scooter and bag. It was reported that one of the suspects was in possession of a knife.

One of the suspects is described as white, around 16 years old and approximately 5ft 9in - 5ft 10in tall. He was wearing a black beanie hat, a darkish green rain jacket with the hood up, dark coloured joggers and a black manbag with the bag covering his stomach. The other suspect is described as white, around 16 years old and approximately 5ft 8in tall. He was wearing a dark blue raincoat with the hood up and grey joggers. He had short hair, medium- to dark brown- coloured, with a fringe.

Both are believed to have spoken with local accents.

Detective Constable Rebecca Natali, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We are carrying out extensive enquiries to establish the circumstances surrounding this incident and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened or anyone with information about the robbery to get in touch.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email Detective Constable Rebecca Natali quoting crime references 41/104306/20 and 41/104326/20."You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Herts echo and tell us your thoughts.
