```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police were called by a member of the public at 7.43am on Saturday 5 October to report they had found what they suspected to be a human body, in woodland off Chadwell Road, Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2019
title: Body discovered in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/body-discovered-in-stevenage-0862e
```

* ### Police were called by a member of the public on Saturday 5 October to report they had found what they suspected to be a human body, in woodland in Stevenage.

 * ### Officers are still in attendance at the scene.

 * ### No identification has been made at this time but officers are exploring a line of inquiry that it could be Joy Morgan.

Police were called by a member of the public at 7.43am on Saturday 5 October to report they had found what they suspected to be a human body, in woodland off Chadwell Road, Stevenage.

Officers are still in attendance at the scene.

No identification has been made at this time but officers are exploring a line of inquiry that it could be Joy Morgan, who was reported missing in February.

Joy's family have been informed and are being supported by specially-trained officers. They have asked for their privacy to be respected at this difficult time.

A post-mortem is due to take place tomorrow (Tuesday 8 October).

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
