```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are aware of footage circulating on social media from the Black Lives Matter protest in Hoddesdon yesterday and fully understand the concerns that this has caused among members of the public.
publish:
  date: 9 Jun 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary statement
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-statement
```

We are aware of footage circulating on social media from the Black Lives Matter protest in Hoddesdon on Monday, 8 June 2020 and fully understand the concerns that this has caused among members of the public.

An investigation is underway and we want to reassure you that the matter is being treated seriously with positive lines of inquiry being actively pursued.

Our county is home to thousands of people from a wide variety of cultural backgrounds, and we want every single person to feel safe and supported by their police force. Recent events have made us more determined than ever to continue working closely with all of our communities, while learning and striving to deliver fair and proportionate policing for everyone. Difficult decisions sometimes have to be taken during large public gatherings around how officers respond to spontaneous activity.

Assessments are based on risk and public safety however this does not mean criminal acts will be tolerated or ignored. We are in the process of gathering evidence and will take appropriate action in due course.

Hertfordshire Constabulary Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson said: "We understand that people of all ethnicities, throughout Hertfordshire and beyond rightly feel horrified about the death of George Floyd in America.

"We as a Constabulary stand shoulder to shoulder with those across the country, and indeed the world, who are both saddened and angered by the way Mr Floyd lost his life on 25 May.

"We will always challenge discrimination and racism wherever we find it and investigate crime reported to us and are taking action as a result of what happened in Hoddesdon yesterday."
