```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three people were arrested after officers from the Operation Scorpion team executed a drugs warrant in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 21 Jun 2018
title: Three people arrested after warrant is executed in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-people-arrested-after-warrant-is-executed-in-welwyn-garden-city-0409
```

* ### Officers officers executed a drug warrant at an address in Kingscroft, Welwyn Garden City, yesterday afternoon (June 20)

 * ### Three men have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs and released under investigation

 * ### During a search of the property, a quantity of what is believed to be Class A drugs (cocaine) was seized

Three people were arrested after officers from the Operation Scorpion* team executed a drugs warrant in Welwyn Garden City.

It was actioned yesterday afternoon (Wednesday, June 20) at an address in Kingscroft.

During a search of the property, a quantity of what is believed to be Class A drugs (cocaine) was seized.

A 43-year-old man of no fixed abode, a 42-year-old man from Hatfield and a 20-year-old man from Stevenage were all arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs.

All three have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "The supply and use of drugs in Welwyn Hatfield is a blight on the community and will not be tolerated.

"We are doing everything we can to crack down on drug-related crime in the area and the public can be our eyes and ears by reporting any behaviour that appears suspicious to us as soon as possible.

"Any information you can provide, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could potentially be the missing piece of the puzzle that we need in order to apprehend an offender."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report. Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

*Operation Scorpion targets burglars, robbers and those involved in drug and vehicle-related crime. The proactive team is focused on those criminals causing the most harm to our communities.
