```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2018
title: Did you witness alleged assault in Stevenage?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-alleged-assault-in-Stevenage
```

* ### A woman was allegedly pushed out of a moving van in Stevenage.

 * ### It is believed that a man may have witnessed the alleged incident.

 * ### Officers would like to speak to him as he may have information that could assist the investigation.

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 9.30am and 10am on Saturday, November 4, it is alleged that the victim was travelling in a silver Volkswagen van in Great Ashby Way when she was pushed out of the passenger side of the vehicle while it was still moving.

The woman suffered bruising and grazes to her hands and legs.

Investigator Victoria Palumbo said: "We believe that a man witnessed what happened and spoke to both the victim and driver of the van at the time.

"I'm keen to speak to this man as he may have information that could assist our investigation.

"Please get in touch by emailing victoria.palumbo@herts.pnn.police.uk, or contact me by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference E1/18/872, alternatively report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"Anyone else with information regarding this incident can get in touch with me through the same channels. Alternatively, if you'd rather provide information anonymously contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
