```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced to a total of 33 years in prison following a feud between rival drug gangs which led to two people being stabbed.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2017
title: Two sentenced over stabbing in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-sentenced-over-stabbing-in-Watford
```

* ### The pair were sentenced to a total of 33 years imprisonment between them

 * ### One of the victims was left in a critical condition in hospital

 * ### The detective who led the case has been praised for her work on the investigation

Two men have been sentenced to a total of 33 years in prison following a feud between rival drug gangs which led to two people being stabbed.

At around 4.30pm on Sunday, May 21, 2017, police attended a flat in Flanders Court, in St Albans Road, Watford, following reports of an altercation. Two men were found to have sustained stab wounds.

One of the victims received serious injuries to his chest and was left in a critical condition in hospital. He has since recovered. The other was discharged from hospital the same day after receiving injuries to his face and upper leg.

An investigation was launched by the Watford Local Crime Unit and charges were bought against five people two days later.

Following a two week trial at St Albans Crown Court, Dejuan Davis and Kamare Darroux were found guilty on Tuesday, November 28 of conspiracy to commit section 18 GBH and conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

Davis, aged 18, from London, was sentenced to 17 years while Darroux, aged 20, from Charter Place in Watford, was sentenced to 16 years.

Detective Sergeant Ian Siggery, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "I am pleased with the sentences handed down to Davis and Derroux. I hope this court result sends a strong message that the supply of drugs and associated crime will not be tolerated in Watford. We will do everything in our power to disrupt organised crime groups and bring offenders to justice. If you have any information about people who may be involved in organised crime, please contact police. Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously.

"I would also like to praise the exceptional work and tenacity shown by the investigating officer, DC Hannah Curnow. She spent six months working on this case and was praised by our prosecution counsel for her investigation and case presentation."

The case against a 33-year-old man was discontinued prior to trial. A 49-year-old man and a 28-year-old woman were acquitted.
