```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police met with members of the Hatfield business community on Friday (18 October) to tell them about a new scheme which gives shopkeepers and business owners in the town centre a platform to share their views on local policing.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2019
title: Police meet with the Hatfield Town Centre business community
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-meet-with-the-hatfield-town-centre-business-community-0934b
```

* ### Police met with members of the Hatfield business community on Friday (18 October).

 * ### A new scheme gives shopkeepers and business owners in the town centre a platform to share their views on local policing.

 * ### Officers are keen to hear from residents as well as business owners and shopkeepers.

Police met with members of the Hatfield business community on Friday (18 October) to tell them about a new scheme which gives shopkeepers and business owners in the town centre a platform to share their views on local policing.

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team visited a number of shops in Hatfield Town Centre to show them how to use the Constabulary's new feedback service, echo.

PC Adam Haines said: "Using echo, shopkeepers and business owners in Hatfield Town Centre can tell us their views on policing in the area, so that we can take necessary action to improve our response.

"We are keen for the business community to get in touch and tell us what matters most to them about crime and anti-social behaviour in the town centre. Your views can be shared with us easily at any time here.

"While we are working closely with the business community in Hatfield Town Centre, we are also keen to hear residents' perspectives. If you're a local resident and you want to let us know what matters most to you about policing in the town centre, please visit to have your say and shape how we address local issues."

You can keep up-to-date with Welwyn Hatfield Police on their recently launched Facebook page.
