```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: 'A fourth person has been arrested in connection with the murder of a 26 year old man.

    Esam Ayad, from Harlow in Essex, was shot at an address in Ogard Road, Hoddesdon, on Tuesday, December 4 at around 9.25pm. He was rushed to hospital but sadly later died from his injuries.'
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2018
title: Hoddesdon shooting murder investigation update
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hoddesdon-shooting-murder-investigation-update-2249K
```

* A fourth person has been arrested in connection with the murder of a 26-year-old man in Hoddesdon.
 * A 27-year-old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder in Letchworth yesterday.
 * Three other people have already been arrested on suspicion of murder.

A fourth person has been arrested in connection with the murder of a 26 year old man.

Esam Ayad, from Harlow in Essex, was shot at an address in Ogard Road, Hoddesdon, on Tuesday, December 4 at around 9.25pm. He was rushed to hospital but sadly later died from his injuries.

A 27 year old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder in Letchworth yesterday (Friday, December 14). He remains in police custody at this stage.

Three other people have already been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the investigation. They are a 16 year old boy and 27 year old man, both from Broxbourne, who have been released on police bail while the investigation continues, and a 25 year old man, of no fixed address, who has been recalled to prison.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are continuing to appeal for information and would like to speak to anyone who was in the area on the night of the shooting.

If you were in the Ogard Road, Castle Road, Old Highway, Old Highway Recreation Ground, Lee Road or St Cuthberts Road areas between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday, December 4 please call police on 101, quoting crime reference 41/62710/18, or get in touch with the investigating team online at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/35SA020118R11-PO1.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
