```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of an 86-year-old Hemel Hempstead woman, who sadly died after being involved in a road collision, have paid tribute to the well-known community figure.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Family pay tribute to community stalwart who died after collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-pay-tribute-to-community-stalwart-who-died-after-collision-0485d
```

* ### Family tribute to 86-year-old community stalwart.

 * ### Did you see road collision in Hemel?

 * ### Officers still seeking witnesses.

The family of an 86-year-old Hemel Hempstead woman, who sadly died after being involved in a road collision, have paid tribute to the well-known community figure.

Diana Edwards, who had lived in the town for 25 years, was walking home from her daily shopping trip when she was involved in a collision with a single-decker coach on Leighton Buzzard Road on Friday 28 June. She died on Wednesday 10 July.

Born in north London, one of three children, as a young women she was a keen horse-rider and racing cyclist and emigrdated to Canada in 1954 with her husband, moving to New Zealand in the early 1970s and back to the UK later that decade. She worked for Northamptonshire County Council's social services department for many years and moved to Hemel when she took early retirement.

A mother of one son and two daughters, with six grandchildren, Diana was an active member of the local University of the Third Age (U3A), helping to run one of its painting groups for many years. She enjoyed playing Scrabble, whist, bowls and had been an accomplished bridge player and golfer, winning many trophies. She still volunteered at St John's Church's friendship teas.

"She was very independent, a keen walker and still walked into town every day," said her eldest daughter. "She was very active, a regular churchgoer at St John's, Boxmoor, who always had to be doing something useful, like gardening. She was very smart, was a plain speaker and didn't suffer fools gladly, but she was also very generous, a kind and loving person."

Police investigating the collision, which happened just before 1.15pm on Friday 28 June, are still seeking witnesses to the incident - particularly anyone who may have captured footage on dash cameras. The air ambulance was called to the scene.

PC Carl Callan, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "While we have already spoken to a number of people as part of our enquiries into the incident we would still like further witnesses to come forward. We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage of what happened."

Anyone with information should contact investigating officer PC Callan via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Newlands - ISR 369 of 28 June. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
