```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A specialist team dedicated to tackling County Lines carried out an operation against drug gangs yesterday (Wednesday January 23) making four arrests.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2019
title: Four arrested as County Lines gang crime targeted during week of action
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Four-arrested-as-County-Lines-gang-crime-targeted-during-week-of-action-2355
```

* ## Four men arrest in County Lines drug gangs operation

 * ## Operation Mantis officers searched addresses across the county on Wednesday January 23

 * ## The operation was part of a campaign in London and the eastern region to combat County Lines drug gangs

A specialist team dedicated to tackling County Lines carried out an operation against drug gangs on Wednesday January 23 making four arrests.

The operation was part of a week of action being carried out in London and across the eastern region this week (Monday 21 - Friday 25 January). The four arrested were:

 * A 20 year old man from London who was arrested in Stoke Newington on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs
 * A 17 year old man from Drayton Park, London, who was arrested in Jubilee Court, Hatfield on suspicion of being in possession with intent to supply class A drugs
 * A 21 year old man from South Norwood who was arrested in Trumper Road, Stevenage on suspicion of being in possession with intent to supply class A drugs.
 * A 26 year old man from Enfield who was arrested in Hertford Road, Enfield on suspicion of being in possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis, supported by the National Crime Agency (NCA) and Eastern Region Special Operations Unit served warrants at addresses across the county, as part of a national drive led by the new National County Lines Co-ordination Centre, to disrupt and arrest those involved in County Lines.

The Operation Mantis team was launched by the in 2018 and is made up of officers who specialise in targeting serious and organised crime. Their aim is to identify and disrupt County Line gang activity and the associated crime that goes with it.

"We continue to work with partners to raise awareness of County Lines among young people, parents, teachers and other members of the community to help protect the vulnerable and prevent them from being pulled into County Lines activity."

"Following on from several months of intelligence gathering and working with our partners, we were able to carry out a number of warrants across the county, which has helped to disrupt the activities of County Lines gangs, resulting in arrests, drugs and cash seizures and also helped towards efforts to safeguard the vulnerable.

"Often the victims of this type of crime are young and vulnerable people who are threatened and exploited by these gangs. The impact on the local communities where they operate can be significant, spreading crime and violence.

"Police forces across the country took part in the coordinated week of action to target those who are involved in drugs supply and exploiting the vulnerable. These gangs work and supply drugs across county borders, so we have worked closely with neighbouring forces to identify and gather evidence against those involved.

Detective Inspector Jim Luxon from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Op Mantis team, said: "Following on from our last week of action in October, we are looking to keep the pressure on those involved in gangs and drug related crime. We're being proactive in preventing these organisations from moving into Hertfordshire, which is a growing national issue that we must target through early disruption and, wherever possible, before serious offences occur.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
