```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged in connection with several motor vehicle offences which were carried out in the St Albans area.
publish:
  date: 25 Aug 2018
title: Man charged with thefts from motor vehicles in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-charged-with-thefts-from-motor-vehicles-in-St-Albans-1698
```

* ## Man charged with theft from vehicles in St Albans

 * ## Timothy MacGuinness, 39, charged with theft and fraud offences

 * ## St Albans Police urge drivers to lock vehicles when unattended

A man has been charged in connection with several motor vehicle offences which were carried out in the St Albans area.

Timothy McGuinnes, aged 39, of no fixed abode, was charged with two counts of interfering with a vehicle, two counts of theft from a motor vehicle and taking a vehicle without consent. He was also charged with handling a stolen bank card and fraud by false representation for using the card.

Detective Sergeant Adrian Lysak, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing to focus on motor vehicles crime in St Albans and the surrounding district. We are acting on intelligence we receive which has enabled us to make key arrests. We will continue to target offenders with increased patrols and covert operations.

"Many of the thefts recently have not involved any kind of forced entry to vehicles. The offenders have been able to gain access because they have been left unlocked. I would like to remind residents to secure their vehicles when they leave them unattended and to remove any property from within to help discourage offenders from targeting the vehicle."

You can report crime by going online at www.herts.police.uk/report or by calling 101. If you believe a crime is in progress, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
