```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2021
title: Did you witness an assault in Waltham Cross?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-waltham-cross-1301k
```

* ### The incident occurred in the High Street.

 * ### A man in his 50s suffered a head injury following an altercation with a group of teenagers.

 * ### Witnesses are being asked to come forward.

Detectives investigating an assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in the High Street, near the British Heart Foundation shop, sometime between 6.20pm and 6.30pm on Tuesday (9 March).

It was reported that an altercation occurred between a man aged in his 50s and a group of teenagers.

The man was then pushed to the ground by one of the group, leaving him unconscious for a short time. He sustained a head injury and remains in hospital.

Detective Constable Paul Dicker, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "We are aware that there were members of the public passing through the town around the time of the incident. We are keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed what happened, or the events leading up to it.

"If you have any other information which could help us identify the members of the group, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact DC Dicker by email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/17169/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
