```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Welwyn Hatfield police officer has received a Royal Humane Society Award after administering life-saving CPR to a member of the public.
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2019
title: Welwyn Hatfield police officer receives Royal Humane Society Award
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-police-officer-receives-royal-humane-society-award-1116b
```

* ## Earlier this year, PC Jordan Willett administered first aid to a man who had collapsed in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ## The man recovered and later visited PC Willett to thank him.

 * ## PC Willett's actions were formally recognised by The Royal Humane Society at Hertfordshire Constabulary Headquarters.

A Welwyn Hatfield police officer has received a Royal Humane Society Award after administering life-saving CPR to a member of the public.

Earlier this year, PC Jordan Willett, who is based in the Welwyn Hatfield Intervention Team (responding to emergency 999 calls), went above and beyond in his duties, saving the life of a man who had collapsed in Welwyn Garden City.

In recognition of this, PC Willett was presented with a Royal Humane Society Award on Tuesday 19 November at Hertfordshire Constabulary Headquarters. The Royal Humane Society is a charity granting awards for acts of bravery in saving human life. PC Willett's award was presented to him by Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Jaswant Kaur Narwal, Chief Crown Prosecutor for the Thames and Chiltern CPS.

On Tuesday 12 February, PC Willett was on patrol in Welwyn Garden City as part of the mental health triage service which sees police officers crewed with a mental health nurse. They were alerted to a medical incident unfolding in the Campus West car park and upon arrival found a member of the public, Michael Buzzacott, who had collapsed and become unresponsive. PC Willett immediately commenced CPR until Michael began breathing on his own.

After being taken to hospital and placed into an induced coma, Michael thankfully recovered and in March he visited PC Willett at Hatfield Police Station to thank him.

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "PC Willett's actions on that day are something that all police officers should aspire to. Every officer is trained in first aid and this incident really shows the importance of those skills.

"I am very proud of PC Willett's quick thinking and professionalism and I am glad that this has been formally recognised. I hope that his success in administering CPR inspires others to use or learn first aid skills."

To keep up-to-date with policing in Welwyn Hatfield, go to the Welwyn Hatfield Police Facebook page.
