```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men and two women have been arrested in connection with purse-dipping offences following a number of thefts across the county.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2018
title: Four people arrested in connection with purse dipping offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Four-people-arrested-in-connection-with-purse-dipping-offences-2052
```

Two men and two women have been arrested in connection with purse-dipping offences following a number of thefts across the county.

The following people have been charged with conspiracy to steal, which relates to 12 offences of theft that are alleged to have taken place in St Albans, Dacorum, East Herts and Broxbourne between July 2018 and November 7, 2018. The oldest victim was 98 years old.

 * Carmen Feraru, aged 43, of Longbridge Road, Dagenham
 * Razvan Dorosin, aged 32, of Longbridge Road, Dagenham
 * Marius Hewson, aged 39, of Longbridge Road, Dagenham

A 47 year old woman from Dagenham, who was also arrested in connection with the investigation, has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The other three people remain in police custody and are due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Friday).

The arrests follow an operation to tackle purse dipping by the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team, the St Albans Local Crime Unit and the Specialist Investigation Team.

Harpenden Neighbourhood Sergeant Jordon Fox said: "There is some simple crime prevention advice that people can follow to help them reduce their chances of being targeted by thieves.

"Please keep your bag on you at all times with it zipped up and be aware of people distracting you or brushing past you. Please also keep an eye out for elderly or vulnerable members of the public, who unfortunately are sometimes targeted by thieves."

If you see a crime in progress, call 999. If reporting after the event, please dial 101 or report online www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report _._
