```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in East Herts are reiterating advice around the use of electric scooters, following a surge in the number of young people riding them illegally.
publish:
  date: 17 Mar 2021
title: Advice around use of e-scooters
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-around-use-of-e-scooters-1320a
```

* ## Police are reminding people of the regulations around e-scooters.

 * ## There has been a surge in young people riding them illegally.

 * ## Officers have been engaging with local schools.

Police in East Herts are reiterating advice around the use of electric scooters, following a surge in the number of young people riding them illegally.

E-scooters have increased in popularity in recent years but are currently only legal to ride on private land with the landowner's permission, or as part of a government trial.

Riding an e-scooter in public when it is not part of an authorised trial is against the law and can result in penalty points, a fine and the vehicle being seized.

East Herts Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt said: "With trials of rented e-scooters taking place around the country, some people are purchasing their own in the mistaken belief they can legally use them on public paths and roads. This is not the case and we are finding that otherwise law-abiding citizens are inadvertently breaking the law in this way.

"One of the main issues we are currently experiencing in the local area is children using them to travel to and from school. Not only is this illegal, but it also presents a real danger to both the rider and pedestrians.

"Our focus is engaging with members of the public, to make them aware of the law regarding e-scooters. PCSOs have been liaising with local schools to reiterate advice and I would encourage parents to please ensure their children are following the guidelines correctly."

For more information on using publicly owned e-scooters please read the Government legislation (opens in a new window). See guidance on rented e-scooters used as part of a government trial (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Herts echo (opens in a new window) and tell us your thoughts.
