```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating an alleged assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2018
title: "Appeal following assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-bishops-stortford-2252a
```

* ### An 18-year-old man sustained bruising to his face after he was assaulted.

 * ### The assault occurred near the bus interchange in Station Road.

 * ### It's believed there were members of the public who witnessed the incident.

Police investigating an alleged assault in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 11.25pm on Wednesday, December 5 an 18-year-old man was at the train station when he was approached by a group of men. The group chased him and confronted him at the bus interchange in Station Road before assaulting him.

The victim sustained a graze and bruising to his face and his phone was broken.

The group left after the man went into the Rose and Crown Public House.

PC Neil Randall is investigating and said: "It's believed there were members of the public in the area when the incident occurred and I'd like to hear from anyone who saw what happened.

"If you were at the train station or in Station Road and saw any part of the incident please contact me via email or via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/63014/18. You can also report information online."

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
