```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of theft and criminal damage in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2021
title: Witness appeal following theft and criminal damage in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-theft-and-criminal-damage-in-welwyn-garden-city-1063b
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought after gas canisters were stolen from a burger van in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### The incident took place in Borrowfield on Sunday 13 December.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/100186/20 if you can help our enquiries.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of theft and criminal damage in Welwyn Garden City.

At around 11pm on Sunday 13 December, it has been reported that two men approached a mobile burger van in Burrowfield and damaged a side panel to gain entry before taking two large orange gas canisters.

One of the offenders is described as a white man, in his 30s, of a stocky build, with his hair shaved at the sides and a goatee beard. He was wearing a Puma sweatshirt. There is no description of the second man. It is believed they were using a blue Ford Mondeo.

PC Aimee Smith, who is investigating, said: "Were you in or around Burrowfield at the time of this incident?

"If so, did you see anything suspicious or do you have CCTV which covers the area?

"If you are able to help please contact us to assist with our enquiries.

"I can be contacted directly via email at aimee.smith@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/100186/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
