```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Understanding Black history and celebrating achievements, is the theme for Hertfordshire Constabulary this October, as it joins organisations across the country to celebrate Black History Month.
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary celebrates Black History Month
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-celebrates-black-history-month-0696all
```

* ## Hertfordshire Constabulary re-states its determination to tackle racism and race hate crime.

 * ## Chief Constable says there has never been a more important time to support and listen to BAME communities.

 * ## Local officers join their BAME communities to celebrate and learn.

Understanding Black history and celebrating achievements, is the theme for Hertfordshire Constabulary this October, as it joins organisations across the country to celebrate Black History Month.

"October not only gives us an opportunity to celebrate the contribution of black, Asian and minority ethnic communities across the county, it also enables me to re-state the force's determination to tackle racism and hate crime," explained Chief Constable Charlie Hall.

"It is also a time when we should reflect on the history of our diverse communities, their key and defining moments, and the different journeys individuals have been on. Understanding the past helps us to shape and define a more just and equitable future.

"Given the backdrop of 2020 with Black Lives Matters protests and the apparent discriminating impact of COVID-19, there has never been a more important time to support and listen to our BAME communities, in a drive to improve the service we deliver to keep people safe.

"Across October, my teams of officers and staff will be involved with various engagement events, celebrations and operations, which I hope will be well received in the community. Of course, we have to comply with social distancing rules but that doesn't mean we should stop engaging with communities, we just have to be more creative!"

As well as the celebration events, the force is focussing on four key themes this year. These are education, community engagement, recruitment and progression. The Constabulary already provides dedicated mentors for BAME recruits, but is ambitious to do more.

"Our network of volunteers from diverse backgrounds continue to be valued 'critical friends' and help us to respond more effectively to the complexities of modern-day policing," continues Chief Constable Hall. "In Hertfordshire we want to be the best that we can be for everyone, and if that requires changing how we approach things, then that is what we will do.

"My thanks to all the communities who support and advise us every day of the year on a vast array of cultural and religious issues. You help us see the world in a myriad of different perspectives and better understand the needs of local residents.

"I am hoping Black History Month 2020 will help us understand even more and be a fitting celebration of all that individuals from black, Asian and minority ethnic communities contribute."

If you are interested in what's happening nationally please click on this link, but also so look out for updates on the Constabulary's social media platforms.

** **
