```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who raped three children has been sentenced to 19 years behind bars.
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2018
title: Man who raped three children is jailed for 19 years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-who-raped-three-children-is-jailed-for-19-years
```

* ### Philip Parker, 63, has been jailed for 19 years for 10 offences of rape.

 * ### He was convicted by a jury in February this year.

 * ### His abuse spanned over more than three decades.

 * ### Judge Stephen Warner described Parker as 'predatory' and 'controlling'.

A man who raped three children has been sentenced to 19 years behind bars.

Sixty three year old Philip Parker's abuse spanned over more than three decades between 1968 and 2004 and occurred while he was living in Letchworth and Essex.

He was arrested by Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2015 and charged with 10 offences of rape.

In February this year, following a three week trial, Parker, formerly of Coopers Villas, Takeley in Essex was convicted of all offences by a jury at St Albans Crown Court.

He was remanded in custody for sentencing which took place at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (June 9).

Parker was also given an additional one year on licence, he will be on the Sex Offenders Register for life and was made subject of an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order by Judge Stephen Warner, who described him as 'predatory', 'controlling' and 'without shame or empathy'.

Yasmeen Malik, Senior Crown Prosecutor for Thames and Chiltern Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said: "For more than 35 years, Parker systematically and violently sexually abused three young girls; telling two of them he would kill them if they told anyone what he was doing to them.

"In 1985 he was convicted at Cambridge Crown Court of two counts of gross indecency against a girl between 1981 and 1984 and was jailed for two years, which shows he has a propensity for sexual offending. He is clearly a depraved, ruthless and dangerous man.

"Parker denied any sexual wrongdoing, but on Tuesday, February 20, following a three-week trial at St Albans Crown Court he was found guilty of ten counts of rape.

"We worked closely with Hertfordshire Constabulary from early in the investigation to help build the strongest possible prosecution case. Their investigators, and CPS lawyers and caseworkers have worked tirelessly to bring this prosecution to court.

"It would not have been possible without the courage of the victims, who were willing to support proceedings. I commend them for their bravery. Time has not diminished the effect the abuse has had on the victims' lives. They have waited a long time for justice and I hope that the convictions and today's sentence give some small comfort to them after all these years. Our thoughts are very much with them all at this time.

"I urge any victims of sexual abuse to come forward and report it. We will support you in giving evidence so that your attackers can be brought to justice, and others like you can be saved from a similar horrific ordeal."

**Those who have been a victim of sexual abuse or sexual violence and do not wish to speak to police directly can contact the independent Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email** **Herts.SARC@nhs.net** **or visit** **www.hertssarc.org** **.**
