```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Wigginton.
publish:
  date: 10 May 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in Wigginton
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-wigginton-0196d
```

* ### A home in Wigginton was burgled yesterday afternoon.

 * ### Officers would like to identify the driver of a black 4x4 vehicle that was seen leaving the area.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Wigginton.

At around 1pm yesterday (Thursday, May 9) offender(s) gained access to a home in Hemp Lane and carried out an untidy search inside.

PC Susan Desmond, who is investigating, said: "At this early stage we are still establishing exactly what has been stolen from the property although we know that a small carriage clock has been taken.

"Around the time of the burglary a neighbour saw a black 4x4 vehicle displaying a registration plate ending in WFJ leaving the address. We would like to speak to the driver of that vehicle as they may be able to assist us with our enquiries.

"I'd also like to urge anyone who was in the area around the time of the burglary and saw anything out of the ordinary or suspicious, no matter how insignificant it may seem, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Desmond by emailing, submitting information online or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 352 of May 9.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.

** **
