```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary are releasing images of four bicycles that were taken during the break-in.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2018
title: Have you been offered these bicycles for sale?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-you-been-offered-these-bicycles-for-sale
```

* ### Two mountain bikes and two road bikes were stolen during a break-in at a home in Royston.

 * ### Offender(s) took the bikes from the garage before attempting to get into the house.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone who may have been offered the bikes for sale or believes they have seen them to get in touch.

Detectives investigating a burglary are releasing images of four bicycles that were taken during the break-in.

Between 3.15pm and 7pm on Sunday, January 14, offender(s) gained access to the garage of a home in Whydale Road, Royston, and took two mountain bikes and two road bikes (pictured) from inside. They then attempted to enter the home but were unsuccessful and made off.

Detective Constable Kerry Burrows, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who may have been offered these bicycles for sale, or who has information relating to them, to contact me, as you could help us identify the offenders responsible for this burglary.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who may have seen people behaving suspiciously in the area or may have seen offender(s) making off with the bicycles on Sunday, January 14."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Burrows by emailing kerry.burrows@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G4/18/62 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
