```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and 30 people were searched as part of a joint operation organised by police officers from Hertfordshire.
publish:
  date: 3 Sep 2019
title: "Two arrested after operation to tackle cross-border crime \u2013 Watford and Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-after-operation-to-tackle-cross-border-crime-watford-and-three-rivers-0713
```

* ### Two people were arrested and 30 people searched as part of an operation to tackle knife carriers and those involved with county lines

 * ### Officers from Three Rivers' Operation Scorpion team led the action and were supported by colleagues from other departments

 * ### An 18-year-old man was charged with possession of a controlled substance after being stopped by police

Two people were arrested and 30 people were searched as part of a joint operation organised by police officers from Hertfordshire.

Officers from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team led the day of action on Thursday 29 August and were supported by colleagues from the British Transport Police, the Regional Organised Crime Unit*, Watford's Operation Scorpion team and both Three Rivers and Watford Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

The work targeted knife carriers and those involved in county lines*, all of whom often use the rail network to travel across borders from London and other counties.

As a result, a 26 year old man from Walthamstow was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. He was released under investigation while enquiries continue. Fifty wraps of suspected cocaine were recovered.

Louis Roberts, aged 18, was arrested and charged with possession of a controlled drug (class A) and has been released on court bail to attend St Albans Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 1 October.

A 47 year old man was given a cannabis warning and two people were reported for fare evasion.

A 15 year old girl who had been reported missing from the Metropolitan Police area was located at Watford Junction and returned to a place of safety.

Both uniformed and plain clothed officers used overt and covert tactics to identify people of interest at Watford Junction, Watford High Street, Bushey and Carpenders Park before conducting searches of their person.

Knife sweeps were carried out in the areas surrounding the railway stations but no weapons were recovered.

PC Mikey Logue, from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team, said: "The primary aim of this operation was to prevent, detect and deter those who cause the most harm to our communities.

"It was a real success and reinforced the message that Hertfordshire is a hostile place for criminals travelling across the border.

"It was also encouraging to find that no weapons had been deposited around the stations for use at a later date.

"Lastly, it gave us a great opportunity to engage with members of public, many of whom told us it was reassuring to see such a police presence.

"We are planning future operations so we keep continual pressure on those who choose to come into our county in an attempt to commit crime. You are not welcome here."

*ERSOU's Regional Organised Crime Unit's (ROCU) primary aim is to disrupt organised criminality across the eastern region. Find out more here **.**

*County lines sees urban drug dealers, often from major cities such as London, move into suburban areas as well as market and coastal towns, using a dedicated mobile phone number or deal line to run their criminal operation. Find out more here.
