```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Dayle Smith, aged 30, of Bingham Close in Hemel Hempstead, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Thursday) charged with causing a public nuisance. He pleaded guilty to the offence.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2018
title: Court update following M25 incident
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Court-update-following-M25-incident-0596
```

* ### A man has pleaded guilty to causing a public nuisance following an incident on the M25.

 * ### Police had to close the motorway for five hours while they worked to bring a man down safely from a bridge over the M25.

 * ### The man has been remanded in custody and is due to be sentenced later this month.

Dayle Smith, aged 30, of Bingham Close in Hemel Hempstead, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Thursday) charged with causing a public nuisance. He pleaded guilty to the offence.

Smith has been remanded in custody and will appear for sentencing at St Albans Crown Court on August 31.

**Background:**

Police were called at 4.05pm to reports of concern for the welfare of a man on a bridge over the M25 at London Colney.

The motorway was closed in both directions (between J21A to J22 clockwise and J21 and J23 anti-clockwise) to allow officers to work to bring the man to safety.

Officers on motorbikes filtered through the traffic on the motorway to check on motorists. Highways England Traffic Officers were also in attendance and we drafted in resources from across the county, working with our partners within the Highways England and the County Council along with neighbouring forces.

We worked to turn vehicles around and direct them off the M25, but due to the length of the tailbacks this was a slow process. Those with medical concerns/conditions were prioritised.

The closure also caused congestion on surrounding routes and local roadworks were postponed to prevent the flow of traffic being further hindered.

We appreciate that the situation was frustrating. Our priority was to get the man safely off the bridge and motorists on their way as soon as possible. The motorway was re-opened just after 9.30pm.
