```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the specialist Operation Meadow team have now spoken to 74 people who spent time at the Hill End Adolescent Unit in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 6 Jun 2018
title: 'Update: Operation Meadow'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Operation-Meadow-Update
```

* ### Officers have now spoken to 74 people who spent time at Hill End Adolescent Unit in St Albans.

 * ### The enquiries are part of an investigation into reports of physical and sexual abuse against those who stayed at the unit before it closed in 1995.

 * ### The majority of those that have contacted the Force have made allegations in relation to the way they were treated while staying at the unit.

 * ### Others are witnesses to treatment at the unit or have made a third party report.

Officers from the specialist Operation Meadow team have now spoken to 74 people who spent time at the Hill End Adolescent Unit in St Albans.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is conducting a criminal investigation into reports of physical and sexual abuse against those who stayed at the unit between 1969 and 1995 (when it closed).

The majority of those that have contacted the force (65 people) have made allegations in relation to the way they were treated while staying at the unit. Others are witnesses to treatment at the unit or have made a third party report.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, who is leading the investigation, said: "This is a complex investigation and we have always expected it to be a long process. A significant amount of work has been carried out since the start of this investigation in November 2017 by a specialist team of officers, who are dedicated to establishing exactly what happened to children who stayed at Hill End Adolescent Unit.

"The team has spoken to everyone that has made contact and full details of their experiences have been recorded.

"We are continuing to work with our partners in the health service to ensure that, where required, support is offered to those who have been affected by this investigation and to fully explore the allegations that have been made."

Hertfordshire Constabulary takes all reports of sexual and physical abuse seriously regardless of how long ago the offence may have occurred and we have specialist officers who are trained in supporting victims through the investigation process.

Those who believe they have been a victim of this type of abuse can make contact with police by calling 101, using our online reporting option through the Op Meadow web pages, or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

A central email - opmeadow@herts.pnn.police.uk - has been set up in order to receive any referrals and to answer queries. This email address will be monitored seven days a week and specialist officers aim to be in contact with any reporting person within 72 hours of their initial contact.

**For additional help people can contact their GP or Samaritans on 116 123 or** **www.samaritans.org** **.**
