```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in East Herts are appealing for help and information following reports of an attempted robbery at a bus stop in North Road in Hertford, opposite the station.
publish:
  date: 31 May 2018
title: Appeal following attempted robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-0289A
```

Detectives in East Herts are appealing for help and information following reports of an attempted robbery at a bus stop in North Road in Hertford, opposite the station.

The incident is reported to have taken place just before 7pm on Tuesday May 29. Two women were waiting at the bus stop when one of the women was allegedly approached by four men who threatened her and demanded her phone. The lady refused to hand over her phone and the men ran off in the direction of Hertford North train station.

The men are described as white and aged in their late teens to early twenties.

Investigating Officer Detective Constable Dieter Sweeting said: "This would have been a busy time of day and I am hoping that other people in the area may have seen these men - either at the bus stop or running from the area.

"If you think you may have seen something which may be connected to this incident please contact me on 101 quoting crime reference number 41/2229/18. The victim was very shaken by this incident and we are keen locate these men as soon as possible."

Anyone with any Information is asked to contact DC Dieter Sweeting on 101 quoting Crime reference number 41/2229/18 or online.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit information through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
