```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged theft from a motor vehicle in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2019
title: Witness appeal following alleged theft from vehicle in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-alleged-theft-from-vehicle-in-hemel-hempstead-2835d
```

* **At around 5.15pm on Tuesday, March 26, a silver Renault Scenic parked in Lower Adeyfield Road, Hemel Hempstead was allegedly broken into.**

 * **Officers attended and a 31-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of theft from motor vehicle.**

 * **We are appealing for the person who initially phoned police and any other witnesses to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/27957/19.**

Officers investigating an alleged theft from a motor vehicle in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

At 5.15pm on Tuesday, March 26, a silver Renault Scenic parked in Lower Adeyfield Road was reportedly broken into.

Officers attended and a 31-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of theft from motor vehicle. He was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

"A member of the public witnessed this incident and phoned police. We urge this individual to please come forward to assist our investigation.

"I also ask anyone else who witnessed this incident to please email or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/27957/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
