```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Those interested in joining Hertfordshire\u2019s Special Constabulary are encouraged to find out more in an upcoming virtual information evening."
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2021
title: Want to join our Special Constabulary? Date announced for information evening
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/want-to-join-our-special-constabulary-date-announced-for-information-evening-1183all
```

* ## The virtual event will take place on Thursday 25 February 7-8pm.

 * ## It is open to anyone who is interested in becoming a Special Constable.

 * ## A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers.

Those interested in joining Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary are encouraged to find out more in an upcoming virtual information evening.

The virtual event will take place on Thursday 25 February 7-8pm and is open to anyone who is interested in becoming a Special Constable.

A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers.

Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer their spare time for a minimum of 16 hours a month. They are highly trained and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime and keeping the communities of Hertfordshire safe.

Inspector Emma Bilsdon, from the constabulary's Workforce Development Team, said: "Being a Special Constable really is a job like no other! It's a fantastic way of giving back to the community and it opens up so many professional and personal opportunities.

"The virtual information evening will be fully interactive with lots of opportunity to ask questions. You'll get a real flavour of what the role is like and the training you'll need to complete. We'll also give you useful tips about the recruitment process. It will be a really worthwhile evening, so if you've been thinking about volunteering as a Special, I encourage you to take part."

To book a place at the virtual information evening, please contact our friendly recruitment team via email The event will be hosted using Microsoft Teams and there will also be a dial in facility for anyone using a mobile phone.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo (opens in a new window) _and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
