```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A joint agency operation which aims to keep crime and disorder down by checking all licensed premises, is underway in East Herts.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2018
title: Operation Cork continues
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Operation-Cork-continues-1698A
```

* ### Joint agency op currently underway.

 * ### All licensed premises in East Herts to be checked.

 * ### Aims to cut crime and keep people safe.

A joint agency operation which aims to keep crime and disorder down by checking all licensed premises, is underway in East Herts.

Staff from the police Community Safety Unit and East Herts Council, are visiting all off licences, pubs, clubs and restaurants in the area to check that all of the conditions of their license to sell alcohol are being adhered to. They are also checking that the correct details of key staff are up to date.

So far 100 premises have been visited and checked. Following these visits 21 follow up visits or further checks have been made and eight premises required further action. One of the premises has been served with a section 19 closure notice. This lasts seven days and although the premises can remain open to serve food and non-alcoholic drinks, the order prevents them from selling alcohol in this time. The notice is served when the licensee has not acted in accordance with the conditions of authorisation for the sale of alcohol.

Community Safety Sergeant Claire Ramirez said: "Not only has this operation enabled us to check that our licensed premises are operating in accordance with the law and the terms of their license, but it has also enabled us to meet key staff as well as license holders.

"The sale of stolen products and the selling of alcohol to those clearly underage have been issues we have had to tackle in the past and this operation will enable us to ensure this kind of activity is not still taking place.

"We aim to work closely with our licensed premises to ensure the safety of the public using the venues and to reduce crime."

East Herts Council's executive member for environment and the public space Graham McAndrew said: "This joint working is vital to cutting the risks of alcohol being sold irresponsibly, as well as helping to ensure all licensed premises are adhering to their licence conditions."
