```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Watford have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 1 Aug 2018
title: CCTV appeal following a robbery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-robbery-in-watford-0590C
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a robbery in Watford.

 * ### It happened in Watford Field Road at around 6.40pm on Monday, July 9 and the victim had her Rolex watch taken.

 * ### If you know the person pictured, please call 101 quoting crime reference number 41/6030/18.

Officers investigating a robbery in Watford have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened on Watford Field Road at around 6.40pm on Monday, July 9.

The victim, a woman in her 40s, was approached from behind by a man on a silver bicycle.

He threatened the victim and forced her to remove her watch - a Rolex - before cycling off in the direction of Pumphouse Crescent.

Investigator Abigail Bianco said: "The victim was not injured but she was left understandably shaken after the incident. I am very keen to speak to the man pictured as I believe he may have information that could progress our investigation.

"If you recognise him, please email, report online or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/6030/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
