```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV footage of a man who might be able to help their enquiries into an incident of motor vehicle interference in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2019
title: CCTV appeal following incident of motor vehicle interference
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-incident-of-motor-vehicle-interference-0638B
```

Officers have released CCTV footage of a man who might be able to help their enquiries into an incident of motor vehicle interference in Welwyn Garden City.

The incident happened in Handside Lane on Friday 26 July. At around 4.19am, a white Mini Cooper and a black VW Golf, which were parked on a driveway, were interfered with.

Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Wayne Nash said: "Do you recognise this man? He may be able to help us with our enquiries so please get in touch if you think you know who he is.

"Similarly, I would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and might have witnessed the incident or suspicious activity.

"If you can help, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/68388/19."

Hertfordshire Constabulary recommends the following tips to help you protect your vehicle and the property within it:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database _www.immobilise.com_. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.
 * If your vehicle has a keyless entry system ensure you place the vehicle tablet key ideally in a metal box or a card defender bag.

You can also report information online at _herts.police.uk/Report_ or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: _herts.police.uk/contact_.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at _crimestoppers-uk.org_.
