```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A tenant can no longer reside at his Telford Court address after a full closure order was placed on his property.
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2020
title: Closure order on St Albans address following anti-social behaviour and drug offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-on-st-albans-address-following-anti-social-behaviour-and-drug-offences-1250f
```

* ## Closure order put on St Albans address to stop anti-social behaviour and drug-related offences.

 * ## Residents say 'it is now nice and peaceful' and have praised police and council for their swift action.

 * ## Let us know about any incidents affecting your quality of life - we are here to help.

A tenant can no longer reside at his Telford Court address after a full closure order was placed on his property.

The action was taken by the Force's Community Safety Unit working closely with St Albans City and District Council following complaints about anti-social behaviour and suspected drugs offences.

St Albans Magistrates Court granted the closure order on Friday (3 January) following numerous reports of anti-social behaviour and drug-related activity.

The closure orders mean that no-one can enter the properties for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a closure order had been met:

 1. That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
 2. That the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
 3. That there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises

A 24-year-old man was arrested on 12 December on suspicion of shoplifting, which led to officers searching his home address. During which a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were discovered on the premises, along with other suspected stolen items. He has been charged with theft from shop and theft of pedal cycle and has been bailed to attend St Albans Magistrates court on 17 January 2020. He remains under investigation for the drugs offence.

St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "No-one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour where they live. We worked closely with the council and residents to find out exactly what was happening, so that we could find a longer-term solution to the problems.

"We have updated residents - one said 'it is nice and peaceful since the closure order and I'm very grateful to the police and council for all their help.' We can, and will do all we can to help resolve ongoing issues like these but we do need residents to let us know about problems they are experiencing."

Cllr Chris White, Leader of St Albans City and District Council, said: "This closure order shows that we are determined to take action against anyone involved in anti-social or criminal behaviour. We were alerted to the problem at Telford Court by other residents and responded as quickly and robustly as we could. Our priority is to ensure that our tenants and leaseholders enjoy a safe environment without having their daily lives disrupted by the illegal activities of others.

"This is an excellent example of partnership working as this operation was carried out by the Council's Community Protection team with the support of our Housing Department and Hertfordshire Constabulary."

Insp Wiseman added: "This is not a one off response to ASB and drug offences. If you are allowing drugs to be used or sold at your property, please be warned; we will shut your property down. It is not fair to inflict anti-social behaviour on your neighbours and we will do all we can to support those affected by the misery of such behaviour.

"If you have concerns about a property near you, please don't hesitate to get in touch. You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101."

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in St Albans using echo. Go to **www.bit.ly/police-stalbans** and have your say.
