```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A funeral urn which was stolen from a vehicle in Watford has been returned to its rightful owner thanks to the quick actions of a local police officer.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2018
title: "Stolen urn recovered thanks to Watford officer\u2019s quick actions"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stolen-urn-recovered-thanks-to-watford-officers-quick-actions-0583C
```

* ### The funeral urn was stolen from the glove box after thieves forced entry to a vehicle.

 * ### PC Scott Corne utilised CCTV to plot a potential route taken by the offenders.

 * ### The urn was quickly recovered and reunited with its owner.

A funeral urn which was stolen from a vehicle in Watford has been returned to its rightful owner thanks to the quick actions of a local police officer.

The brown marble urn was stolen overnight between July 17 and July 18, from the glove box of a Ford Mondeo which was parked in The Flag car park, in Station Road. It contained the ashes of the victim's late father.

A leather bag, a jacket, a wallet and a laptop were also stolen.

Safer Neighbourhood Team PC Scott Corne was assigned to investigate the crime and, given the sensitivities, made the investigation a priority, quickly identifying CCTV opportunities.

This allowed him to plot a potential route taken by the offenders and carry out a thorough search, including through bins and thick undergrowth.

Within 24 hours of picking up the investigation, PC Corne found the urn hidden behind some bushes a few hundred metres away from where it had been taken.

It was returned to the owner last week.

PC Corne said: "The victim was absolutely devastated by what happened so I was really pleased to be able to return the urn to him. It is obviously of huge sentimental value and he was elated to get it back in one piece and so quickly.

"We are still trying to trace the people responsible for the theft and would ask anyone with information to please come forward."

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "PC Corne demonstrated the utmost professionalism and dedication when dealing with this investigation and I'm proud of him for his efforts. He displayed real empathy and care and I am thrilled that we were able to reunite the victim with this most treasured and invaluable possession."

If you have information about the theft, please contact PC Corne via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/18673/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
