```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of three distinctive pieces of art in Chorleywood have released images as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: "Appeal for information following theft of artwork \u2013 Chorleywood"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-theft-of-artwork-chorleywood-0265c
```

* ## Officers investigating the theft of three pieces of art in Chorleywood have released images of the items as part of their enquiries.

 * ## It happened at a property off Long Lane overnight between Tuesday 26 May and Wednesday 27 May.

 * ## If you have any information on the whereabouts of these art works, please contact police quoting 41/41431/20.

Officers investigating the theft of three distinctive pieces of art in Chorleywood have released images as part of their enquiries.

It happened at a property off Long Lane between 8pm on Tuesday 26 May and 4pm on Wednesday 27 May.

Offenders entered an outbuilding before stealing a sculpture of a gold dress, a framed print of the gold dress and a painting of a nude woman.

PC Claire Milne-Smith, who is investigating, said: "These are high-value pieces and are very recognisable in their appearance, so we are asking the public to please come forward if they have any information in relation to the whereabouts of these items.

"The owner has since registered both pieces on a national stolen artwork list, but if you can help please contact me."

You can email PC Milne-Smith, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/41431/20.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
