```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help in tracing 21-year-old Jay Edwards from St Albans. Four other men, recently publicised, also remain wanted in St Albans."
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2018
title: Have you seen Jay Edwards?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-jay-edwards-0541F
```

* ### Police are appealing for the public's help in tracing 21-year-old Jay Edwards from St Albans.

 * ### Four other men, recently publicised, also remain wanted in St Albans.

 * ### Anyone who sees these men, or has any information about their whereabouts, is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report _._

Police are appealing for the public's help in tracing 21-year-old Jay Edwards from St Albans. Four other men, recently publicised, also remain wanted in St Albans.

**Jay Edwards** is wanted for breaching a court order after being sentenced for dangerous driving and using a vehicle with no insurance in October 2017 and theft of a motor vehicle in Wistlea Crescent in Colney Heath on July 10.

Jay Edwards

**_John Fitzgerald_** , age 41, is wanted in connection with three offences - theft of power tools, an aggravated theft of a motor vehicle and possession of Class A drugs (heroin). All the offences occurred in May in Haseldine Drive in London Colney.

John Fitzgerald

**_Raphel Ruddock_** , age 29, whose previous known address is in Edmonton and who has connections to Luton, is wanted for conspiracy to supply Class A drugs in Hertfordshire between June and October 2017.

Raphel Ruddock

**_Sabri Naeem_** , aged 33, whose last known address is in Old Bedford Road, Luton, is wanted in connection with an incident of GBH in Harpenden on Sunday, July 1. He also has links to East London and may be travelling in a white BMW.

Sabri Naeem

**_Bernard Ferdinand_** , aged 55, of no fixed abode is wanted in connection with an assault in St Albans on June 16.

Anyone who sees these men, or has any information about their whereabouts, is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via 101 or report information online. __

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Bernard Ferdinand
