```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 25 Feb 2021
title: Witness appeal following aggravated burglary in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-potters-bar-1235j
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a burglary on Oakmere Ave, Potters Bar.

 * ### It took place around 8pm on Tuesday (23 February).

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/13602/21 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Potters Bar.

Around 8pm on Tuesday (23 February) three men forced the back door of a residential property on Oakmere Avenue. Once inside they threatened the occupants before stealing jewellery and cash.

The offenders, described as three white men with their faces covered, then fled in the direction of Fields Court.

Nobody was injured during the incident.

Detective Stuart Keene, who is investigating, said: "This was an upsetting incident for the victims and we are doing all we can to investigate this.

"If you were in the Oakmere Avenue area around 8pm on Tuesday and saw anything suspicious please get in contact. Also, if you live nearby and have CCTV please check it for anything that appears out of the ordinary.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at stuart.keene@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/13602/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
