```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2017
title: Did you witness assault at pub in Welwyn Garden City?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-assault-at-pub-in-WelwynGardenCity-1079B
```

* #### The incident occurred in the early hours of Saturday, October 14.

 * #### A 25-year-old man suffered a broken nose and fractured jaw.

 * #### Police are asking anyone who saw what happened to come forward.

Detectives investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred at the Two Willows public house in Howardsgate, at around 1.15am on Saturday, October 14.

A 25-year-old man was repeatedly punched in the face by another man who had also been in the pub. He suffered a broken nose and a fractured jaw.

Detective Sergeant Malcolm Day said: "Our investigations are continuing at this stage to establish the circumstances around the incident and trace the suspect.

"There were a number of people in the pub at the time and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Hatfield Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B1/17/4145, or use the online reporting form

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
