```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a racially aggravated public order offence in Watford have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2019
title: "Image released following racially aggravated public order \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/image-released-following-racially-aggravated-public-order-watford-0188c
```

* ### Do you recognise this man?

 * ### Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a racially aggravated public order offence in Watford.

 * ### If you know him, please contact police quoting reference 41/35631/19.

Officers investigating a racially aggravated public order offence in Watford have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened at 10.15pm on Friday, April 19 outside O'Neill's bar in Station Road.

A man became abusive after being asked to leave the premises due to being overly intoxicated.

He then racially abused two members of staff - both men aged in their twenties - before leaving.

PC Colin Cheesewright, who is investigating, said: "We would be keen to identify the man pictured as we believe he may have information that could assist us with our investigation. If you recognise him, or have any other information that could assist us, please get in touch."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Cheesewright by emailing, report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/35631/19.

Online web chat can be launched here

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
