```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a fail to stop collision in Cheshunt where a schoolgirl\u2019s foot was run over are appealing for information and witnesses."
publish:
  date: 8 May 2018
title: Appeal following fail to stop collision - Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-fail-to-stop-collision-cheshunt-0180K
```

* ### Officers are working to identify a motorist who ran over a schoolgirl's foot.

 * ### It happened in Dark Lane at the junction with Goffs Lane in Cheshunt on the afternoon of Monday, April 30.

 * ### The motorist was driving a small silver hatchback car and failed to stop at the scene.

 * ### The girl suffered bruising to her foot.

Officers investigating a fail to stop collision in Cheshunt where a schoolgirl's foot was run over are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Dark Lane at the junction with Goffs Lane at around 4.30pm on Monday (April 30) and involved a small silver hatchback car. The motorist failed to stop at the scene.

PC Simon Hill, who is investigating, said: "I'm confident that the driver of this vehicle would have been aware that he/she had been involved in a collision but despite this they failed to stop to ensure the child was OK.

"Thankfully the girl only suffered bruising to her foot and will make a full recovery.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and may have seen the incident or has information that could help us to identify the driver of the car to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Simon Hill by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 525 of April 30 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
