```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The new Sergeant for Royston has been getting out and about in the area, joining the Mayor Rob Inwood for a town centre walk about.
publish:
  date: 9 Sep 2020
title: New Neighbourhood Sergeant for Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-neighbourhood-sergeant-for-royston-0598e
```

* ## Sgt Jon Vine returns to Royston to lead Safer Neighbourhood Team.

 * ## Joins the Mayor on a walk about of the town.

 * ## Looking forward to making the area even safer.

The new Sergeant for Royston has been getting out and about in the area, joining the Mayor Rob Inwood for a town centre walk about.

Sergeant Jon Vine is no stranger to the town having previously been the sergeant for Royston from 2010 to 2013.

"I'm delighted to be back," he said. "I have a genuine passion for Royston and I am looking forward to making it an even safer town than it is today. I have returned full of energy and ideas, and I have been having discussions with the mayor and other councillors on how we can progress some of these plans.

"I want to increase the work we do to reduce crime in the town, but at the same time increase our visibility and the way we engage with the community. I know people in Royston like to see officers patrolling their streets on foot, so I will be hoping to increase these type of patrols. I have been out a few times already and it's fantastic to chat to people and discuss issues in the town.

"If you need to speak to me or my team you can email us at SNTRoyston@herts.pnn.police.uk or call 101 and ask to speak to the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team. Also look out for our local police surgeries that we hope to be resuming soon."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _**bit.ly/police-royston** _and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
