```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in East Herts are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stanstead Abbotts.
publish:
  date: 6 Oct 2017
title: Did you witness incident in Hunsdon Road?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-hunsdon-road
```

* ### Appeal for witnesses after an incident in Stanstead Abbotts.

 * ### Incident happened at around 4.40pm on Monday, October 2.

 * ### Men reported to be causing a disturbance in Hunsdon Road, Ware.

Police in East Herts are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stanstead Abbotts.

On Monday, October 2, at around 4,40pm, a group of men were reported to be causing a disturbance in Hunsdon Road, Ware. They were allegedly behaving in a threatening manner.

The men then left the area prior to police arrival in what was believed to be a silver Fiesta.

Investigating officer Dean Watson said: "At this time no offences have been reported to us, but we are keen to find out who the men where and why they were in this particular area.

"We are appealing to anyone who was in the area at them time and may have witnessed the men, to get in touch. We are also keen to hear from local residents who may have CCTV outside their houses and anyone with dash cam footage from the area at time."

Anyone who thinks they can help is asked to contact PC Dean Watson on **101** quoting crime reference number A1/17/3275.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
