```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a public order offence in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following public order offence in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-public-order-offence-in-hertford-1412
```

* ### Witnesses to a reported public order offence in Hertford are being sought.

 * ### The incident took place outside of Hertford North Railway Station around 10pm on Friday 7 February.

 * ### If you can help call 101 quoting reference 41/11686/20.

Officers investigating a public order offence in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident took place at around 10pm on Friday 7 February at the taxi rank outside of Hertford North Railway Station.

There was an altercation between a male and three other males. The sole man was shouted and sworn at with gestures also made towards him.

PC James Wingate, who is investigating, said: "As this incident took place just outside of the railway station there may have been commuters who witnessed what happened and I would like to hear from them.

"If you can help with our enquiries please email me via _james.wingate2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ "

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/11686/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
