```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking for people who might have the skills it takes to be a detective, as they re-open applications for the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2018
title: Do you have what it takes to become a detective?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-have-what-it-takes-to-become-a-detective-0118ALL
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking for people who might have the skills it takes to be a detective, as they re-open applications for the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme.

You don't need a police background but we are looking for candidates with an inquisitive mind, excellent analytical and problem solving skills and a high degree of integrity.

The Accelerated Detective Constable Programme enables candidates to become a detective on a 'fast-track' scheme. Successful candidates will be required to complete a year of intensive training and practical experience to ensure they meet the requirements of a police constable. They will then complete the necessary training to obtain the qualification required to enable them to become a detective.

Detectives can work in a number of interesting and varied teams, from investigating prevalent local crime, like burglaries, to more specialist investigations including protecting the vulnerable, such as victims of domestic abuse, and cybercrime.

**Hertfordshire Constabulary will be holding two information evenings for potential applicants to find out more about the role.** The events take place on Thursday, May 3 and Tuesday, May 8 at Police Headquarters in Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, starting at 6.30pm and finishing at 8.30pm.

Anyone who would like to attend needs to register their place.

Detective Superintendent Clare Smith from the Workforce Development said: "The scheme was launched in October last year and we had a large number of people apply.

"Whilst no previous policing experience is necessary to apply, it is essential that anyone applying displays the skills and attributes suited to the role, including an inquisitive mind, excellent analytical and problem solving skills and a high degree of integrity. It's a challenging job but also one which is extremely diverse and rewarding. I'd encourage anyone interested in finding out more to join us at the information evening."

Applications can be submitted from Thursday, May 10. Successful candidates will be required to begin training in November 2018.

If you would like to find out more or to apply, visit.
