```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault which happened on the rugby pitch on King George\u2019s playing fields in Old Hale Way, Hitchin on Monday, May 14."
publish:
  date: 30 May 2018
title: Did you witness an assault on King George playing fields in Hitchin?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-assault-on-king-george-playing-fields-in-Hitchin-0278G
```

* ### A woman with a pushchair was assaulted in King George Playing Fields in Hitchin.

 * ### The woman was hit in the face.

 * ### The suspect was riding a bicycle.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault which happened on the rugby pitch on King George's playing fields in Old Hale Way, Hitchin on Monday, May 14.

The incident happened at 6.10pm when a woman was walking across the rugby field with a pushchair with her five month old child when she was approached head on from the opposite direction by a male cyclist. As the cyclist sped past the woman he was verbally abusive to her. The cyclist then stopped and after a short conversation, he struck the woman in the face causing her to fall to the ground. The cyclist then got back on his bike and cycled away in the direction of the rugby club.

The cyclist is described as around 6ft 3in tall, of Asian heritage, slim build with black hair and a beard. He was reported to be wearing a small turban.

**Investigating officer PC Karen Goodwin, said:** "We are doing everything we can to get to the bottom of this incident. The woman involved sustained bruising to her face and was understandably shaken.

"I am appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and saw the incident take place to please get in contact. I'd also be interested to hear from anyone who may recognise the cyclist from the description given. Any information you provide could help us to identify the person responsible and bring them to justice."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Karen by emailing or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/1528. Information can also be reported online. Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**_ _**
