```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was seriously injured in Hoddesdon.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2018
title: Appeal after man seriously injured in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-man-seriously-injured-in-hoddesdon-2182K
```

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was seriously injured in Hoddesdon.

Police were called to Ogard Road at 9.25pm yesterday (Tuesday, December 4) after it was reported that a man in his 20s had sustained a gunshot wound to his face.

The man has been taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

Ogard Road and parts of Castle Road have been closed whilst police investigate the incident.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, who is leading the investigation, said: "We are continuing to investigate and follow a number of lines of enquiry in relation to this incident.

"We believe a group of people quickly left the area following the incident and may have used a vehicle to drive away.

"As part of our investigation, we would like to speak with anyone who was in the following areas between 9.15pm and 9.30pm yesterday: Ogard Road, Castle Road, Old Highway, Old Highway Recreation Ground Lee Road and St Cuthberts Road.

"Did you see what happened, a group of people in the area around this time or a vehicle being driven in an unusual or suspicious way before or after the incident? If so, please get in touch."

DCI Kent added: "Even if you did not see or hear anything we would still like to speak with you in order that we are able to gain an understanding of who was in the area and whether, unknowingly or not, they witnessed something that could prove helpful to our investigation."

Anyone who has information in relation to this incident is asked to contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference ISR 827 of December 4, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
