```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a burglary at a flat in Welwyn Garden City where money that had been collected for a children\u2019s charity was stolen are appealing for information and witnesses."
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2018
title: "Appeal following burglary where charity money was stolen \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-where-charity-money-was-stolen-welwyngardencity-0555B
```

* ### Money for a charity that helps poorly children was stolen during a burglary at a flat in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### The victim Richard Rust was collecting the money for CLIC Sargent.

 * ### £500 was taken during the break in at the home in Ludwick Green on Sunday, July 22.

Officers investigating a burglary at a flat in Welwyn Garden City where money that had been collected for a children's charity was stolen are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 6am and 12.30pm on Sunday, July 22, offenders gained entry to the property in Ludwick Green and took a small box containing £500.

The money had been raised by Richard Rust, his mother, who has sadly recently passed away and other family and friends for children's cancer charity CLIC Sargent.

Richard said: "It's upsetting as I lost my Mum five weeks ago so I'm still grieving.

"It feels as if somebody has pulled my heart out. They haven't stolen from me, they have stolen from people who help sick children."

PC Glenn Cook said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area between the times stated and believes they may have seen anything suspicious, no matter how small, to get in touch. Any information could help us to identify those responsible."

Anyone with information that could assist the police investigation is asked to contact PC Cook by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20127/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Richard is soon embarking on a month-long charity tour with his 13 year old son Thomas and friends under the banner of 'The Dancing Fishermen/Fishing For Cancer' where they will fish as many lakes as possible across the UK while promoting the work of CLIC Sargent and raising funds.

You can sponsor Richard here.

Richard with his son Thomas, aged 13
