```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team successfully reunited John Lewis staff with a stolen handbag and jacket last week.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: Welwyn Hatfield North Police reunite John Lewis staff with stolen handbag and jacket
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-north-police-reunite-john-lewis-staff-with-stolen-handbag-and-jacket-2671b
```

* ### On Wednesday, February 27, officers in the town centre were stopped by a member of public who explained that a shoplifter had just stolen property from the department store.

 * ### No stolen property was found on the suspect, however shortly afterwards officers discovered a discarded handbag and a Gant jacket.

 * ### Anyone who has information about the incident should call the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 426 of February 27.

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team successfully reunited John Lewis staff with a stolen handbag and jacket last week.

At around 3pm on Wednesday, February 27, officers on foot patrol in the town centre were stopped by a member of public who explained that a shoplifter had just stolen property from the department store.

A suspect was quickly located and a Section 1 search was carried out. No stolen property was found on the suspect, however shortly afterwards officers discovered a discarded handbag and a Gant jacket close to the council building.

PC Alastair Harryman said: "We were delighted to be able to reunite staff with the stolen handbag, worth over £1000, along with the jacket which was worth just under £200.

"I would urge anyone who has information about the incident to contact us on the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 426 of February 27."
