```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a shop lifting offence and subsequent dangerous driving.
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2018
title: Witnesses sought to dangerous driving in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-to-dangerous-driving-in-hertford-1627A
```

* ### Police appeal for witnesses.

 * ### Meat stolen from M&S.

 * ### Car driven dangerously through Hertford.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a shop lifting offence and subsequent dangerous driving.

On Tuesday February 13, at around 2.45pm, a man and a woman entered M&S in Hertford and stole a quantity of meat. After leaving the store they allegedly got into a small red hatchback with L plates on and drove down London Road, committing numerous traffic offences as they made their way out of Hertford and through Hertford Heath.

Officers would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the red car being driven erratically and dangerously at this time or the shoplifting offence.

If you witnessed the offenders or have any information regarding this incident please contact PC Andrew Burnett via 101, quoting crime reference A1/18/501, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**A 35 year old man and 33 year old woman, both from Waltham Cross, have been arrested and released under investigation in connection with this incident.**
