```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary hosted a remembrance service last night to commemorate those who have lost their lives as a result of transphobia.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2018
title: Police and firefighters join together to commemorate Transgender Day of Remembrance
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-and-firefighters-join-together-to-commemorate-Transgender-Day-of-Remembrance-2112MD
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary hosted a remembrance service last night to commemorate those who have lost their lives as a result of transphobia.

The service, held at Hatfield Police Station, was organised by the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network to mark Transgender Day of Remembrance which takes place today (Tuesday, November 20).

As well as paying their respects to those who have died, attendees were able to learn more from the police about the work they are doing to support the LGBT+ community, including those living and working in Hertfordshire and those working for the Constabulary itself.

Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service were also invited to attend, and they too explained the work they are doing to help ensure that their working environment is fully inclusive.

The evening began with a welcome from Inspector Steve Alison, Chair of the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Network. He explained the role of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Liaison Officers, who are there to provide support to people from the LGBT+ community. They work to encourage the reporting of hate crimes and give advice and support to victims and witnesses.

Inspector Tom Fisher, the Constabulary's Deputy Strategic Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, also gave an update on the work that the Constabulary is undertaking to ensure that the working environment is supportive of LGBT+ officers and staff.

Such work has included introducing a gender neutral patrol flat cap and working with the Hertfordshire Football Association (FA) to challenge homophobia in the sport. A joint survey organised by the Constabulary and the FA found that 20 per cent of the county's football fans would not feel comfortable reporting the offence if they became the victim of homophobia at a match.

Firefighters from the Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service spoke about their experience of being LGBT+ and detailed the work that the fire and rescue service are completing to help support their LGBT+ colleagues.

The Terrence Higgins Trust was also represented at the service with Clive Duffey explaining the support and help that is available through the HIV and sexual health charity.

After listening to the evening's speakers, the attendees then participated in a reflection session, looking at the issues that the transgender community have faced both past and present.

The service ended with light refreshments before attendees were given the opportunity to have a tour of the Hatfield custody suite and view a fire engine.

The Constabulary is dedicated to supporting the transgender community and have recently launched a new initiative, in line with all other forces in the country, to help support those who manage transgender staff and officers, or those who wish to transition. The new 'trans toolkit' consists of guidance designed to help people who are unfamiliar with the subject to understand the process of transitioning and what steps need to be made in order to ensure a positive experience at work.

Inspector Steve Alison said: "Transgender Day of Remembrance is an important time in the LGBT+ community and it's vital that as a Constabulary we honour the memory of those who have died because of transphobia.

"Transphobia has no place in society and Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to ensuring that the county is a safe place for the LGBT+ community to live and work. Those who attended last night heard about the important work delivered by our LGBT+ Liaison Officers and I would like to remind those within the LGBT+ community, that you can request the support of an LGBT+ Liaison Officer when you report to the police in Hertfordshire.

"We also have specially trained Hate Crime Officers who can be requested. Transphobic incidents, along with all other types of hate crime, can have a severe impact on the victim and on the wider community in which they occur. It's our aim to make sure that hate crime is reported so that we can better understand the problem and help to stop it happening."

Terry Hone, Cabinet Member for Community Safety and Waste Management said: "Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service is enormously proud to support this important day in memory of members of our LGBT+ community, along with Hertfordshire Constabulary.

"This event recognises the sacrifices made by members of the LGBT+ communities in the past due to transphobia and enables members of the public and the emergency services to pay their respects. It also highlights the great work being done by the police and fire services to ensure that LGBT+ residents feel fully supported, both at work and in their communities."

David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary works hard to support and engage with the LGBT+ community. Transphobia in Hertfordshire will not be tolerated and events such as the service last night are important as they remind us why it is so vital that we tackle transphobia and hate crime.

"I welcome the introduction of the new trans toolkit which will help staff and officers learn more about those who are transgender. The guidance strengthens the Constabulary's support to the LGBT+ community and I hope that LGBT+ members feel reassured that we value them. All members of the LGBT+ community will be taken seriously and treated with respect when they contact the police in Hertfordshire."

**Reporting hate crime **

** **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/hertsagainsthate.
