```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released an image of a bracelet stolen during a burglary in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2018
title: Jewellery stolen in Harpenden burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jewellery-stolen-in-Harpenden-burglary-0207F
```

* #### Police are investigating after jewellery and cash was stolen from a house in Harpenden.

 * ### It happened in Harpenden Road between 11.40am and 6pm on May 8.

 * ### Did you see anything suspicious? Have you seen the items pictured for sale? Call 101 quoting crime reference F2/18/997.

#### Officers have released images of a bracelet and a ring stolen during a burglary in Harpenden.

##### It happened on Harpenden Road between 11.40am and 6pm on Tuesday, May 8.

##### Offender(s) have used an unknown implement to jemmy the rear patio doors, causing the glass to shatter.

##### They have searched the property and taken a diamond tennis bracelet, a gold heart necklace, a diamond ring and a quantity of cash.

##### Detective Constable Ayodeji Afolabi, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "These items of jewellery hold huge sentimental value to the victims and I am doing all I can to trace those responsible for taking them.

##### "I am asking the public if they have been offered items for sale like the ones pictured, or if they have seen them for sale in a pawn or antique shop, or on social media selling pages?

##### "If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email ayodeji.afolabi@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number F2/18/997."

##### Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Bracelet stolen Ring stolen
