```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CI hate the thought of someone being in my house, going through my personal things \u2013 it still gives me nightmares.\u201D"
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2017
title: Regrets from St Albans burglary victims
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Regrets-from-StAlbans-burglary-victims
```

"I hate the thought of someone being in my house, going through my personal things - it still gives me nightmares."

"I wish I'd locked my jewellery securely away - it's not hugely valuable but it has sentimental value and most of it is irreplaceable."

"I popped out to the shop (leaving my window open) and was only gone a few minutes."

"If only I had left some lights on."

St Albans District Detective Inspector Alex Warwick said: "There's no typical burglary victim, but these are the sort of comments that victims say to my officers time and time again.

"We are doing everything we can to prevent burglaries and act quickly when they do occur, but we can't be in every street 24-hours-a-day. We have increased high-visibility and covert patrols and are making arrests. I'd also like to remind residents to **properly secure their PVCu doors and windows, and make sure they are double locked, even if you are just popping out**."

The timely reminder comes as the clocks go back and in previous years, the St Albans district has seen an increase in the number of burglaries at this time of year.

Since October 1, there have been 33 burglaries at homes across St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney.

_A substantial amount of cash was stolen from an address in Cell Barnes Lane in St Albans between 7.15pm and 8pm on October 6. (F1/17/4799)._

_Money, jewellery and electronic devices were stolen from an address in Hill End Lane in St Albans between 7pm and 9.20pm on October 10, 2017. (F1/17/4885)._

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in Park Avenue North in Harpenden between 5.20pm on October 12 and 8.45am on October 13. (F2/17/1945)._

_Cash was stolen from an address in Princess Diana Drive in St Albans between 4.10pm and 10pm on October 14. (F3/17/247)._

_Power tools were stolen from inside a property in Mount Drive in Park Street between 8pm on October 16 and 7.30pm on October 17. (F3/17/2239)._

Det Insp Alex Warwick said: "Burglars want to be in and out of a property quickly. Please consider using a safe and keeping your valuables out of sight. One of the methods of entry used is to smash a window and reach in to open an unlocked window. Other offenders look for insecure windows and doors and homes in darkness. The easiest way to reduce the chances of you being a burglary victim is to double lock your windows and doors and give your home the 'lived-in' look."

Residents, who have not already signed up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (www.owl.co.uk) should consider joining where they can receive free emails about crime trends, including burglaries, in their area. Officers have also been reminding residents not to advertise that they are away on social media sites including Facebook.

People can make their homes more secure by following some basic crime prevention advice such as:

 * Make a habit of checking that windows and doors are closed and locked when you leave the house or go to bed. Upstairs windows should be locked when the house is unoccupied.
 * PVCu doors must be locked by lifting the handle and turning the key to ensure all the security features are in place.
 * Car and house keys should be kept out of sight in a safe place. Don't leave them on display on window sills, in porches, hallways or kitchens.
 * Secure your rear garden by shutting and locking any gates. Burglars can use garden tools to break in, so make sure you securely lock away any tools after use.
 * Use timer switches on a lamp, radio or TV set so that they turn on as it gets dark in the evenings.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd added: "Whilst the police can take action to catch criminals, residents need to play their part by making sure their homes are secure, reporting suspicious behaviour and joining a Neighbourhood Watch scheme."
