```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: Witness appeal following robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-hatfield-247
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a robbery in Hatfield.

 * ### The incident took place at the rear of the Co-op, Bishops Rise on Monday 15 June.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/46759/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hatfield.

The incident took place on Monday 15 June at around 3pm at the rear of The Co-op store on Bishops Rise.

As a delivery was being made one man attempted to assault the delivery driver, while a second man took a large amount of cigarettes from the rear of the delivery truck.

The two men ran from the scene and were seen driving away in what was believed to be a blue Peugeot van.

The suspects are both described as white, of stocky build and aged between 28 and 30 years of age. One of the men was wearing a scarf or t-shirt over his head.

Police investigator Linda Bunton said: "Did you witness this incident or do you have information about it?

"We believe there were witnesses in the area who saw some or part of this incident, I am particularly trying to identify a person who may have seen the men leaving the area in a blue Peugeot van and also a woman who may have filmed some of the incident on her mobile phone."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/46759/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
