```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2018
title: Burglary in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-in-hemel-hempstead-0580D
```

* ### Access was gained to the rear garden and a door was forced open.

 * ### A television and surround sound system was stolen.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident occurred at a property in Fletcher Way, between 11am and 4.05pm on Sunday, July 29.

Access was gained to the rear garden and a door was forced open. A black television and a Phillips surround sound system were then stolen from the living room.

Detective Constable Chris Phillips, from the Hemel Local Crime Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone with information about the incident to please come forward. It is likely that the offender(s) would have walked off from the area so may have been seen carrying the television after the incident.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have been offered similar equipment for sale in suspicious circumstances. Any information at all could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Phillips via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/22430/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
