```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two car brokers have been jailed for a collective total of eight years after they were found guilty of scamming customers out of more than \xA3300,000."
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2018
title: "Two car brokers jailed for \xA3334,000 fraud - Hertfordshire"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-car-brokers-jailed-for-334000-fraud-hertfordshire
```

* ### David Chandler and Nicholas O'Neil defrauded innocent customers out of more than £300,000 over a period of two years

 * ### They took deposits for high-end super cars but never put in the orders, instead fobbing the customers off

 * ### They were jailed for a collective total of eight years at St Albans Crown Court

Two car brokers have been jailed for a collective total of eight years after they were found guilty of scamming customers out of more than £300,000.

David Chandler, aged 49, of Prince Philip Avenue, Grays, Essex, and Nicholas O'Neil, aged 47, of Sheep Street, Shipston-on-Stour, Warwickshire, were sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday, June 21.

During a trial that lasted six weeks, the court heard how Chandler worked for KIS CARS, a company registered in Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, and O'Neil was sole director of company Drive Direct based out of the county.

The pair, who are both from New Zealand originally, knew each other well and plotted a scheme to extract money from car dealers and buyers who had approached them wanting to purchase top-of the range super cars such as Ferraris, Bentleys and Porsches.

The models in question are considered so exclusive that they needed to be built to order - a process that normally takes between 18 months and two years.

Chandler and O'Neil took £334,000 from a total of seven victims between December 2014 and December 2016, fabricating documents allowing customers to believe their cars had been ordered.

It was only when one of the victims became suspicious about the length of time it was taking and the lack of action from Chandler and O'Neil that he went to the police. The remaining six victims then stepped forward too.

The court heard that Chandler used around £91,000 of the cash to prop up his failing business while O'Neil frittered the rest away on day-to-day living, including regular trips to the pub.

Chandler was found guilty of:

 * One count of transferring criminal property
 * Two counts of fraud by false representation
 *

O'Neil was found guilty of:

 * One count of transferring criminal property
 * Six counts of fraud by false representation
 * One count of theft

Investigator Alan Mordey, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "This was a complicated and protracted investigation but all the hard work was worth it to see the sentences handed down by His Honour Judge Jonathan Carroll.

"Chandler and O'Neil were bold in their crimes, taking large sums of money from innocent people in exchange for an exclusive service they had absolutely no intention of providing.

"It was only when one of the victims realised something was not right, after being fobbed off one too many times, and informed the police that the fraud was discovered. The full scale of their offending was later uncovered when more victims stepped forward.

"I hope both Chandler and O'Neil use their time in prison to reflect on their actions, and the fact that they are now behind bars will be a comfort to their victims."

Both Chandler and O'Neil have also been banned from being company directors for five and seven years respectively. A compensation order to retrieve some of the victims' lost funds has also been applied for.

David Chandler
