```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have charged a man with aggravated burglary and criminal damage following an incident in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 23 Jun 2020
title: Man charged following Welwyn Garden City aggravated burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-welwyn-garden-city-aggravated-burglary-0214
```

* Officers have charged a man with aggravated burglary and criminal damage following an incident in Welwyn Garden City
 * Following joint investigative work with Essex Police, officers located and arrested a suspect in the High Street in Southend
 * Steven Ridgwell, age 27, of Southend-on-Sea, Essex, has subsequently been charged with aggravated burglary and criminal damage in connection with the incident

Officers have charged a man with aggravated burglary and criminal damage following an incident in Welwyn Garden City.

On Tuesday 19 May, a man attended Boyd House in Ley Walk and damaged a flat window. He then allegedly proceeded to a neighbouring flat and demanded entry whilst holding a knife. After entering the flat, he is reported to have pushed a woman to the floor and repeatedly kicked her. She was taken to hospital for her injuries. Another man who intervened got caught in a scuffle and sustained alleged stab wounds.

Following joint investigative work with Essex Police, on Wednesday 3 June, Essex officers located and arrested a suspect in the High Street in Southend.

Steven Ridgwell, age 27, of Southend-on-Sea, Essex, has subsequently been charged with aggravated burglary and criminal damage in connection with the incident.

He has been remanded in custody and will appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 6 July for a plea and trial preparation hearing.

Detective Sergeant Grant Bennett, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an unsettling incident and those involved are believed to be known to one another. We are not seeking anyone else in connection with the incident. My team of detectives have worked tirelessly on this case, alongside our colleagues at Essex Police, and I hope local residents feel reassured by this result."

Chief Inspector Ian Hughes, District Commander for Southend said: "By working with the Hertfordshire Constabulary, we have been able to make sure we are helping to keep the streets of both Essex and our neighbours safe.

"The operation was a joint effort and we are pleased we could help our colleagues."

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
