```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents and honorary Mini Police took to the streets of Elstree on Sunday with litter pickers after someone complained on social media about the amount of rubbish in the town.
publish:
  date: 20 Mar 2020
title: Honorary Mini Police help clean up Elstree streets
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/honorary-mini-police-help-clean-up-elstree-streets-1558j
```

* ## Residents took to the streets of Elstree with litter pickers.

 * ## It was after someone complained about the amount of rubbish in the town.

 * ## They collected 10 sacks of rubbish in just an hour.

Residents and honorary Mini Police took to the streets of Elstree on Sunday with litter pickers after someone complained on social media about the amount of rubbish in the town.

Another resident suggested a litter pick to solve the problem and spoke to popular, local PCSO John Hainsworth who enlisted the help of PC Darren Arbuthnott.

PCSO Hainsworth said: "This was a great idea from local resident Sam(antha) Woods to make a positive difference to a problem and help change how people feel about the area in which they live. We were of course more than happy to help. We borrowed Mini Police uniforms so children helping out could be honorary Mini Police officers for the event and using the police van, we took away the rubbish collected afterwards. Despite a modest turnout, we collected about 10 sacks of rubbish in just an hour."

He said: "We also spoke to a number of residents about issues they were concerned about and we will refer some of those on to other agencies and work to resolve other problems, including anti-social behaviour."

A second litter pick is planned on April 19, which may have to be postponed, due to the Coronavirus.
