```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We have released CCTV images of three men we would like to identify and talk to following a robbery in Bushey.
publish:
  date: 26 May 2020
title: CCTV appeal following robbery in Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-bushey-157
```

* ### The images of three men have been released following a robbery in Bushey.

 * ### The incident took place on Friday 15 May at around 9pm.

 * ### Call 101 and quote 41/38145/20 if you recognise any of these people.

We have released CCTV images of three men we would like to identify and talk to following a robbery in Bushey.

The incident occurred in the Merry Hill area around 9pm on Friday 15 May.

A man attended a residential address and claimed to delivering a package, he and two other men then pushed their way into the address. A person was assaulted before a wallet and jewellery was taken.

It is believed the men in the CCTV images were in the area at the time of the incident and could assist with the investigation.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/38145/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
