```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following a number of burglaries across the St Albans district in the last few weeks, St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick is reminding residents to make sure their homes are less vulnerable to opportunist thieves over Christmas.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2019
title: "Make sure you don\u2019t remember Christmas for the wrong reasons \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/make-sure-you-dont-remember-christmas-for-the-wrong-reasons-st-albans-1197f
```

* ### St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick is reminding residents to make sure their homes are less vulnerable to opportunist thieves over Christmas.

 * ### Bury expensive packaging in the bin, do not advertise gifts around the tree and consider using a timer switch for Christmas lights.

 * ### Three homes were burgled in Harpenden yesterday and we are appealing for witnesses.

Following a number of burglaries across the St Albans district in the last few weeks, St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick is reminding residents to make sure their homes are less vulnerable to opportunist thieves over Christmas.

She said: "It might sound obvious but bury the packaging of expensive gifts in your bin so as not to tempt a thief. Do not advertise gifts around your Christmas tree that are visible from a window. Consider putting your Christmas lights on a timer switch, use other timer lights, video door cameras or CCTV and ask a neighbour to check your property. If you are going away, ask a neighbour to put your bins out and collect your mail. If you can, leave a car on the driveway so it appears that someone is home."

She added: "Please also check on your elderly neighbours to make sure their homes are not vulnerable to an opportunist thief. By spending a few minutes securing your home, you significantly reduce the chances of being burgled. However, if you do spot anyone acting suspiciously or suspect a crime is in progress, call 999 straight away."

Three burglaries occurred in Harpenden yesterday (Thursday December 19). They happened during the day in Oulton Rise (reference 0617 of December 19), Coldharbour Lane (reference 0616) and Manland Way (reference 0424). Jewellery has been stolen in the Oulton Rise burglaries, property lists are being updated for the other two burglaries.

DI Warwick said: "Unusually offender(s) have smashed their way into these properties. We are thoroughly investigating these crimes and appealing for anyone who saw or heard anything during the day yesterday (Thursday December 19) or who may have any relevant doorbell camera or CCTV footage to come forward."

You can report crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
