```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are investigating a series of theft from motor vehicle offences, in which disability blue badges have been stolen in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2021
title: Appeal for information following thefts from motor vehicles in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-thefts-from-motor-vehicles-in-waltham-cross-1332k
```

* ### Witnesses and information is being sought following a series of thefts from motor vehicles in Waltham Cross.

 * ### Since 3 March, 15 vehicles have been broken into with blue badges having then been stolen.

 * ### Call 101 if you can assist this investigation.

We are investigating a series of theft from motor vehicle offences, in which disability blue badges have been stolen in Waltham Cross.

Since Wednesday 3 March, a total of 15 reports of vehicles having a window smashed and a blue badge stolen have been made.

The incidents have taken place on Park Lane, Hurst Drive, Raglan Avenue and the other side of Monarchs Way from Queens Road to Russells Ride.

PC Lucy Biddick, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who has information about these incidents or witnessed any of them take place, to please make contact with us.

"Any theft is upsetting for the victims, but this is particularly distressing for those involved, due to their vulnerabilities.

"If you do have a blue badge please be aware that blue badge locks are available to buy online and this may deter further thefts.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at lucy.biddick@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
