```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-five-year-old Simon Speer was given an 18 week prison sentence at Hatfield remand court yesterday (Tuesday April 17) for handling and theft.
publish:
  date: 19 Apr 2018
title: Eighteen weeks prison for St Albans thief
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/eighteen-weeks-prison-for-St-Albans-thief-0082F
```

* ### 18 weeks in prison for St Albans thief.

 * ### He was also sentenced for a previously suspended crime.

 * ### 'Significant' sentence and deterrent to criminals.

Thirty-five-year-old Simon Speer was given an 18 week prison sentence at Hatfield remand court yesterday (Tuesday April 17) for handling and theft.

Speer, of Langley Grove in Sandridge, was convicted and sentenced for handling stolen property (an Ipod and sunglasses) and the theft of two bottles of spirits at the Co-Op in Harpenden on Monday April 9. He was stopped in a taxi and found with meat and electrical items, believed to be stolen.

He was sentenced to six weeks for the theft and handling. He was also given 12 weeks for a previously suspended sentence, which was for three fraud offences, where he tried to use a stolen credit card, shoplifting and handling stolen property on January 19. He was also sentenced to a week imprisonment for breaching his licence and fined £247 in fines and costs, also to run concurrently.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick said: "This is a significant sentence for handling and theft. The magistrate said that he had been doing this kind of crime for a long time and that she had no other option than to send him to prison. I hope this sends out a message to anyone intent on this kind of crime to know that they will end up in prison."
