```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a series of thefts from motor vehicles across the Borough of Broxbourne are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following theft from motor vehicles across Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-from-motor-vehicles-across-Broxbourne-1579
```

* ### Appeal after vehicles broken into in Broxbourne, Waltham Cross and Cheshunt.

 * ### The crimes occurred last weekend - Friday February 2 - Sunday February 4.

 * ### If you saw anything suspicious please contact 101 quoting the crime references detailed.

Officers investigating a series of thefts from motor vehicles across the Borough of Broxbourne are appealing for information and witnesses.

Seven vehicles were broken into between Friday February 2 and Sunday February 4.

 * Vauxhall Corsa in The Cedars overnight on Saturday February 3 - wallet was stolen (ref: K1/18/292).
 * Mercedes E Class in St Catherines Road, Broxbourne overnight on Saturday February 3 - a wallet was stolen (ref: K1/18/293).
 * Nissan Xtrail in Leven Drive, Waltham Cross overnight on Saturday February 3 - iPhone was stolen (ref: K2/18/600).
 * Alfa Romeo in Royal Avenue, Waltham Cross overnight on Saturday February 3 - a sports bag was stolen (ref: K2/18/603).
 * Black taxi cab in Ashdown Crescent, Cheshunt on Sunday February 4 - a driving license was stolen (ref: K2/18/606).
 * Sprinter van in Trinity Lane, Waltham Cross, overnight on Saturday February 3 - a log book and wallet were stolen (ref: K2/18/608).
 * BMW 1 Series in Dig Dag Hill, Cheshunt, overnight on Sunday February 4 - clothes and a bank card were stolen (ref: K2/18/611).

Detective Inspector for Broxbourne Tom Leeks said: "We have seen an increase in the number of vehicles being targeted for items left on view in recent weeks. I would urge drivers to make sure that they do not leave anything in their vehicles which might encourage a thief to break in.

"If you saw anyone acting suspiciously around parked vehicles in these areas between the times stated, please get in touch as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report quoting the reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

For vehicle security advice visit: www.herts.police.uk/protectyourproperty.
