```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are investigating following a robbery at a newsagents in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2020
title: Robbery in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-welwyn-garden-city-1427
```

* ### The incident occurred at McColls in Haldens.

 * ### A man entered the store and demanded cash.

 * ### No one was injured during the incident.

Police are investigating following a robbery at a newsagents in Welwyn Garden City.

The incident occurred at McColls in Haldens, at around 7.10am on Sunday 16 February.

A man reportedly entered the store holding what was believed to have been a firearm and demanded cash from a member of staff.

He then fled the scene on the foot, through an alleyway leading to the Dawley/Fallowfield area.The victim was not injured during the incident.

The suspect is described as a white man, approximately 5ft 6in tall, of stocky build, dressed in a black hoodie, black balaclava and black gloves. He was also carrying a bag.

Detective Constable Christopher Aherne, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "Although the victim was not hurt during the incident they have been left shaken by what happened. I am appealing for anyone who may be able to help us identify the suspect to please come forward. His clothing was quite distinctive so you may recall seeing someone matching the description in the area."

Enquiries are continuing and anyone with information is asked to contact police.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/14330/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
