```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s currently National Specials Weekend and Hertfordshire\u2019s Specials are working harder than ever, with two officers giving up their time to support an increased demand on the Virtual Court Team."
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2020
title: Herts Specials provide valuable support to virtual court
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/herts-specials-provide-valuable-support-to-virtual-court-0818
```

It's currently National Specials Weekend and Hertfordshire's Specials are working harder than ever, with two officers giving up their time to support an increased demand on the Virtual Court Team.

Special Constables are part-time, voluntary police officers with all the same powers as regular police officers. They work alongside regular officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs). In return for their commitment of a minimum of 16 hours a month, Special Constables receive first class training, support and the uniform and equipment to carry out the role.

With demand for virtual court hearings increasing due to COVID-19, the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Virtual Court Team called for assistance from the Specials to see if any willing volunteers could help.

Special Constables Stuart Murray and Neil Cornwell came forward happy to help and completed training which involved getting to grips with the technology and learning how to facilitate the virtual hearings from start to finish, including liaising with the prison service. Their training means that they can be deployed into custody to help ensure the service runs smoothly.

Both officers have given up hours of their time, including weekends, to put their training to use and ensure that the justice process is not disrupted despite this challenging time for policing.

Chief Inspector David Cooke, from the Criminal Justice and Custody Command, said: "Special Constables Murray and Cornwell have been a welcome and valuable addition to the team and we are grateful for their time and support. Both have received an award and formal recognition from the Constabulary for their efforts. On National Specials Weekend, I would like to say a big thank you for their help."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Keeping the criminal justice system moving during this crisis has been particularly challenging. But it is vital for victims and those accused that it is conducted as quickly as possible.

"The fine work of these two officers is just another example of the varied duties performed by our Specials. They can make a real difference to our communities and I thank them and all our other outstanding volunteer officers."

You can find more information about Special Constables and the requirements of being one by visiting the FAQ on our website. If you're interested in becoming a Special Constable, please visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk _._

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls. You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

To report any other crime, you can use the online methods listed above or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
