```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Off-duty PC Jake Pike jumped into a freezing lake in Oakmere Park in Potters Bar yesterday (Wednesday February 28) to save a dog\u2019s life."
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2018
title: Heroic police officer saves dog in icy lake in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Heroic-police-officer-saves-dog-in-icy-lake-in-Potters-Bar-1719
```

* ### Off-duty officer saves dog from freezing lake.

 * ### "Instinct kicked in" said heroic police officer.

Off-duty PC Jake Pike jumped into a freezing lake in Oakmere Park in Potters Bar yesterday (Wednesday February 28) to save a dog's life.

He was in the Harvester restaurant, with temperatures below freezing, when he saw the dog run and fall into the icy lake at around 3.30pm.

Whilst the fire brigade were on route, he took off his shoes and coat and got into the lake, scooping up the dog and bringing her safely to the bank.

PC Pike, who is an Intervention officer responding to 999 calls in Hertsmere (which includes Potters Bar), said: "I saw that the dog was in trouble and couldn't stand by and do nothing. Instinct kicked in and I thought I was the best person to go in. The lake was absolutely freezing! My hands still feel like blocks of ice."

After being in the lake for a couple of minutes, he was given chef's whites to change into by the pub and was checked over by the fire brigade.

The owners of the dog, called Heidi, were very grateful to PC Pike and called him their 'hero.'

He added: "I knew the lake really well, including the depth of it, and I weighted up the dangers of going in. But I would discourage anyone, especially young people, doing the same thing as it can be extremely dangerous."

_

Heroic police officer saves dog in icy lake in Potters Bar
