```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following an alleged assault - Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-an-alleged-assault-Hitchin-1174G
```

* ### Officers are investigating following an alleged assault between two men in Hitchin on Saturday, November 11.

 * ### It happened in the Pitcher and Piano in Market Place, just after 10.30pm.

 * ### Did you witness what happened? Please call 101 quoting crime reference G1/17/3654.

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident happened inside the Pitcher and Piano in Market Place just after 10.30pm on Saturday, November 11.

It was reported that two men were involved in a physical altercation in the bar area of the venue before one of the men left the scene.

Assistant Investigator Jon Saunders, from the Case Investigation Unit at Stevenage, said: "It was a busy Saturday night and we believe a number of people witnessed what happened. If you did so and have not already spoken to police, please call 101.

"If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/17/3654 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 40-year-old man from Sandy and a 40-year-old man from Biggleswade have been arrested on suspicion of affray. They have both been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
