```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A total of 103 bikes were security marked at a free event held by the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) on Saturday (24 October).
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2020
title: Over 100 bikes security marked at Hatfield Police Station event
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/over-100-bikes-security-marked-at-hatfield-police-station-event-0795
```

* ### 103 bikes were security marked at a free event held by the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) on Saturday (24 October)

 * ### The socially distanced event forms part of the SNT's work to tackle bike theft

 * ### Bike owners are encouraged to register their bicycles at www.bikeregister.com

A total of 103 bikes were security marked at a free event held by the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) on Saturday (24 October).

The socially distanced event - held at Hatfield Police Station - forms part of the SNT's work to tackle bike theft.

Bike marking helps to make them less attractive to thieves, as they are harder to sell on. It also means they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily should they ever get lost or stolen.

PCSO Christie Hurley, who helped to run Saturday's event, said: "We had a great turnout for the event and I hope that all those who attended now have peace of mind that their bike is less likely to be stolen.

"Despite the current challenges of the pandemic, we're still doing all we can to tackle and prevent crime. To ensure this event could operate safely, we made sure it was socially distanced and residents had to book in advance.

"If you weren't able to attend on Saturday, don't worry as further bike marking events will be announced in due course.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you of our top tips for bike security. Use a chain and D-lock combination and avoid cable locks as these are easy to cut. Lock your bike where you can see it - ideally in busy area or under CCTV.

"Finally, it's worth registering your bike on www.bikeregister.com. This is a free online property database which we use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
