```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A plucky pensioner who gave chase to a man who stole her handbag was overwhelmed to receive gifts from local stores, thanks to a London Colney police officer.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2018
title: Plucky pension victim surprised by London Colney officer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Plucky-pension-victim-surprised-by-LondonColney-officer-1641F
```

* ### Did you see the man in the Ridgeway car park in Barnet Road on Sunday January 14?

 * ### Were you the man who returned the victim's handbag?

 * ### Local stores give generously to theft victim.

A plucky pensioner who gave chase to a man who stole her handbag was overwhelmed to receive gifts from local stores, thanks to a London Colney police officer.

"I wanted to recognise this lady's bravery, show the victim-focused side of policing and re-appeal for any witnesses," explained PC Holly Bird from the _London Colney, St Stephen and St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Team,_ who asked local shops for donations. "It would be really satisfying to catch the man who stole this woman's purse, especially as she has been through so much recently."

Maria-Carmen Melguizo, who is aged 88, was getting into her silver Nissan Micra in the Ridgeview car park in Barnet Road when a man stole her handbag between 8.30pm and 9pm on Sunday January 14. She tried to chase the man towards Halsey Park.

Her handbag was returned without the cash inside. PC Bird said: "I'd like to speak to anyone who saw the theft, and especially, the man who returned Maria's bag as we don't know where it was dumped and it may help us with our on-going enquiries."

_The offender is described as white, aged between 16 and 20, about 5ft 6ins, of slim build with dark brown hair._

PC Bird said: "Although Maria is not your typical 88-year-old, she was probably targeted because she is an older lady. She lived with her two sisters after their husbands died. Sadly, during the week of the theft, her youngest sister died."

The three sisters had lived in London Colney for 35 years after training as nurses in Shenley.

The items donated included a large hamper from Marks and Spencer, jam and biscuits from florist Lily Alley, flowers from Sainsbury's, gift vouchers from Next and gifts and perfume from Boots.

PC Bird gave her the gifts at her home in London Colney today (Thursday February 15).

Maria said: "I couldn't believe that this man had taken my bag and I followed him. I'm so ashamed that I didn't catch him. Then I realised I wasn't as young as I used to be! It is frustrating that he hasn't been caught but I'm still going to visit my friends on Barnet Road and I'm not going to be scared of anyone after living here for over 30 years. I can't fault the police for the support they have given me and for going to the trouble of getting me so many gifts has left me totally speechless."
