```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police executed warrants at four addresses in Hertford and Broxbourne this morning (Wednesday) where suspected drugs and weapons were seized.
publish:
  date: 8 Aug 2018
title: Warrants executed in Hertford and Broxbourne.
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Warrants-executed-in-Hertford-and-Broxbourne
```

* ### Police carried out four warrants in Hertford and Broxbourne.

 * ### Officers entered the homes under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act.

 * ### Suspected Class A and Class B drugs were found, along with weapons.

 * ### A 20 year old man from Broxbourne was given a Cannabis Warning.

Police executed warrants at four addresses in Hertford and Broxbourne this morning (Wednesday) where suspected drugs and weapons were seized.

Officers from the East Herts Operation Scorpion Team and Safer Neighbourhood Team entered the properties under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act just after 8.30am.

Detective Inspector Luke Whinnett from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit said: "These warrants were carried out following intelligence relating to the supply of Class A and B drugs from North London into Hertford and the surrounding areas.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary has a specialist team dedicated to identifying and apprehending those who bring drugs into our county, exploit the vulnerable and cause violence.

"We are continuing to work to identify these people and will not hesitate to take proactive action to weed them out."

Warrants were carried out at properties in:

 * Jasmine Drive, Hertford
 * Windsor Drive, Hertford
 * Farm Close, Hertford
 * Landau Way, Broxbourne

Suspected Class A and Class B drugs were found, along with weapons, including a variety of bats and batons.

At the Landau Way address, a 20 year old man from Broxbourne was issued with a Cannabis Warning.

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "Drugs can have a devastating impact on users and their families.

"We are committed to keeping communities safe from drug dealing and putting a stop to the possession, supply and use of drugs in Hertford and the surrounding areas.

"These warrants not only allow us to take drugs and weapons off the streets but also enable us to develop intelligence that will lead to further action in the future.

"Some of this drugs criminality is being fuelled by offenders coming into the town from London and I would urge the public to help us in this fight by reporting any suspicious behaviour via 101 or anonymously through crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online for at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report. If you believe a crime is in progress always dial 999."
