```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A number of highly experienced police officers from neighbouring forces were offered jobs in Hertfordshire at the end of last week\u2019s first ever transferee open evening."
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2019
title: Experienced officers offered switch to Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/experienced-officers-offered-switch-to-hertfordshire-0481all
```

* ### First transferee recruitment event success.

 * ### Highly experienced police officers to join Hertfordshire.

 * ### Better work-life balance and opportunities locally.

A number of highly experienced police officers from neighbouring forces were offered jobs in Hertfordshire at the end of last week's first ever transferee open evening.

Workforce Development organisers were thrilled at the success of Wednesday 10 July's recruitment event, which particularly sought to engage with serving officers who live in Hertfordshire but work for other police services.

"We know that the idea of transferring from force to force can be daunting, so we held this transferee evening to help make the process as easy and comfortable as possible," said Superintendent Julie Wheatley, who leads the Constabulary's Workforce Development department.

"We had a fantastic response, with hugely experienced officers attending from a number of neighbouring police forces, demonstrating excellent skillsets. Professional discussions resulted in multiple offers being made on the night."

"I was delighted to meet so many outstanding candidates from other forces interested in coming to work in Hertfordshire," said Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant, who spoke to potential recruits.

"There were many reasons why officers were considering a transfer; ranging from a shorter commute to a better work-life balance or more opportunities for progression within their career. Many of them lived in Hertfordshire and were keen to police in the communities they care about."

Potential recruits attended the open evening at Police HQ in Welwyn Garden City, meeting a number of senior officers, ranging from Assistant Chief Constable, Cyber and Digital and Safeguarding senior detectives, as well as rank and file officers who had previously joined Hertfordshire from other forces.
