```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released photos of jewellery that was stolen during a burglary in Welwyn Garden City in a bid to trace it.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2020
title: Have you seen this stolen jewellery?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-stolen-jewellery-1473
```

* ### Offender(s) gained access to a home in Little Youngs on Tuesday 18 February

 * ### Numerous items of jewellery was stolen

 * ### Anyone who has seen the jewellery or has information about the burglary should call the non-emergency number 101

Officers have released photos of jewellery that was stolen during a burglary in Welwyn Garden City in a bid to trace it.

Between 5.30pm and 6.50pm on Tuesday 18 February, offender(s) gained access to a property in Little Youngs after smashing a rear patio door.

Once inside, they conducted a messy search and stole jewellery, cash and an iPad.

The following jewellery items were stolen:

 * An engagement ring (pictured)
 * A Les Nereides ring (pictured)
 * Molly Brown Christening jewellery; a pearl bracelet and necklace with a cross
 * A Tiffany key and locket with a photo and engraving
 * A Tiffany teething ring
 * Tiffany hoop earrings
 * Two sets of pearl earrings
 * Various Tatty Devine jewellery items
 * Les Nereides necklace and earrings set
 * Les Nereides earrings
 * An emerald and diamond ring
 * A gold ring with pink stone

Investigator Linda Bunton, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "I am asking the public to take a look at these photos and get in touch if you think you have seen the items. Perhaps you have been offered them for sale? Please don't hesitate to get in touch if you think you have seen the jewellery.

"Similarly, I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the burglary take place or anyone who has other information about what happened.

"At the time of the burglary, there was a white van in the area and we believe this may be connected to the offence. Did you see the van? Again, please get in touch if you have information around this. Even the tiniest detail could prove vital in helping us to find the offender(s) and reunite the victim with their jewellery.

"If you can help, please email me at _linda.bunton@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/15276/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
