```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: 'Police in Welwyn Garden City and Hatfield are asking residents to be on the lookout for unusual fish vans in their area.

    Officers are investigating the nature of these vans as they are concerned that they could be linked to burglary offences or high pressure selling methods, targeting the vulnerable or elderly.'
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2018
title: Police warning about suspicious fish sellers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-warning-about-suspicious-fish-sellers-1460
```

* ### Police warn about bogus fish seller

 * ### Vulnerable and elderly could be targeted

 * ### Report any unusual fish vans

Police in Welwyn Garden City and Hatfield are asking residents to be on the lookout for unusual fish vans in their area.

Officers are investigating the nature of these vans as they are concerned that they could be linked to burglary offences or high pressure selling methods, targeting the vulnerable or elderly.

**Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Sophia Adams said** : "We know that in other areas of the county people have been talked into buying fish well above the market rates, by door to door fish sellers. We are concerned that this may be starting to happen in Welwyn Hatfield and are asking residents to be on their guard.

"Most mobile fish sellers have regular weekly rounds or pitches. These new vans are turning up at random locations and at random times. We are also concerned that these 'fish sellers' may also be checking out properties.

"If you have been approached by anyone unusual selling fish door to door, we want to hear from you. It could be that they are genuine and if this is the case they won't mind if we make enquiries. Please contact your Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101 if you have any concerns. If you are worried about anyone selling door to door, don't open your door to them and contact the police for advice."

** ** **Hertfordshire Trading Standards advice is:**

_Do not to buy products at the door from cold callers. It is incredibly difficult to tell if the product you 're buying has been stored properly, is safe to eat or actually is what it's labelled up as. If there are any problems, these sellers are often a distance away and won't be easy to obtain a refund from. When products are sold on the doorstep it means that you don't have a chance to shop around and check what a reasonable price is, so you are more likely to be ripped off. Please do pass this information on, particularly to any vulnerable family or friends who may get these visits. _

_If you 're not sure, don't open the door. If you do speak to a fish seller at your doorstep, please don't agree to buy. If they refuse to leave and won't take no for an answer, report the matter to the police on 999. For further advice contact Trading Standards via the Citizen's Advice Consumer Helpline on 03454 040506_

 If you have information or concerns contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
