```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a racially-aggravated public order offence and an assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 29 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following racially-aggravated public order and assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-racially-aggravated-public-order-and-assault-in-stevenage-0561
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault and a racially-aggravated public order offence

 * ### It happened in the outside seating area of The Standard Bearer pub in the Town Square at 7pm on Thursday 25 July.

 * ### A man allegedly began directing racially abusive comments towards other customers sat outside before punching a member of staff in the face after being asked to leave

Officers investigating a racially-aggravated public order offence and an assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in the outside seating area of The Standard Bearer pub in the Town Square at 7pm on Thursday 25 July.

A man allegedly began directing racially abusive comments towards other customers sat outside. When he was asked to leave by two male members of staff, he reportedly grabbed one by the arm and punched another across the jaw. Neither suffered any injuries.

DC Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "The incident happened on a very warm evening and as a result the pub was busy, so I believe many people would have seen what happened.

"I would like to hear from anybody who was sat in the seating area and witnessed the altercation. I am also keen to trace the people who had racial abuse directed towards them.

"If this was you, or you have any more information that you believe could prove useful to my investigation, please get in touch."

You can email DC Lomax at _darren.lomax@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat here or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/67612/19.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

 * **A 57-year-old man from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of common assault and racially aggravated public order. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.**
