```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire\u2019s Volunteer Police Cadets came together at the weekend for this year\u2019s annual County Competition."
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2018
title: County Cadet Competition 2018
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/county-cadet-competition-2018-0504
```

* ### More than 100 cadets took part in the competition.

 * ### Activities included hostage rescue and riot shield runs.

 * ### St Albans and Harpenden were named winners.

Hertfordshire's Volunteer Police Cadets came together at the weekend for this year's annual County Competition.

The soaring temperatures did little to deter them as more than 100 cadets from 10 teams competed in a variety of tasks at the Constabulary's headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, on Saturday (July 7).

Among the 11 activities were riot shield runs, a hostage rescue course, POLSA searches, arresting suspects in a mock shoplifting scenario, rifle shooting, giving evidence in front of a mock court, using a search dog to find hidden items and dealing with a staged road traffic collision. Colleagues and cadets from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service were also in attendance to put the police cadets through their paces and test their skills with a fire hose run.

On Sunday, the cadets were joined by around 200 friends and family members, as well as a number of dignitaries, for a parade and inspection. Those in attendance included Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Superintendent Clare Smith, Special Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew and a number Chief Inspectors and Inspectors from across the county.

Following the parade, the winners were announced.

Last year's champions St Albans and Harpenden took top spot once again, with Hertford and Ware in second and Welwyn Hatfield coming in third.

Gail Franklin, County Cadet Coordinator for Hertfordshire, said: "County competition is a great way for the cadets to put the skills they have learnt into practice. Once again it was another fantastic weekend and all the participants put on an impressive display, despite the heat.

"A lot of hard work goes into this event and I want to thank everyone who helped to make it a success, including our partners at the fire service, our fantastic volunteers, Park Guard, Cuffley Field Trials and the Constabulary's Sports and Social Club. We really couldn't put on this event without their support.

"Last, but by no means least, I'd also like to thank the cadets and their leaders for their dedication."

St Albans and Harpenden Cadets will also be representing Hertfordshire at this year's National Cadet Competition, being hosted by Police Scotland in August.

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

For more information or to apply to join, visit www.herts.police.uk/cadets
