```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A partnership project that has successfully tackled drug taking and anti-social behaviour at a block of flats in Bishop\u2019s Stortford has won an award for the team."
publish:
  date: 29 Jun 2018
title: "East Herts team recognised for tackling community issue in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/east-herts-team-recognised-for-tackling-community-issue-in-bishops-stortford-0455ALL
```

A partnership project that has successfully tackled drug taking and anti-social behaviour at a block of flats in Bishop's Stortford has won an award for the team.

The East Herts Community Safety Partnership, which comprises police, East Herts Council, Hertfordshire County Council, the fire service and other local organisations, works to address crime, disorder and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

They were awarded the Mick Fogarty Problem Solving Award which recognises excellence where agencies work together to solve problems that reduce crime and contribute to keeping Hertfordshire safe.

The partnership was presented with the award at the Hertfordshire Problem Solving Conference (June 26) for effectively reducing incidents of ASB and dealing with people committing crime at Park View, a block of 31 flats in Bishop's Stortford.

The team became aware of a marked increase in reports of ASB and crime linked to a number of properties. One flat was identified as a base where drugs were being used and dealt and there were frequent reports of disturbances. Vulnerable people living in two further properties were being exploited and their homes were being used to commit criminal activity, such as drug taking.

Working together the partnership identified who was responsible, built relationships with the residents to encourage reporting and gaining the trust of, and supporting, those who were most affected by what was happening.

A warrant was executed at one address and arrests were made for drug and burglary offences. Working together, a Closure Order was then granted for the flat in November 2017 under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014, which banned anyone from entering the property for three months. Paradigm Housing later sought and obtained possession of the property.

A second property was subject of a Partial Closure Order, which restricted entry other than to those specified on the order.

It was also found that CCTV in the block of flats had not been working and an insecure communal door was making it easy for offenders to gain access to the property.

**Linda Haysey, leader of East Herts Council which belongs to the Community Safety Partnership said:** "As a partnership, we are delighted to have received this award. As agencies we all have a common goal - to improve the lives of the communities we serve. We want to help people who are suffering from crime and anti-social behaviour, and find long-term solutions using all the powers available to us to prevent it from happening again. It is great to be recognised in this way.

"Feedback from the residents has been positive and they told us they could start to enjoy their homes again. We are aware that, whilst the problem has been resolved, there is the potential for it to return which is why we have established regular meetings and activities with the residents, as well as improving security measures. As a result of the interventions which were put in place, calls about anti-social behaviour and crime have stopped."

**Assistant Chief Constable for Hertfordshire, Bill Jephson said:** "This is an example of how working together to identify the root cause of the problem and finding an effective, sustainable solution, we have achieved a better quality of life for our residents. Effectively solving community issues such as this one goes far wider than just the police. We all strive to deliver some form of community safety, and it is clear that no single agency, community group or individual can do this alone."
