```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating three burglaries in Rickmansworth are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: Witness appeal following burglaries in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-burglaries-in-rickmansworth-0777
```

Officers investigating three burglaries in Rickmansworth are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.

The incidents took place at a property off the High Street, where the first victim returned home on Sunday 4 September to find that a communal garage had been broken into, and that multiple items were missing, including two grey mountain bicycles.

Over the course of the next five days, more items were stolen, including sports equipment worth over £500, and a FROG branded children's bicycle.

The garage is accessed by using a fob, with all residents having their own one. It is believed that the suspect(s) gained access via a stolen fob, as there were no signs of damage or forced entry.

PCSO Alan Waller, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "If you were in the area between Sunday 4 September and Monday 9 September and believe that you saw any suspicious activity, or believe that you witnessed the incident taking place, please get in touch.

"I would also like to ask the public to keep an eye out for the children's bike as it is quite distinctive. Please let us know if you believe you have been offered it for sale, or have found it abandoned. We are in possession of the serial number so we would very much like to reunite it with its rightful owner."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/75640/19. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can register your valuables on the Immobilise website here, which improves your chances of getting them back if they are lost or stolen.
