```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a \u2018road rage\u2019 incident in Hatfield."
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following road rage incident in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-road-rage-incident-in-hatfield-1254
```

* ### The drivers of a red Honda Jazz and a white Mercedes Sprinter van were involved in a 'road rage' incident in Hatfield.

 * ### Extensive damage was caused to one of the vehicles.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a 'road rage' incident in Hatfield.

On Sunday 24 November, at around 6.45pm, two vehicles - a red Honda Jazz and a white Mercedes Sprinter van that had writing on the side - were driving on the A414. Both vehicles stopped at the traffic lights, by the University of Hertfordshire roundabout.

Following a verbal altercation, one of the motorists got out of his vehicle and kicked the other vehicle.

This caused extensive damage, including a broken wing mirror, and a large dent in the side of the vehicle.

PC Jack Orchard, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, the victim has been left very shaken up by this incident. Not only was the suspect verbally abusive towards him, but he also caused a great deal of damage to his vehicle, which in turn left him out of pocket.

"While we are aware that some time has passed since this incident, we are hoping that if someone did happen to witness it that it would stick in their mind. If you did witness the incident, or if you have any information you think could assist our investigation, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Orchard directly via email at Jack.Orchard@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/106079/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
