```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Ahead of this year\u2019s National Specials Weekend (May 31 - June 2), Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new scheme to help create more opportunities for Special Constables."
publish:
  date: 31 May 2019
title: Hertfordshire launches new pilot scheme for Special Constables
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-launches-new-pilot-scheme-for-special-constables-0302
```

* ### The scheme is being launched to coincide with this year's National Specials Weekend.

 * ### Career Pathways aims to provide more opportunities for special constables.

 * ### We are holding an event on June 19 for people to find out more about becoming a Special.

Ahead of this year's National Specials Weekend (May 31 - June 2), Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new scheme to help create more opportunities for Special Constables.

The Constabulary has been chosen by the Institute for Public Safety, Crime and Justice (IPSCJ) to run the national pilot of the 'Career Pathways' scheme, following a successful pitch to a specialist panel in August 2017.

The scheme aims to develop more opportunities for career specials and further expand the integration between the regular service and the Special Constabulary.

Superintendent Julie Wheatley, who leads the Constabulary's Workforce Development department, said: "Joining Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary opens up a world of opportunity. We recognise that some applicants already have a definitive view of what they want their volunteer policing career to be, while others don't yet know what their preferred role is.

"In conjunction with the Police Transformation Fund, we want to offer the best career pathways for Special Constables and enable our volunteer officers the opportunity to work within specialist units."

Currently, volunteer officers are deployed in the following teams: Response, Safer Neighbourhood Team, Road Policing Unit, Operational Support Unit and the Warrants and Bail team.

The Career Pathways scheme will see this develop to further include deployments with:
• The rural team
• Op Scorpion (targeting those who commit burglaries, robberies, drug and vehicle-related crime)
• Case Investigation Team
• Recruitment
• Investigative support - including safeguarding, cyber, modern slavery and human trafficking and Major Crime Unit.

Dr Iain Britton, Senior Researcher at the IPSCJ said: "The Hertfordshire Career Pathways project is leading the way nationally in how Special Constables are supported throughout their volunteering careers, and also how the impact of Specials can be maximised through involving them in specialist roles and departments.

"Special Constables bring an amazing range of skills and experience to policing, and this project is such an exciting national pilot, helping to shine a light for police forces nationally to learn how to better realise their full potential."

To mark the launch, events were held at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City last week, attended by chief officers, representatives from the Special Constabulary, IPSCJ and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary benefits enormously from the vital skills and life experiences that Special Constables bring to our policing operation. This new scheme will not only be good for the force but offer exciting new developmental opportunities for our existing special constables and attract even more to join."

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "I am really pleased that Hertfordshire has been chosen to conduct a national pilot of the Career Pathways scheme. We're very fortunate to have such a dedicated team of Special Constables in Hertfordshire and this pilot aims to deliver more options for them going forward."

Special Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew said: "The role of a Special is a volunteer opportunity like no other. In Hertfordshire, our Specials' contributions are needed and valued by our regular colleagues and the local communities they serve. We turn ordinary people into extra ordinary Special Constables by developing and rewarding them as they follow their chosen career pathways. Last year our Specials were inspired to volunteer for 71,000 hours, enabling them to be involved in something exciting and worthwhile, making a real difference in the local community."

**Recruitment of Special Constables**
Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary, to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are posted to local response or neighbourhood teams and are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months. Once the officers are fit for independent patrol, they can apply for a posting to one of our specialist teams.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk and click on 'register your interest' to receive an application form (please check your junk folder!) or browse the pages to find out more. You can also view our new video and read case studies from some of our officers.

**• An information evening will be held at Police Headquarters on Wednesday, June 19 (7pm) for people to find out more about joining the Special Constabulary. If you wish to attend, please email specialsrecruitment@herts.pnn.police.uk to book your place.**
