```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 10 Jan 2020
title: Witness appeal following serious collision in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-serious-collision-st-albans-1261
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision in St Albans.

 * ### Two vehicles were involved, a motorcycle and a van.

 * ### Officers are keen to talk to anyone who may have witnessed the incident and to obtain dash cam footage.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision in St Albans.

At around 7.10am today (Friday 10 January), two vehicles - a motorcycle and a van - were involved in a collision on Holywell Hill.

The rider of the motorcycle sustained serious injuries. He was taken by air ambulance to The Royal London Hospital, where he remains in a critical condition at this time. His next of kin have been informed.

Sergeant Simon Cooper, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "We are appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision to come forward as a matter of urgency. This is a busy stretch of road, and we believe that multiple people would have seen the incident occur or driven past soon after.

"If you did witness the incident, or have any information that you think could assist our investigation, please get in contact with us as soon as possible.

"I'd also ask anyone who was driving in the area around the time and has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle to please review their footage. If you have anything that you think may help with our enquiries, please let us know."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting **Op Simool**.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
