```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Volkswagen Golfs are top of the list for car thieves in St Albans and Harpenden according to a recent increase in thefts of motor vehicles across the district.
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2018
title: Keep your car secure in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keep-your-car-secure-in-st-albans-1842
```

* ### Take these steps to protect your car from thieves, says St Albans Detective Inspector

 * ### Officers have seen an increase in thefts of vehicles from St Albans and Harpenden

 * ### If you see a crime in progress, or someone acting suspiciously around cars in your neighbourhood, call 999

Volkswagen Golfs are top of the list for car thieves in St Albans and Harpenden according to a recent increase in thefts of motor vehicles across the district.

Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "We have seen a big increase in thefts of cars, with three being stolen during burglaries in Harpenden this month. Volkswagen Golfs seem to be the most popular choice of car that thieves are targeting but other makes have been taken too."

Officers have seen two distinct types of thefts. The first is where offenders are breaking into houses at night to steal keys for vehicles parked on driveways. In the second, criminals are using sophisticated software to activate keyless fobs within homes whilst remaining outside.

DI Warwick said: "We recommend keeping your car keys out of sight in a secure place at night - preferably upstairs. This is because criminals generally do not want to risk being disturbed by venturing upstairs at night. They expect people to leave their keys in an obvious place downstairs."

You can buy 'faraday' bags which block the signal from keyless fobs, as well as using crook locks to securely lock your vehicle. If possible, park your car in a garage overnight. If you have a tracker on your vehicle it will increase the chances of recovering it.

Don't hesitate to call police if you see anyone acting suspiciously around vehicles in your neighbourhood. It is also worth joining Neighbourhood Watch via our Online Watch Link (OWL) where you will receive emails about crimes happening in your local area.

DI Warwick added: "I know how frustrating, expensive and inconvenient it is to have your car stolen, and how invasive it is to have criminals on your property, so let's do everything we can to make it difficult for these thieves."

_During August, there were five thefts of motor vehicles where keys were taken during burglaries - three in St Albans, one in Chiswell Green and one in Harpenden. In September there have been five burglaries in Harpenden to date, although during two of these the theft of cars were prevented._

_Offender(s) were disturbed following a burglary in Overstone Road, Harpenden, on Tuesday, September 25 where the likely target was a Volkswagen Scirocco. The theft was likely prevented because the owner had kept the car keys with him in his bedroom._

_An offender was disturbed on the driveway of an address in Ambrose Lane, Harpenden, by the occupant in the early hours of September 23 after stealing a basket of car keys from the house. It is believed their intention was to steal the cars on the driveway._

_A Volkswagen Golf and a BMW were stolen from an address in Wordsworth Road, Harpenden, between September 15 and September 16. The Golf was later recovered._

_A Volkswagen Golf and an Audi were stolen from a driveway in Vale Close, Harpenden, on September 2. Both were later recovered._

_A Volkswagen Golf and other items were stolen from a property in Sibley Avenue, Harpenden, in the early hours of September 1._

If you have any information about the thefts or know who may be responsible, please get in touch with us by calling 101 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

_You can also keep up-to-date with news from the police via Twitter **@StAlbansPolice** **@HarpendenPolice** **@LdnColneyPolice** and **@StAlbansChief** or via Facebook under the **St Albans Community Safety Partnership.**_
