```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Do you live in South Oxhey and are you interested in having a say in what your local police team should concentrate on as a priority?
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2020
title: "Have your say on South Oxhey\u2019s new policing priorities"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-south-oxheys-new-policing-priorities-1294c
```

* ## Are you a South Oxhey resident? Do you want to have a say on what your local police team should be prioritising?

 * ## Come to the drop-in meeting at the Watford Parish Council office any time between 4pm and 10pm on Friday 7 February.

 * ## We want to hear about what matters most to those living in our local community in South Oxhey.

Do you live in South Oxhey and are you interested in having a say in what your local police team should concentrate on as a priority? Would you be interested in attending a public meeting to have your views considered? If the answer to all these questions is 'yes' then your local police team would like to hear from you.

Every six months, Safer Neighbourhood Police teams across the county review and set their local policing priorities. These are the issues that affect communities at a local level.

**The South Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Team are therefore holding a special public meeting at the Watford Parish Council office, Oxhey Drive, WD19 7SB between 4pm and 10pm on Friday 7th February 2020. The meeting is open to anyone who lives in South Oxhey and is interested in local policing.**

"We would like local residents to be fully involved in this priority setting process," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Dan Amos. "We want to make sure that we have a very clear understanding of all of the issues which impact on and affect our local communities. We want local residents to share their views and experiences about what goes on in their local areas."

"If you are unable to make the meeting, you can submit your feedback to us at any time using 'echo'. Visit us online at www.bit.ly/police-southoxhey to submit your feedback, or text 'echo' to 66099 followed by your comments (standard network rates apply)."

If you need any further information, please contact the South Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Team by calling 101 or emailing.
