```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a nasty robbery and assault on a taxi driver in Cheshunt in the early hours of this morning, Saturday 22 August.
publish:
  date: 22 Aug 2020
title: "Did you witness taxi driver\u2019s robbery and assault?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-taxi-drivers-robbery-and-assault-0536
```

* ### Did you see taxi driver assault in Cheshunt High Street?

 * ### We're appealing for witnesses to an early morning attack

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a nasty robbery and assault on a taxi driver in Cheshunt in the early hours of this morning, Saturday 22 August.

The A2B taxi driver was picking up a fare outside the One Stop store in High Street at 2.30am when his keys were snatched and he was attacked by a group of people as he tried to get them back. The victim's two phones, bag and car keys were taken during the assault.

Detective Constable Richard Webster, who is investigating, said: "This was an unprovoked attack on a family man trying to earn a living. The victim has been left with loose teeth and severe swelling and contusions and will be in considerable pain for the next few days.

"Despite the hour, several vehicles and pedestrians passed the incident. Were you in the area at the time? Did you see what happened? Have you got dashcam footage of the people involved?

"The incident would have been noticeable. It started when a white male got into the rear seat of the silver Vivaro taxi initially and a black female then started an argument with him. Another white male then opened the driver's door and took the car keys out of the ignition. When the driver attempted to get them back, the female blocked his way and then assaulted him. She was then joined in the assault by a younger black male, possibly her son. Several other youths then joined in."

Anyone with information can contact DC Webster directly via email at richard.webster@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/67168/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts. **
**
