```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Stevenage yesterday (Wednesday, September 5).
publish:
  date: 6 Sep 2018
title: Appeal following serious collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-stevenage-1736E
```

* ### The incident happened at around 4.50pm in Lonsdale Road at the junction with Webb Rise.

 * ### Two vehicles were involved - a silver Honda motorcycle and a silver Vauxhall Insignia.

 * ### A woman in her thirties, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

 * ### If you can help, call 101 or email Sgt James Wood on james.wood@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting ISR 519 of September 5.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Stevenage yesterday (Wednesday, September 5).

The incident happened at around 4.50pm in Lonsdale Road at the junction with Webb Rise.

Two vehicles were involved - a silver Honda motorcycle and a silver Vauxhall Insignia.

The motorcyclist - a woman in her thirties, was taken to hospital with serious injuries. She remains in a critical condition at this time.

Sergeant James Wood from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are working to establish the circumstances that led to this collision and I would like to hear from anyone who saw the collision, or the events leading up to it.

"Similarly, I would like anyone who might have captured what happened on dash cam to get in touch.

"If you can help, please contact me by email, or the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 519 of September 5."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
