```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have charged a man with sexual assault following an incident that happened in Hatfield in March.
publish:
  date: 9 Jun 2020
title: Man charged following sexual assault in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-sexual-assault-in-hatfield-0200
```

Officers have charged a man with sexual assault following an incident that happened in Hatfield in March.

At around 4.50pm on Friday 20 March, a woman was walking her dogs along Great Braitch Lane when she was reportedly grabbed by a man who then indecently exposed himself.

The woman was uninjured but left shaken by the incident.

Steven Carlisle, aged 23 of Manor Parade, Hatfield, has been charged with sexual assault. He has been remanded in custody and will appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 6 July.

Detective Sergeant Grant Bennett, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "I know this incident caused understandable concern in the community so I hope residents feel reassured by this result. We take reports of sexual assault extremely seriously and do all we can to investigate such incidents. Please never hesitate to contact us if you are the victim of a sexual assault."

To keep up-to-date with policing news in Welwyn Hatfield, go to facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice or twitter.com/welhatpolice.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.
