```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents in Abbots Langley are being urged to review their home security following a spate of burglaries in the past 48 hours.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2017
title: Abbots Langley residents urged to review home security
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Abbots-Langley-residents-urged-to-review-home-security-1210
```

* ### Three homes have been targeted in 48 hours

 * ### A vehicle and watches were among the items stolen

 * ### Residents are urged to review their home security

Residents in Abbots Langley are being urged to review their home security following a spate of burglaries in the past 48 hours.

Police patrols have been stepped up in the area after three homes were targeted.

At around 6.35am on Thursday, November 23, a glass pane was removed from a window at the rear of a property in Abbots Road to gain access. The owner of the property disturbed the offender who then made off. The suspect is described as being around 5ft 8in to 5ft 10in tall and of proportionate build (crime reference C2/17/3603).

Access was gained to a property in Hazelbury Avenue between 11.30am and 7.45pm on November 22, after glass in a patio door was smashed. An untidy search was carried out and the keys to a grey Volvo were located. The vehicle, with the registration BC66 DNN, was subsequently stolen (crime reference C2/17/3591).

Between 5.30pm and 8pm on Wednesday, November 22, access was gained to a property in Standfield by smashing the kitchen window. Cash and a number of watches were stolen (crime reference C2/17/3592).

Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Simmons said: "We remain committed to tackling burglary and have increased both overt and covert patrols in the area.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to review their home security and consider installing some of the new security devices which have come onto the market. Security lights and cameras can be installed easily and for minimal expense.

"Criminals will always prefer to target unoccupied homes. If you give your home a lived-in look, by using a timer switch to turn on a light, radio or TV, when it gets dark, then criminals will avoid your home.

"If you do witness anything suspicious, please report it to police straightaway."

Residents can make their homes more secure by following some basic crime prevention advice such as:

 * Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.
 * Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 * Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.
 * Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.
 * Join Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: www.owl.co.uk
 * Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 * Visit www.owlprotect.uk for discounts on security products. ****

Residents who are concerned can request a free home security visit from their local PCSO. Please email SNTAbbotsLangley@herts.pnn.police.uk to arrange.

Anyone with information about the burglaries is asked to contact the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number, or use the online reporting form at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report.aspx

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
