```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2021
title: "Appeal for information following indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-indecent-exposure-in-bishops-stortford-1076a
```

* ### The incident occurred in South Road.

 * ### A man in a vehicle is reported to have exposed himself to a woman while she was walking towards the town centre.

 * ### Officers are appealing for help to identify the man.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Bishop's Stortford.

At around 9.40am on Monday 11 January, a woman aged in her 30s was walking near the junction of London Road and Southmill Road when a man shouted to her from a dark blue pick-up truck.

The woman told him to leave her alone and continued to walk towards the town centre.

As she approached the South Mill Arts centre, the van drove past her again, in the direction of the Shell petrol station. The driver had indecently exposed himself and was touching himself inappropriately, while laughing.

The driver is described as a white man, aged around late 40s, of large build with brown hair. He was wearing a black T-shirt and a red and white chequered long sleeve top.

PC Ashleigh Deacon, who is investigating, said: "This kind of behaviour is very distressing to witness and I am keen to trace this person as soon as possible. Do you recognise the description of the pick-up truck or the man himself? If so, please get in contact with me."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Ashleigh Deacon.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/2390/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
