```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault that occurred in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following assault in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-in-Hertford-1064
```

* ### Man was repeatedly punched in the face causing him to fall to the ground.

 * ### He suffered a deep cut to his eyebrow, a chipped tooth and a split lip.

 * ### The offender is described as a white, heavily built man, aged between 20 and 30 years old with blond hair.

Officers investigating an assault that occurred in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 11.30pm and 11.45pm on Sunday, August 27, the victim - a man aged in his 30s - was walking along Gascoyne Way when he became involved in an altercation with the offender. During the incident the offender repeatedly punched the victim causing him to fall to the ground.

 The offender is described as a white, heavily built man, aged between 20 and 30 years old with blond hair. At the time of the incident he was wearing a blue T shirt.

PC Sue Loughran, who is investigating, said: "This was a violent assault that left the victim with a deep cut to his eyebrow, a chipped tooth and a split lip.

"Despite speaking to witnesses and carrying out extensive enquiries we have so far been unable to identify the offender. However, we are determined to locate this man and I am therefore appealing to the wider public for information that may help us.

"If you saw the altercation and have not yet spoken to police, or you believe you may have information that can assist our investigation please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Loughran via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/17/2845, or report online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
