```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged assault in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2018
title: Witnesses sought following alleged assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Witnesses-sought-following-alleged-assault-inStAlbans-0031F
```

* ### The incident occurred near the entrance to the Maltings car park in Victoria Street.

 * ### A woman was allegedly knocked unconscious.

 * ### A man has been arrested and bailed in connection with the investigation.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged assault in St Albans.

The incident occurred near the Victoria Street entrance to the Maltings car park at around 1.30am on Saturday, April 7.

A woman aged in her 20s reportedly got into a verbal argument with a man, before he punched her in the face, knocking her unconscious and leaving her with two chipped teeth and cuts and grazes to her chin. He then walked away, towards the town centre.

PC Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "Due to the proximity of local pubs and clubs there would have been a number of people around at the time who may have witnessed the incident or events leading up to it. If you have any information, please get in contact."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Lomax on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F1/18/1603. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 28-year-old man from High Barnet has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been released on police bail while enquiries continue.
