```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are currently investigating following an incident in Bovingdon yesterday evening (Sunday, November 18).
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2018
title: "Incident in Bovingdon \u2013 can you help?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/incident-in-bovingdon-can-you-help-2107D
```

* ### An altercation occurred between two men who were known to each other.

 * ### One man sustained injuries to his abdomen.

 * ### Detectives are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Detectives are currently investigating following an incident in Bovingdon yesterday evening (Sunday, November 18).

At around 7pm, two men, who are believed to be known to each other, were involved in an altercation in Howard Agne Close.

One of the men sustained stab wounds to his abdomen during the incident. He was taken to hospital for treatment where he remains at this time.

Detective Sergeant Paul Perkins said: "Specially trained officers attended to carry out a search of the area. During this time, members of the public were advised to stay indoors as a precaution. We'd like to thank residents for their cooperation and understanding and reassure them they are safe to go about their business as usual.

"Meanwhile, our enquiries are continuing and I am appealing for witnesses, or anyone with information about what happened, to please come forward."

Anyone with information should contact the Dacorum Local Crime Unit on 01442 271042, quoting crime reference 41/57451/18. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
