```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2019
title: Burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-in-watford-1101
```

* ### The burglary occurred in Woodmere Avenue.

 * ### The offenders were disturbed by the homeowner.

 * ### Witnesses are being asked to come forward.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 9.15pm on Wednesday (27 November) a property in Woodmere Avenue was broken into, after the glass in a rear door was smashed.

After carrying out an untidy search of the property, three men were disturbed by the homeowner in the living room and subsequently fled the scene.

Investigations are continuing at this time to establish whether anything was taken.

The homeowner reportedly sustained a minor hand injury during the incident and enquiries are being carried out to establish how this was caused.

Detective Constable Jon Holmes, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are currently in the very early stages of our investigation but would like to appeal for anyone with information to please come forward.

"Did you witness any suspicious activity around the time? Or perhaps see three men running from the area? Any information could greatly assist us moving forward, especially if you may have captured dash cam footage of the suspects."

Anyone with information is asked to email jonathan.holmes2@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/107072/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
