```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced to more than eight years in prison after being found guilty of drug related offences.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2019
title: Two jailed after investigation into Watford drug ring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-jailed-after-investigation-into-watford-drug-ring-742
```

* ### Two men from Watford jailed in relation to drug offences

 * ### The men were jailed for more than eight years

 * ### The men were sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on 29 August

Two men have been sentenced to more than eight years in prison after being found guilty of drug related offences.

Both men played a part in a conspiracy to supply cocaine from Watford in to the Luton area. Mohammed Adil Khan was working as a private hire taxi driver when he used his vehicle to transport drugs worth around £10,000. The second man, Nasir Hussain was in control of several mobile phones or 'lines' which were used to sell drugs to an established customer base in Luton.

The men were part of an organised crime group and were arrested following a lengthy and complex investigation, conducted as part of Operation Relentless by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Covert Investigations Unit.

The men appeared at St Albans Crown Court on 29 August and received the following sentences after pleading not guilty:

 * Mohammed Adil Khan, aged 28, of Durban Road West, Watford, was found guilty of conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine) and sentenced to two years and nine months in prison.
 * Nasir Hussain, aged 25, of Hagden Lane, Watford, was found guilty of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and sentenced to six years in prison.

Detective Chief Inspector Tracy Pemberton from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit said: "These convictions are the result of a long term investigation into the supply of drugs in Watford and other areas, we have made great progress in disrupting established drug supply networks in the area. Due to extensive covert work and intelligence we have gathered, we have been able to make several key arrests, which has made a significant impact on the supply of drugs in Hertfordshire.

"Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you or someone you know has a drugs problem they can get help by contacting FRANK on 0800 77 66 00 or visit www.talktofrank.com.
