```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of Michael Bates, who died following a collision near Waltham Cross on October 1, have paid tribute to him.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2018
title: Family tribute to Michael Bates
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Family-tribute-to-Michael-Bates-1885
```

The family of Michael Bates, who died following a collision near Waltham Cross on October 1, have paid tribute to him.

Michael, aged 41 of Potters Bar, grew up in Waltham Cross with his parents, two sisters -Julie and Katie - and their brother Robert.

He went to Hurst Drive Primary School before moving on to Turnford Secondary School.

Michael met long term partner Melissa Vyse when he was 19 years old. They lived together in Waltham Cross before moving to Potters Bar and have two children - George, aged 20 and Grayce, aged 15.

The father of two worked on his greengrocer stall in Wood Green, North London, which has now been in the family for four generations. Michael recently passed the business onto George, but still played an active part in running the stall.

Michael is described by his family as a joker who loved having a laugh and would always help anyone who found themselves in trouble. He was a dedicated family man who enjoyed holidays with Melissa and their children, including trips to Disney World in Florida and also liked going to horse shows with his family.

He loved everything and anything to do with lorries and also had a keen interest in horses. Both of his grandfathers were well known horsemen and Michael spent his early years driving horses with his father. His passion passed onto his daughter who he loved taking to various shows where he would fondly watch Grayce on her pony. Michael also loved watching George doing motocross.

Michael's family and friends have been left totally devastated by his death and ask that their privacy is respected at this difficult time.

They would like to thank the man who was first at the scene of the collision and gave first aid. They would also like to thank members of the emergency services who attended.

 * **Hertfordshire Constabulary is continuing to appeal for anyone with information about the collision, which occurred at around 7.10pm in Lieutenant Ellis Way, to contact officers via 101, quoting incident number 699 of October 1.**

Michael Bates with partner Melissa and their children George and Grayce. (Picture taken in 2010).
