```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Hatfield where damage was caused to a vehicle are appealing to trace a man who is believed to be a key witness, who has not yet been identified.
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2021
title: Appeal to trace a man who witnessed criminal damage in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-a-man-who-witnessed-criminal-damage-in-hatfield-1224b
```

* ## Police are investigating after damage was caused to a vehicle in Hatfield.

 * ## Objects were allegedly thrown at a Ford Fiesta, causing damage to the bodywork and a crack on the windscreen.

 * ## Officers are hoping to trace a man who is believed to be a key witness.

Officers investigating an incident in Hatfield where damage was caused to a vehicle are appealing to trace a man who is believed to be a key witness, who has not yet been identified.

On Tuesday 2 February, at around 10.30am, it is alleged that objects were thrown at a black Ford Fiesta that was parked in Northfield, causing damage to the body work and a crack to the windscreen.

PC Andy Dockerill, who is investigating, said: "We have received multiple reports of incidents of vehicles being damaged near this area, and we want to assure residents that we are taking these reports seriously and have launched an investigation.

"It was reported that the owner of the vehicle was alerted to the damage by a man who witnessed the incident. I would particularly like to speak to him, as he could be a key witness and could assist with our enquiries. If that was you, or you know who he was, please get in touch with me as soon as you can.

"If you have any information that could help with our investigation, please get in contact via our reporting methods."

If you have any information, you can contact PC Dockerill directly via email.

You can report information online speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/10534/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo (opens in a new window) _and tell us your thoughts.
