```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Hitchin has been given the first Stalking Protection Order (SPO) in Hertfordshire for his obsessive and controlling behaviour.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: "Hitchin man given Hertfordshire\u2019s first Stalking Protection Order"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hitchin-man-given-hertfordshires-first-stalking-protection-order-0739g
```

* ## A Hitchin man has been given the first Stalking Protection Order (SPO).

 * ## The court heard how his behaviour became obsessed and he harassed her on social media.

 * ## If you are concerned about anyone's behaviour, call 101 or saferplaces.co.uk.

A man from Hitchin has been given the first Stalking Protection Order (SPO) in Hertfordshire for his obsessive and controlling behaviour.

Robert Kemp, aged 37, from The Maples, Hitchin, was given an extension of his interim SPO today (Tuesday October 13) at St Albans Magistrates' Court after previously being given a two-year restraining order. He was also handed a two-month prison sentence after pleading guilty to stalking in July this year.

The court heard how Kemp had been in a relationship with his victim for just under two years.

Detective Inspector Claire Richardson from the Domestic Abuse and Investigation Safeguarding Unit (DAISU) said: "When she ended the relationship, after discovering he had repeatedly lied to her, his behaviour became obsessive and he harassed her on social media and online, as well as face to face. He threatened to take his life, used emotional blackmail tactics and gaslighting - all signs of psychological abuse."

The victim said: "Being harassed online is tiring and all consuming. It feels like everything I do online, anything I post, any app I download, he is there watching and waiting."

Detective Constable Kate Mawer from DAISU said: "Kemp was completely fixated on his victim, she felt suffocated and couldn't breathe without him being there after she had ended their relationship. He was literally in every corner of her life, trying to contact her by whatever means. She is slowly trying to rebuild her life but she has lost a new job as a result of how this has affected her mental health."

The victim called police on the non-emergency number 101 when things escalated and Kemp was arrested on June 26, 2020. The victim was immediately referred to DC Mawer in DAISU and Safer Places. The victim said: "Report it - no matter how insignificant you think it is. Screen shot everything as it is evidence no matter how paranoid it may feel, without it, the case will be difficult to prove.

"I wouldn't hesitate to report it again if ever I was in the same situation. I've always felt like I was being taken seriously even from the beginning. I'd especially like to thank PC Kate Mawer and Ivona from Safer Places for their ongoing help and support."

DI Richardson said: "Sadly stalking is prevalent. The Office of National Statistics say that one in five women and one in 10 men will be victims of stalking in their lifetime. The good news is that we have robust ways to deal with this unwanted and irrational behaviour. We work with a number of specialist agencies to support and protect victims so that they can get on with their lives whilst arresting and charging perpetrators. We were aware of other police forces using this powerful legislation and applied for the SPO to safeguard the victim from further harm and prevent Kemp from carrying out further harassment and stalking. Kemp's SPO gives his victim added protection."

_Under the order, Kemp is prohibited from_

 * _Approaching, seeking to approach or communicating by whatever means, directly or indirectly with the victim (this includes Social Media or using Banking Apps)_

 * Entering or coming within 100 metres of any address or location he knows or believes the victim to be or frequent.

 * Making any video or engaging in any surveillance of the victim or other persons without their permission.

 * Having in his possession or under his control, whether on his person or at any premises where he lives or has access, a mobile telephone without notifying the Chief Constable of Hertfordshire the area in which he resides or one of his delegated officers of the details of that device within three days of use and / or possession (including phone number, IMEI and service provider).

 * He must provide Hertfordshire Police with a list of all internet enable devices that he holds or has control of.

 * Possessing any device capable of accessing the internet unless;

_(a) it has the capacity to retain and display the history of internet use and is at all times set to do so_

_(b) he makes the device immediately available on request for inspection by a police officer / delegated monitoring officer_

 * _Deleting any internet or chat / message history without the prior approval of the Chief Constable of Hertfordshire Police or one of his delegated monitoring officers._

 * He must immediately upon request, provide the police with access to social media accounts, mobile phones, computers, tablets including passwords / codes / usernames relating to those devices.

 1. _J) Not access internet accounts that are held in anyone else 's name other than this own, that being in the name of Robert Kemp._
 2. _k) Continue to engage with mental health services and attend probation appointments as required._

The victim added: "He has ruined my life, his harassment may seem trivial but it is not. I want to get on with my life. I want him to do the same. He needs to understand that when it's over, it's over and you need to let go."

She added: "If you know anyone whose behaviour has changed and are concerned about their relationship, call police on 101 or Safer Places on Saferplaces.co.uk. Please be reassured, we are always here to help."
