```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people have been issued with written warnings by police after being caught riding anti-socially in East Herts at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2020
title: Warnings issued for anti-social riding in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warnings-issued-for-anti-social-riding-in-east-herts-0905
```

* ### Police caught a group of males riding through farmland.

 * ### If caught again they could have their bikes seized.

 * ### If you witness similar activity, please report it to police.

Four people have been issued with written warnings by police after being caught riding anti-socially in East Herts at the weekend.

At around 1.45pm on Sunday (22 November) officers from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team stopped a group of males who were riding dirt bikes across farmers' fields and through woodland areas in Bramfield.

If you are caught riding illegally or anti-socially, police can issue a written section 59 warning under the Police Reform Act 2002. If you are caught again within the next 12 months, police have powers to seize your motorcycle.

Riders can also be reported for traffic offences if applicable.

PC Robert Wenham, from East Herts Rural SNT, said: "Anti-social riding causes extensive damage to farm land and has a hugely detrimental effect on the livelihoods of our hardworking local farmers. This kind of behaviour simply won't be tolerated and we will not hesitate to issue warnings and ultimately, seize bikes.

"Furthermore, anti-social riding is extremely dangerous and could lead to serious consequences. People who ride in this manner are not only putting themselves in danger, but also other members of the public too.

"If you see anyone riding anti-socially or illegally, or have any information about who might be responsible, please contact police straight away. Please try and get a good description of the rider and the colour of their helmet, if they are wearing one, and make a note of any registration numbers."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
