```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses after a police officer was assaulted and a police car was rammed.
publish:
  date: 1 May 2018
title: Appeal after burglar assaults police officer - Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-burglar-assaults-police-officer-Rickmansworth-0141C
```

* ### A police officer who attempted to stop burglars in Rickmansworth was assaulted.

 * ### One of the offenders struck him with a hockey stick as they made off from a home in Lime Tree Walk.

 * ### The thieves escaped in a black Audi, colliding with a police car as they left the scene.

 * ### Thankfully the officer's injuries were minor.

 * ### Anyone who saw a black Audi being driven erratically at speed in the area is asked to contact police.

Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses after a police officer was assaulted and a police car was rammed.

At around 12.45pm on Wednesday (April 25), officers were responding to a report of a burglary at a home in Lime Tree Walk in Rickmansworth.

One police officer attempted to stop two suspects who were making off from the house when one of the offenders struck him with a hockey stick.

Both offenders then got into a black Audi containing two other suspects.

In making their escape the Audi collided with one of the police cars at the scene before making off.

Detective Constable Nick Surridge from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit said: "The injuries to the officer could have been much worse but fortunately he was able to defend himself from the offender's blows and only suffered minor injuries.

"I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen a black Audi being driven erratically and at speed in the area around the time stated to get in touch, as you may have key information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information that could assist police is asked to email DC Nick Surridge, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/18/1205 or report the information online. Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
