```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A woman who threw a noxious substance in her ex-partner\u2019s face during a row over money has been sentenced to nine years in prison."
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2019
title: "Woman who threw noxious substance in partner\u2019s face is jailed"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Woman-who-threw-noxious-substance-in-partners-face-is-jailed-2284
```

* ### A woman who threw a noxious substance in her ex-partner's face has been jailed for nine years.

 * ### Julie Myers met up with her victim to agree a settlement over money owned.

 * ### However, as they sat in Myers' car she picked up a bottle and threw it in his face.

 * ### The victim suffered permanent scarring.

 * ### Tests revealed that the liquid contained a strong alkali, believed to be a domestic drain cleaner.

A woman who threw a noxious substance in her ex-partner's face during a row over money has been sentenced to nine years in prison.

Julie Myers, aged 57, of Railway Terrace in Kings Langley, met her ex-boyfriend in the car park of the Cricketers pub in Sarratt on July 2, 2018. They were meeting to agree a settlement over money owed but Myers brought with her an envelope containing tissues instead of the money.

The pair sat in Myers' car to talk but the discussion got heated and Myers picked up a bottle, which appeared to contain water, and threw it into the victim's face.

The substance caused the man's face to sting. He got into his car and drove to a friend's house who took him to the hospital and called police.

Myers, who worked as a cleaner, was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm and later charged with the offence along with a further charge of being in possession of an offensive weapon (the liquid in the bottle).

Forensic tests revealed that the bottle contained strong alkali - believed to be a domestic drain cleaner mixed with water.

Myers pleaded guilty at the earliest opportunity at St Albans Crown Court on September 14.

Today (January 16), she appeared at the same court for sentencing. Judge Philip Grey, passing sentence, highlighted the cruel actions of Myers in her premeditated attack and said that she had planned to lure her victim to meet her with the intention of causing him serious harm.

Myers was jailed for a total of nine years for Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm offence and possessing an offence weapon to run concurrently.

PC Alex Akers, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), which works to protect victims of domestic abuse and their families from harm, said: "The victim in this case has been left with permanent scarring to his face as a result of the action of Myers. The sentence passed by Judge Grey clearly reflects the seriousness of the assault and I would urge anyone suffering from domestic abuse to contact police as we have specially trained officers who will deal with your case sensitively and can provide you with support."

Anyone affected by domestic abuse can visit www.hertssunflower.org or call the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline on 08 088 088 088 for free information, advice and support. The helpline is open weekdays 9am-9pm and weekends 9am-4pm. In an emergency, always call 999.
