```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Transitioning as a serving police officer, the young LGBT+ (Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender+)* community, hate crime** and supporting victims were just some of the subjects covered in a conference held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City today (Monday, February 19 ).
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: Constabulary holds engagement conference as part LGBT History Month
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Constabulary-holds-engagement-conference-as-part-LGBT-History-Month-1623ALL
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary holds conference as part of LGBT history month.

 * ### Better understanding and supporting members of this community a priority for the force.

Transitioning as a serving police officer, the young LGBT+ (Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender+) ***** community, hate crime ****** and supporting victims were just some of the subjects covered in a conference held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City today (Monday, February 19 ).

The conference was held as part of LGBT History Month (February) to keep Hertfordshire Constabulary's police officers and staff up to date with the current issues affecting LGBT+ communities and to encourage victims to report homophobic or transphobic incidents to police.

It was attended by a large number of the force's Lesbian and Gay Liaison Officers (LAGLOs ******* ) - who have been specially trained to support people from LGBT+ communities - and officers and staff who are likely to work with, are part of, or have an interest the LGBT+ community.

**The speakers included:**

 * **The Constabulary 's lead for Sexual Orientation, Chief Superintendent Matthew Nicholls,** who discussed the work the Force LGBT Development Team had achieved over the year.
 * **A female transgender police Inspector (who works for another force),** discussed her experiences of transitioning as a serving police officer.
 * **Retired Flight Lieutenant Caroline Paige** **was the first transgender woman who in 1999 became the first** **openly transgender officer In the British Armed Forces**. She talked about her experiences of transitioning in the Royal Airforce and being the first person to make this historic move.
 * **Group Manager at LGBT rights charity Stonewall Emma Palmer** , gave a training session on transgender awareness and an update about the work Stonewall is undertaking within the LGBT community.
 * **Leanne Clayton, from Who Not What/Youth Connexions Herts** , was accompanied by a young member of the transgender community. She discussed how Who not What and Youth Connexions were working with the youth LGBT community and how they can support them.
 * **Sam Slaytor, from the Hertfordshire Partnership University NHS Foundation Trust** , talked about the work they have been undertaking with the LGBT community around mental health.
 * **Clive Duffey, from LGBT Sexual Health Charity Herts Aid,** discussed the work the charity undertakes in the community and the support they can offer to people who have HIV.
 * **Members of the young LGBT community,** including a trans man and a person who identifies as gender fluid talked to officers about their experiences growing up.

The conference also saw some of the Constabulary's LAGLOs (Lesbian and Gay Liaison Officers) awarded with Rainbow Starfish Awards, recognising their good work undertaken within the LGBT Community.

**Diversity in the force**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to eliminating discrimination and building and maintaining good working relationships with all of the county's diverse communities. Not only does this help the force to understand and serve all of its communities better, it is hoped that every single person \- no matter what their background or circumstances - will feel they can approach the police in times of need and be taken seriously.

As part of this, the force has created dedicated teams which represent the county's wide ranging communities covering sexual orientation and transgender, age, religion and belief, race, disability and gender. The conference was organised by the Force LGBT Development Team, the group that represents sexual orientation and transgender.

**The Constabulary 's lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Chief Superintendent Matthew Nicholls, said:** "We were delighted to hold our second conference of this kind. I am extremely grateful to those who spoke today and shared their moving stories with us.

"It is vital the Constabulary represents the communities it serves and understands the issues facing them. Sadly incidents of homophobic and transphobic hate crime continue and I would encourage anyone who feels they are a victim of such offences to please report it to us.

"Due to the treatment the LGBT community still faces it is important that we facilitate a way for our LAGLOs to keep up to date with relevant, current information to enable them to fully help the LGBT+ community when needed.

"Supporting our LGBT+ employees is also crucial and hearing from a female transgender Police Inspector and retired Fight Lieutenant Caroline Paige, and their experiences of transitioning as serving officers was truly eye-opening. Both women demonstrated real courage and we have a great deal to take on board from their experiences.

"There is much for us to learn and we are keen to ensure we continue to do this so all our communities have the best experience possible when dealing with Hertfordshire Constabulary - whether they are an employee or member of the public.

**Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said:** "Our police force must reflect the society it serves and Hertfordshire Constabulary has taken great steps to eliminate discrimination, prejudice and offer equal opportunities to all.

"Hearing from victims who have experienced hate crime, and from experts from voluntary organisations, will enable officers and staff to understand the needs of all our communities in Hertfordshire as well as their colleagues.

"I encourage this work to continue so that the force can provide an exceptional service to all residents, no matter what their background or circumstances."

****Hate Crime**

Hate crime is a crime where a victim is perceived to be targeted because of their religion, race, sexual orientation, disability or transgender identity. Hate crimes are despicable offences which tend to carried out against the most vulnerable members of society. Victims of hate crime - including transgender and homophobic victims - can report offences directly to police via the non-emergency number 101 or 999 in an emergency.

From April 2017 to November 2017, 26 transgender and 151 homophobic motivated hate crimes were reported in Hertfordshire. For the same period the previous year, 29 transgender and 132 homophobic hate crimes were reported. The Constabulary would like to encourage victims and witnesses of hate crime to report incidents to police without fear and to reassure them that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

Alternatively hate crime can also be reported online through the True Vision website which all police forces in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are signed up to. The online report will then be forwarded to the relevant local police force.

*****What do LAGLOs do?**

The Constabulary's 80 LAGLOs are police officers and staff who have been specially trained to support people from LGBT communities. All police officers are able to support the LGBT+ community, but LAGLOs are in place to provide additional support and understanding.

LAGLOs aim t

to:

 * encourage the LGBT+ community to report homophobic incidents to police and to give information, advice and support to victims and witnesses of crimes
 * positively engage with LGBT+ communities and develop good working relationships with relevant partners and key community groups dedicated to LGBT issues
 * advise and support fellow police officers dealing with homophobic incidents
 * raise awareness amongst colleagues and promote understanding about the needs of the LGBT community The force's 80 LAGLOs consist of police officers and Police Community Support Officers (PSCOs) and are based all over the county. They can be reached by calling the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via 999. The support of a LAGLO can then be requested if required. Further information about the LAGLOs can be found on our website.

LBGT conference
