```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after three teenagers were robbed in Watford on New Year\u2019s Eve (Tuesday 31 December)."
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2020
title: Three teenagers robbed in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-teenagers-robbed-in-watford-1243c
```

* ## The incident occurred between 9pm and 9.30pm on New Year's Eve.

 * ## Several items were stolen by the two suspects.

 * ## Police are asking people to review CCTV or doorbell camera footage.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after three teenagers were robbed in Watford on New Year's Eve (Tuesday 31 December).

Between 9pm and 9.30pm, three teenage boys were walking along Field Road when they were approached by two males near the junction with Lower Paddock Road. The males then started to the follow the victims into King Edward Road and shouted at them to stop.

The males asked the victims to hand over their personal property. When they refused, one of the males then produced a knife.

Cash, a watch, an iPhone, aftershave and a bag were subsequently taken.

The first suspect has been described as being approximately 6ft tall, aged around 17 and was wearing a long black coat and a hood.

The second suspect is described as being aged around 16 and was wearing a black coat with the hood up and black Nike jogging bottoms.

Detective Constable Jon Holmes, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was hurt but this was a frightening ordeal for the victims. I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or who may have information about who the suspects are, to please get in touch.

"I am also appealing for people living the in Field Road, Lower Paddock Road and Kind Edward Road areas to please review any CCTV or video doorbell footage, between around 8.30pm and 9.45pm, as you may have captured material which could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email DC Holmes

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/8/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
