```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two people were arrested over the weekend on suspicion of assisting an offender in relation to the death of Luke O\u2019Connell in Watford on Saturday 31 August."
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2019
title: "Two arrested for assisting an offender in relation to death of Luke O\u2019Connell"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-for-assisting-an-offender-in-relation-to-death-of-luke-oconnell-0839
```

* ### Two people were arrested over the weekend on suspicion of assisting an offender in relation to the death of Luke O'Connell.

 * ### Four men have already been charged with murder.

 * ### Call 101 if you have information that could assist the investigation.

Two people were arrested over the weekend on suspicion of assisting an offender in relation to the death of Luke O'Connell in Watford on Saturday 31 August.

A 25 year old man from Watford was arrested on Saturday and a 19 year old woman from Watford was arrested on Sunday. Both have been released while enquires continue.

Luke died in hospital following an incident on Gammons Lane in Watford which occurred just before 3am on Saturday 31 August.

Four men have been charged with murder.

Anyone with further information in regards to this investigation is asked to report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Orient. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

• Shahnavaz Azad, aged 27, of Nicholas Close, Watford, Mohammed Haroon Azad, aged 21, of Nicholas Close, Watford, Aamir Mustafa, aged 22, of St George's Road, Watford and Hamza Shah, aged 19, of Hagden Lane, Watford have been charged with murder with a pre-trial hearing on 3 December at St Albans Crown Court. A provisional trial court date has been set for 2 March 2020 at St Albans Crown Court.
