```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are continuing to search farmland as part of the investigation into the whereabouts of missing William Taylor.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2018
title: Searches continue for missing William Taylor
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Searches-continue-for-missing-WilliamTaylor-0494MD
```

* ### William Taylor was last seen at his home in Gosmore on Sunday, June 3

 * ### Police began searching a 1.7km radius of William's home on Thursday (July 5)

 * ### If you've seen William since he was reported missing or have information, please call 101. For immediate sightings, please call 999

Officers are continuing to search farmland as part of the investigation into the whereabouts of missing William Taylor.

70 year old William, known as Bill to his family and friends, was last seen at his home in Gosmore on Sunday, June 3.

Police began searching a 1.7km radius of William's home on Thursday morning (July 5).

Over the weekend, they were joined by a total of 100 specialist volunteers, who had travelled from as far as Dorset to help search through the oat crops which are currently at waist-height.

North Herts Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley is continuing to appeal to the public. Speaking from William's home on Friday (July 6), she said: "If you've seen Bill, if you've got any information regarding Bill, please contact 101 and report it to us. William's family is very concerned, we're concerned.

"It's been over four weeks now, so please any information - no matter how small or insignificant you think it is - please report it."

William is described as white, around 5ft 11in tall, of medium build with short grey hair. He was last seen wearing a baby blue shirt, jeans and black wellies. William may be wearing a navy blue boiler suit.

** **

If you have seen him since he went missing or have information about his whereabouts please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101. If you believe you are with William or have seen him in the last few moments please call 999.

Footage of the searches, including an appeal from CI Julie Wheatley, can be viewed on our YouTube channel here: https://youtu.be/FXftkCvTEJQ

William Taylor
