```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating two indecent exposures in Hemel Hempstead are trying to trace a jogger who may have witnessed what happened.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2019
title: Indecent exposures in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/indecent-exposures-in-hemel-hempstead-0681
```

* ### Both incidents occurred in Piccotts End Lane.

 * ### A man reportedly exposed himself to female passers-by.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Police investigating two indecent exposures in Hemel Hempstead are trying to trace a jogger who may have witnessed what happened.

Both incidents occurred in Piccotts End Lane, the first at around 7.30am on Monday 29 July and the second at around 9.30am on Tuesday 30 July.

On both occasions, a man reportedly exposed himself to female passers-by.

PC Lauren Eifert, from the Constabulary's Case Investigation Team, said: "We are currently linking the incidents and have been carrying out enquiries to try and trace the suspect. It has come to light that a man was jogging in the area at the time of the first incident and we would like to trace this person, as he may have seen what happened. If this was you, please get in contact.

"I'd also be keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a man acting suspiciously in the area in recent weeks. Any information at all could greatly assist our enquiries."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/68992/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
