```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested after officers executed a drugs warrant in Mill End this morning (Friday, June 21).
publish:
  date: 21 Jun 2019
title: Man arrested following drugs warrant in Mill End
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-following-drugs-warrant-in-mill-end-0408c
```

* ### A man was arrested after officers executed a drugs warrant in Mill End this morning (Friday, June 21).

 * ### Officers forced entry to a flat in Mead Place at 6am before searching the address and arresting a 21-year-old man.

 * ### A quantity of suspected cannabis was seized from the address, as well as a large quantity of cash, drugs paraphernalia, a BB gun and pellets.

A man was arrested after officers executed a drugs warrant in Mill End this morning (Friday, June 21).

Officers from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team, supported by colleagues from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, forced entry to a flat in Mead Place at 6am before searching the address.

A 21-year-old from Mill End was arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply Class B drugs (cannabis). He is currently in police custody.

A quantity of suspected cannabis was seized from the address, as well as a large quantity of cash, drugs paraphernalia, a BB gun and pellets.

A vehicle was also searched as part of the operation.

Operation Scorpion PC Laura Shearwood, who led the operation, said: "We took proactive action after receiving intelligence to suggest that there was suspected drug dealing happening at the address. This is just one example of the wider work we are doing to crack down on drugs supply in Three Rivers.

"We know drugs can have a hugely detrimental effect on local communities as they are often a pre-cursor to more violent and acquisitive crime. If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please report it to us so we can build an intelligence picture that enables us to take the appropriate steps to tackle it."

You can report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
