```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from the Constabulary\u2019s Sexual Offences Investigation Team (SOIT) are continuing to carry out significant enquiries following an incident of sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead."
publish:
  date: 10 May 2019
title: Sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead - update
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sexual-assault-in-Hemel-Hempstead-Update-0202
```

Officers from the Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team (SOIT) are continuing to carry out significant enquiries following an incident of sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.

A woman was walking along Redbourn Road at around 11.40pm on Wednesday (May 8) when she was approached by a man who touched her inappropriately.

The offender was disturbed by a nearby resident who came to the woman's aid and shouted at the man, who then ran away.

The offence happened on the stretch of road between the roundabout at the junction with St Agnells Lane and the Link Road and the Texaco petrol station.

Officers are also exploring the possibility that this assault is linked to an incident that occurred on Saturday, May 4 just before 7pm in Shenley Road when a man grabbed the arm of a woman saying 'hello' before running off.

Detective Inspector John Harlock from SOIT said: "We are continuing to work hard to identify and arrest the offender responsible for the sexual assault and there are a number of significant enquiries on-going, including further investigations around the incident on May 4.

"Local officers will be continuing to carry out proactive evening and night-time patrols in the area throughout this weekend to both reassure the public and keep people safe.

"However, I would also urge people to consider their own personal safety when out and about this weekend. You can access further personal safety advice on our website at https://www.herts.police.uk/A-Z/Personal-safety.

"Anyone with concerns should not hesitate to contact their local Safer Neighbourhood team or call the non-emergency number 101. If there is a crime in progress always dial 999.

"If you believe you have information about the assault or the incident on May 4 and have not yet spoken to officers please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact DI Harlock by emailing _john.harlock@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/41379/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
