```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two police officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary have won BBC Three Counties People Awards at a recent awards ceremony.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2019
title: Hertfordshire police officers win BBC Three Counties People Awards
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-police-officers-win-bbc-three-counties-people-awards-0864
```

* ### PC Jordan Willett and PC Dave Wardell came second and third in the 999 category respectively on Wednesday 25 September

 * ### The awards recognise the exceptional achievements of people living and working in Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire

 * ### PC Willett saved a member of the public's life in February and PC Wardell has campaigned for new legislation giving better protection to service dogs and horses

Two police officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary have won BBC Three Counties People Awards at a recent awards ceremony.

PC Jordan Willett and PC Dave Wardell came second and third in the 999 category respectively, on Wednesday 25 September.

The awards are hosted by BBC Three Counties Radio to recognise the exceptional achievements of people living and working in Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire.

PC Willett, who is based on the Welwyn Hatfield Intervention Team (responding to 999 calls) won his award for saving a member of the public's life back in February this year.

On Tuesday 12 February, Michael Buzzacott and his wife were walking back to their car in the Campus West car park, Welwyn Garden City, when Michael suddenly collapsed and became unresponsive. PC Willett was on patrol in the area as part of the street triage service which sees police officers crewed with a mental health nurse. They were alerted to the incident and upon arrival, PC Willett commenced CPR until Michael began breathing on his own.

After being taken to hospital and placed into an induced coma, Michael thankfully awoke and in March he visited PC Willett at Hatfield Police Station to thank him.

At the awards ceremony, PC Willett was joined once again by Michael along with Welwyn Hatfield officers Sergeant Barry Eldridge and Chief Inspector Simon Mason who were there to congratulate PC Willett.

PC Wardell is part of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit Team. In 2016, PC Wardell and Police Dog Finn were both stabbed as they apprehended a robbery suspect in Stevenage. Due to the law at the time, the suspect could only face criminal damage charges for the injury caused to Finn.

Since then, PC Wardell has campaigned for new legislation giving better protection to service dogs and horses. In April this year, the campaign 'Finn's Law' succeeded and causing unnecessary suffering to a service animal is now an offence in England and Wales.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "I am very proud of both PC Willett and PC Wardell and I would like to congratulate them.

"PC Willett's actions back in February are a credit to the Constabulary and his strength of character. Not everyone would be able to stay so calm and measured in such a highly-pressurised environment.

"PC Wardell's determination to see Finn's Law implemented in UK law is inspiring. Across the country, service dogs and horses play an important role in policing and thanks to PC Wardell's hard work they are now being recognised and valued for their contribution."

Photo 1: Bedfordshire Police Chief Constable Gary Forsyth (who presented the 999 awards), Michael Buzzacott, PC Jordan Willett and BBC Three Counties Radio's Justin Dealey. Photo credit: Kady Braine

Photo 2: PC Dave Wardell and PD Finn on stage collecting the award. Photo credit: Kristin Bass
