```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed for a total of 15 years after being found guilty of raping a 12-year-old girl in Watford.
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2018
title: Men jailed for rape of 12-year-old
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Men-jailed-for-rape-of-12-year-old-0050C
```

* ### Two men jailed for rape of 12-year-old girl in Watford.

 * ### The child was vulnerable and under the legal age of consent.

 * ### Case investigated by Constabulary's specialist child sexual exploitation unit.

Two men have been jailed for a total of 13 years after being found guilty of raping a 12-year-old girl in Watford.

Tommy Connors, aged 21, and Patrick Brooks, aged 22, were found to have arranged to meet and have sex with the girl. She was under the legal age of consent and also was considered vulnerable by police.

Concerns were raised with police after sexualised messages were found on the girl's mobile phone.

A subsequent police investigation found that the men had initially made contact with the girl via social media. They had then messaged the girl and arranged to meet her for sex in January 2015, travelling in from outside Hertfordshire.

Connors, formerly of Layhams Road, Bromley, Kent, and Brooks, previously of Oak Lane, Billericay, Essex, were found guilty on Thursday (April 5) at St Albans Crown Court. They were sentenced to eight years and seven years in prison respectively the following day (Friday April 6).

A third male, aged 19, was found not guilty.

The matter was investigated by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Halo unit, which specialises in tackling child sexual exploitation.

Investigating officer, Detective Sergeant Alexandra Bruzas said: "The 12-year-old girl was young and vulnerable. Connors and Brooks took advantage of this in order to exploit her. This can only be described as premeditated and planned rape of a child.

"I would like to pay tribute to the girl for her bravery throughout the investigation. I hope this sentencing brings some form of closure to her and her family."

Patrick Brooks, aged 22 Tommy Connors, aged 21
