```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault and theft in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following an assault and theft in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-assault-and-theft-in-cheshunt-0356
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault and theft in Cheshunt.

The incident happened on Friday, January 4, outside Deju Vu restaurant in the High Street.

At around 8pm, the victim - a 39 year old man, was assaulted by a teenage boy following a verbal altercation. The offender punched the victim, causing him to fall to the ground unconscious.

The offender was in a group of around 10 to 15 young people, a mix of girls and boys. One of the group stole the victim's black woolly hat as he fell to the ground.

Inspector Gerry Harrison said: "CCTV enquiries have unfortunately proved negative and we are doing all we can to try and trace those responsible.

"I appreciate the incident happened some time ago but I am urging the public to try and cast your mind back to that Friday night. Were you in the High Street or the restaurant at the time? Do you remember seeing an altercation?

"This was understandably frightening and distressing for the victim, so please do not hesitate to get in touch if you think you can help.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _gerald.harrison@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , quoting crime reference 41/1291/19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
