```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) in Hertsmere have set the policing priorities to focus on over the next three months.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: Policing priorities for Hertsmere set for next three months
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/policing-priorities-for-hertsmere-set-for-next-three-months-0720j
```

* ## Safer Neighbourhood teams set priorities for next three months.

 * ## These have been set following feedback from the public.

 * ## Have your say on what we should be focusing on through community voice platform echo.

The Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) in Hertsmere have set the policing priorities to focus on over the next three months.

The SNT is responsible for fixing short and long-term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour and they work with local partners, including the council, to ensure that the Borough is a safe place to live and work.

The following priorities have been set and a dedicated team of PCs and PCSOs will be working to address them:

**Borehamwood and Elstree**

 * Anti-social behaviour (ASB), including anti-social driving of vehicles, drug-related activity and nuisance youths, in Leeming Road and the surrounding area in Borehamwood. This is a priority that remains a focus for the SNT and with work on-going, the team with continue to tackle it.
 * Speeding and vehicles being driven in an anti-social manner in and around Horizon Place and Studio Way, Borehamwood
 * Theft from motor vehicles in Borehamwood and Elstree

**Bushey and Radlett**

 * Anti-social behaviour and crime in the parks and open spaces across Bushey - this follows a reported increase in incidents since July

**Potters Bar and Shenley**

 * High value/bulk shopliftings in Darkes Lane, Potters Bar
 * Begging/vagrancy in Darkes Lane, Potters Bar
 * Anti-social driving and speeding, and dangerous and anti-social parking in Porters Park Drive, London Road and Black Lion Hill, Shenley

Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Rachael Robertson said: "These priorities have been set following responses from residents using our public feedback service echo and I thank them for taking the time in sharing what matters most to them. It's really useful to understand what you would like to see from us.

"We will review these again in three months but in the meantime, you can still provide us with feedback using echo. Simply go to bit.ly/police-hm and have your say. It's important to note that some comments we receive are about things that aren't police matters, such as parking and litter, however we do pass these comments to our partner agencies, such as Hertsmere Borough Council so that they are aware and can look to tackle them."

You can follow @ Hertsmerepolice on Twitter and 'Hertsmere Police' on Facebook for regular updates from your Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
