```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City have released images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2020
title: Have you seen this jewellery stolen from Welwyn Garden City?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-jewellery-stolen-from-welwyn-garden-city-0851
```

* ### Detectives are releasing images of items stolen in a burglary in Welwyn Garden City in a bid to trace them.

 * ### The burglary happened in Brockswood Lane, on Monday 2 November.

 * ### Several pieces of jewellery and perfume were stolen.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City have released images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.

On Monday 2 November, a property in Brockswood Lane was broken into between 2.20pm and 8.45pm. A window had been smashed in order for the offender(s) to gain entry.

An untidy search was carried out, and several pieces of jewellery and perfume were stolen.

Police also received a report of another property in the same street being accessed, though nothing was stolen.

Detective Constable Beth Stevens, who is investigating, said: "The jewellery that was stolen has incredibly sentimental value to the victim, and we would really like to reunite them with their property. Perhaps you have seen the pictured pieces, which are fairly distinctive, or you have been offered them for sale? If you do recognise them, please get in touch with me.

"Additionally, if you were in the area at the time and think you might have information that could assist with our enquiries, please get in touch. I'd also like to ask anyone who was travelling down Brockswood Lane on that day, who has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle, to please review the footage in case they captured something significant. If you did, please send it through to me."

If you have any information, you can contact DC Stevens directly via email at _beth.stevens@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/88567/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
