```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a dog was reported to be dangerously out of control in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2018
title: "Did you witness dog dangerously out of control in Bishop\u2019s Stortford?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dangerous-dog-bishops-stortford-appeal
```

* ## Runner bitten by dog in town park.

 * ## Woman with dog left the area without talking to police.

 * ## Victim required hospital treatment for injuries.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a dog was reported to be dangerously out of control in Bishop's Stortford.

At around 11.45am on Wednesday, April 4 a man in his 50s was running along the footpath that runs next to the railway line, near the skate park in Castle Gardens when a reddish brown coloured dog off its lead ran to him and jumped up at him.

The man sustained scratches and a bite to his arm. He required hospital treatment and a course of antibiotics.

A woman, who was with the dog, approached and placed the dog on a lead. The woman offered to take the man to her house to help with his injuries, but the man asked for the police to be involved.

Both the man and woman headed towards the police station, but before they arrived she left him in North Street and left the area.

The woman is described as being white, in her late 60s or early 70s, of a heavy build and around 5ft 3ins tall. She had medium-length straight, blonde hair and was wearing a beige coat, brown trousers and green wellington boots. She had a cream handbag and a green ball with her.

The dog is described as having a short, curly coat with a long tail. It was around half a metre tall when on all fours. The lead was brown coloured.

Anyone who witnessed what happened or has any information in relation to this incident is asked to contact PC Louise Gibson via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A2/18/598, or online at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report/Crime.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
