```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We have released the CCTV image of two males who may be able to help with enquiries into an arson in Wormley.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2020
title: Appeal following arson in Wormley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-arson-in-wormley-0048
```

* ### Witnesses and information are being sought after an incident of arson in Wormley.

 * ### It took place at a business premises off Wharf Road on the evening on Monday 13 April.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/30120/20 if you have information.

We have released the CCTV image of two males who may be able to help with enquiries into an arson in Wormley.

A fire was started at a business premises off Wharf Road on Monday 13 April between 8pm and 9.30pm. Other fires have been set, possibly at the same incident.

The males pictured were in the area around the time of the offence and they could have information about what happened. While the images are not of the highest quality, they are clear enough for someone who knows them to identify them.

Detective Constable Richard Webster said: "I'm looking for witnesses and information into this incident of arson which severely damaged a business property.

"The incident took place in a remote area, but there are homes nearby and someone may have seen something suspicious which could help the investigation, or may be able to identify the males pictured.

"Those responsible clearly placed both themselves and others at risk."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Webster directly via email at _richard.webster@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/30120/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
