```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating criminal damage to parked vehicles in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following criminal damage to parked cars in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-criminal-damage-to-parked-cars-in-Hatfield
```

* ### Parked vehicles in De Havilland Close, St Albans Road West and Lemsford Road were damaged.

 * ### Police have received reports of someone walking along, shouting and damaging vehicles.

 * ### The offender is described as being around 5ft 6in tall, with long light coloured hair tied back and wearing a puffa jacket.

 * ### Anyone who witnessed the damage taking place or whose vehicle has been damage but not yet reported to police is asked to contact officers.

Officers investigating criminal damage to parked vehicles in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 11.30pm on Saturday, February 10, damage was caused to a number of parked vehicles in De Havilland Close, St Albans Road West and Lemsford Road.

PC Rhianna Ward, who is investigating, said: "We have received reports of a person walking along, shouting and damaging parked cars in these streets. Damage has been caused to wing mirrors, number plates and windscreen wipers.

"To date, three people have contacted police to report that their vehicles have been damaged but we believe that there may be more victims who have not yet contacted officers.

"The offender is described as being around 5ft 6in tall, with long light coloured hair tied back and wearing a puffa jacket.

"If you witnessed anyone damaging vehicles on the night of Saturday, February 10, or your vehicle has been damaged and you have not yet reported it to police, please get in touch by emailing me at rhianna.ward@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference B2/18/638, call Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"Alternatively, if you'd rather provide information anonymously contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
