```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eight new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday, September 6.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2018
title: Eight new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Eight-new-Special-Constables-join-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-1740
```

* ### Eight new volunteer Special Constables join Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary

 * ### They have completed an 11 week training course and have the same powers as regular officers

 * ### If you'd like to join, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk

Eight new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday, September 6.

During eleven weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those that graduated are

 * **Melliz Mehmet** **,** who will be based at Broxbourne Police Station
 * **Louis Avevor** , who will be based at Hatfield Police Station

 * **Stuart Parker,** who will be based at Hitchin Police Station

 * **Kirsty Tomlin** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station

 * **Michelle Luckings** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station

 * **Harry Barber** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station

 * **Luke Chisem** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station

 * **Thomas Sheppard** , who will be based at Watford Police Station

They were joined by their family and friends.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

**Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson awarded the Specials with their certificates. He said:** "It is a great honour to welcome these new Special Constables to the Constabulary. The work they do is vital in helping us to police the county. I want to wish them all well as they now move on to undertake this important role within the communities of Hertfordshire."

**Special Constabulary Chief Officer, Mark Kendrew said:** "As the Special Constabulary Chief Officer, I was delighted to meet our new Special Constables and I am very proud to welcome them to our dedicated team. Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and making a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire."

**Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Gibson said:** "We're very fortunate to have such a dedicated team of Special Constables in Hertfordshire and they bring a different and valuable perspective to our policing.

"Our Specials have in the past provided specialist knowledge to some of the most challenging policing situations, including during major cyber-attacks, and we want to build on this by recruiting even more people to the role."

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of modern slavery, human trafficking, child sexual exploitation, cybercrime, domestic abuse and prisoner processing.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.
