```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "In a bid to reduce to the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county\u2019s roads, Hertfordshire Constabulary is backing a national seatbelt campaign which starts on 29 June."
publish:
  date: 23 Jun 2020
title: Police back national seatbelt campaign in bid to save lives
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-back-national-seatbelt-campaign-in-bid-to-save-lives-0251
```

In a bid to reduce to the number of people killed and seriously injured on the county's roads, Hertfordshire Constabulary is backing a national seatbelt campaign which starts on 29 June.

People who did not wear a seatbelt and were involved in a collision in Hertfordshire over the past three years were 23 times more likely to be killed or seriously hurt than they were to sustain slight injuries.

Last year alone, 384 tickets - more than one a day - were issued to people in Hertfordshire for not wearing a seatbelt. Evidence shows that men are over five times more likely to not wear a seatbelt compared to women.

Seatbelts are one of the simplest and most important features for protecting motorists and their passengers. It is essential that everyone wears a seatbelt, not just the driver. In a collision, an unrestrained back seat passenger can be thrown forward with enough force to kill the person in front.

CI Jon Roche, Head of the tri-force Roads Policing Unit, said: "If you are not wearing a seatbelt and you are involved in a collision, chances are you will be killed or seriously injured. Collisions can happen at any time so it is vital that everyone wears a seatbelt on every journey, no matter how short. They are really easy to use and are proven to save lives so please make sure you wear yours."

In the UK, if a seatbelt is fitted it is a legal requirement to wear it. Failure to do so can result in a fine of up to £500\. Drivers are responsible for children under 14 being in a restraint appropriate to their age and height (click here for more info).
