```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a distraction burglary in Hitchin have released two images of a woman they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following distraction burglary \u2013 Hitchin"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-distraction-burglary-hitchin-0896g
```

* ### Do you recognise this woman? Police would like to speak to her as part of their enquiries into a distraction burglary in Hitchin.

 * ### It happened in Hollow Lane just before 8pm on Thursday 10 October, and the victim was a man in his 90s.

 * ### If you can help, please contact police straight away quoting crime reference 41/91989/19.

Detectives investigating a distraction burglary in Hitchin have released two images of a woman they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Hollow Lane just before 8pm on Thursday 10 October.

The victim, a man in his 90s, was at home when he received a knock on the door from a woman he did not recognise.

She claimed she was his new carer so he let her in, but asked to see some identification. The woman said she would retrieve it from her car, so left the property but never came back.

Once she had gone, the victim realised that a small amount of cash and a set of keys had been taken.

Detective Constable Mike Hardiman, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We are very keen to speak to the woman pictured as we believe she was in the area at the time of the offence and may have vital information that could help with our investigation.

"We are providing full support to the victim and have ensured that the appropriate safeguarding measures have been put in place."

If you recognise the woman pictured, or have any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference 41/91989/19.

You can email DC Hardiman, report information online, use online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
