```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are now in a position to name the man murdered in Watford yesterday (Saturday 1 September) as 27 year old Luke O\u2019Connell."
publish:
  date: 1 Sep 2019
title: Appeal from the family of a man murdered in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-from-the-family-of-a-man-murdered-in-watford-0696
```

* ### Man murdered in Watford named

 * ### Luke O'Connell died Saturday 31 August

 * ### His family are appealing for information

Police are now in a position to name the man murdered in Watford yesterday (Saturday 31 August) as 27 year old Luke O'Connell.

Luke, who was from Watford, suffered serious injuries following an incident in Gammons Lane just before 3am and was pronounced deceased in hospital.

A three vehicle collision occurred before a fight broke out involving a number of people.

The family of Luke O'Connell are appealing to anyone who may have any information about what happened to him to contact police.

His mum said: "As you can imagine we are absolutely devastated at what has happened to Luke. He had his whole life ahead of him and we are heartbroken.

"We would urge anyone who has any information about what happened to Luke to please contact the police in confidence or Crimestoppers anonymously."

A 19 year old man from Watford has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody.

If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Orient. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/contact

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
