```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to five years in prison after being found in possession of Class A drugs in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2020
title: Man jailed for five years for drug offences in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-five-years-for-drug-offences-in-cheshunt-1394
```

* ### Ashley Mansaram, 34, was sentenced to five years in prison.

 * ### He was found in possession of Class A drugs in Cheshunt.

 * ### Report crime information by calling 101.

A man has been sentenced to five years in prison after being found in possession of Class A drugs in Cheshunt.

Ashley Mansaram, aged 34, of Hillingdon Road, Watford, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Friday (7 February) where he was sentenced following a three-day trial which saw him found guilty of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, namely heroin and cocaine.

The court heard how on Monday 9 September 2019 members of Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion team were on patrol when they saw Mansaram in Rowlands Court, parked in a white BMW which was believed to be involved in drug supply. After a search class A drugs were found next to the car and about Mansaram's person. He was arrested and charged.

Detective Sergeant Jonathan Leak, who investigated the case, said: "I am pleased that another drug offender has been taken off the streets. This was largely due to excellent proactive police work by members of the Operation Scorpion team.

"We are always working to gain intelligence on criminality involving drugs and I would urge any members of the public who suspect there is drugs activity in their local area to please report it to us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
