```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in North Herts are urging the public to secure their properties and follow crime prevention advice after a spate of burglaries in Hitchin, Letchworth, Baldock and the surrounding villages.
publish:
  date: 18 Apr 2018
title: Police arrest two for burglary and remind people to secure their properties following burglaries in North Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-arrest-two-for-burglary-and-remind-people-to-secure-their-properties-following-burglaries-in-NorthHerts-0070G
```

* ### 16 burglaries have happened in North Herts

 * ### Two boys have been arrested in connection with burglary.

 * ### Police are urging residents to be vigilant and secure their properties.

Police in North Herts are urging the public to secure their properties and follow crime prevention advice after a spate of burglaries in Hitchin, Letchworth, Baldock and the surrounding villages.

Since the end of March, 16 burglaries have taken place. Twelve of these happened in Hitchin in Westwood Avenue, Halsey Drive, Waltham Road, Girons Close, Three Houses Lane, Kings Hedges, The Mead, Wilton Road, West Hill, Willoughby Way, Nightingale Road, Orchard Way and one in East Street, Lilley. One also happened in Western Way, Knebworth and a further two took place in Boscombe Court and Hurst Close, Letchworth.

In each of the incidents, victims either had property stolen or their homes were damaged when the offender(s) attempted to gain entry.

Following on-going police investigations, a 17-year-old boy from Hitchin was arrested on April 12 and a 14-year-old boy was arrested on April 14, both on suspicion of burglary. They have been released under investigation pending further police enquiries.

**Detective Inspector Mike Keane leads the North Herts Local Crime Unit. He said:** "We have seen a recent rise in burglaries and are doing everything we can to identify those responsible. As well as the arrests we have already made, we are stepping up our high visibility patrols and are handing out crime prevention advice in affected areas.

"Members of the public can help us in our fight against burglary by remaining vigilant, reporting suspicious behaviour and also by ensuring they have properly secured their homes.

"Offences can happen during the daytime and evenings when occupants are not at home. Criminals will always prefer to target unoccupied homes. If you give your home a lived in look, by using a timer switch to turn on a light, radio or TV, when it gets dark then criminals are more likely to avoid your home."

If you see anyone behaving suspiciously around your street, please report it to police via the non-emergency number 101 straight away. If however, you feel could be witnessing a burglary or any other crime in action, please dial 999 immediately.

Hertfordshire Constabulary would also recommend residents consider the follow crime prevention advice to further secure their homes:

 * **Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.**

 * Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.

 * Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.

 * **Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.**

 * Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.

 * Join Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: www.owl.co.uk.
