```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a woman was assaulted in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2017
title: Appeal after woman was assaulted in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-woman-was-assaulted-in-Letchworth
```

* ### Did you witness woman assaulted on Hitchin Road, Letchworth?

 * ### Incident occurred between 2.30am and 3am on Saturday, October 21.

 * ### 18 year old female pushed on to a bench and assaulted.

 * ### The offender is described as being a white man with slightly tanned skin and in his 40s.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a woman was assaulted in Letchworth.

Between 2.30 and 3am this morning Saturday (October 21), the victim, an 18 year old female was walking past Wyvale Garden Centre, on Hitchin Road towards Letchworth, when she was approached from across the road by a man. The male pushed to her to a nearby bench and assaulted her.

The victim managed to fight the man off and ran down the road where she was helped by passers-by. She did not suffer any injuries during the incident.

The offender is described as being a white man with slightly tanned skin and in his 40s. He was around six ft tall and had dark short hair slightly swept back. He was wearing a grey turtle neck jumper, ripped wash faded jeans.

Detective Constable Kate Marshall, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident or witnessed a man walking along in the area around the time stated to get in touch, as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Marshall via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/17/3264.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
