```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Welwyn Garden City on Tuesday, June 12.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following indecent exposure in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-0390MD
```

* ### The incident happened in Ridgeway on Tuesday, June 12 at around 3.30pm

 * ### Police woud like to hear from witnesses and are interested in speaking to a male who was seen challenging the offender

 * ### Anyone who can help should contact DC Christpher Aherne on 101 or christopher.aherne@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/7006/18

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Welwyn Garden City on Tuesday, June 12.

At around 3.30pm, two women aged 35 and 42, were driving along Ridgeway when the offender, who was standing next to the wooded area, exposed himself.

The offender then made off into the wooded area.

He is described as white, aged 20 to 30 years old and with mousey brown hair that is short on the back and sides and longer on top. He was wearing a blue t-shirt with a logo on it and grey tracksuit bottoms.

DC Christopher Aherne, who is investigating, said: "The actions of this individual are completely unacceptable and I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, or anyone who has information about it, to get in touch with me.

"During the incident, the offender appeared to be challenged by another male who followed him as he made off. I would like to also hear from this person as they may have information that can help us. If this was you, please contact me."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Aherne on the non-emergency number 101 or christopher.aherne@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/7006/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
