```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking for bright and enthusiastic volunteers to join as Special Constables.
publish:
  date: 6 May 2020
title: "We\u2019re recruiting! Become a Herts Police Special Constable"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/were-recruiting-become-a-herts-police-special-constable-0092
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking for bright and enthusiastic volunteers to join as Special Constables

 * ### A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers

 * ### For more information, including how to apply, visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk

Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking for bright and enthusiastic volunteers to join as Special Constables.

A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers.

Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer their spare time for a minimum of 16 hours a month. They are highly trained and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime and keeping the communities of Hertfordshire safe.

For many years, Hertfordshire Specials have been deployed in frontline policing teams, including:

 * Response (being dispatched by the control room to attend 999 calls)
 * Safer Neighbourhood Teams (fixing short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour)
 * Road Policing Unit (patrolling the roads of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire responding to traffic offences and collisions)
 * Operational Support Unit (responsible for an array of capabilities including protest removal)
 * Warrants and Bail (responsible for ensuring outstanding offenders are progressed through our systems and brought to justice effectively and efficiently)

Special Constables work closely with regular police officers and there is opportunity for gaining experience in specialisms such as rural policing and investigative support. Just like regular police officers they can progress through the ranks to become Special Sergeants, Inspectors and so on.

Special Superintendent Tim Wade said: "The Special Constabulary is a vital and valued asset. We have been, and continue to be, a particular strength to the frontline policing of our communities during this challenging time as we respond to COVID-19.

"As a Special Constable, you will receive first class training and support, along with the uniform and equipment needed to carry out the role. Our Specials come from a variety of backgrounds of all ages and you do not need to have a formal qualification to apply. It's a really exciting role and one which is certainly fulfilling.

"If you want to give back to the community and aren't afraid to challenge yourself, this may just be the role for you and we'd look forward to receiving your application."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Special Constables play a vital role in helping to tackle local priorities and it is a great way to give something back to your community. Our Specials not only support frontline roles but those with specialist skills also increase the Constabulary's capacity to tackle complex crimes such as cybercrime and domestic abuse.

"Much has been done to ensure the Special Constabulary are integrated within the existing police structure and that they receive the same training, protective uniform and perform the same role."

For more information, including how to apply, visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk.

Photo taken before social distancing measures.
