```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Today (Friday, May 17), Hertfordshire Constabulary is flying the rainbow flag at its headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, in recognition of the International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia (IDAHOBIT).
publish:
  date: 17 May 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary flies rainbow flag to support the LGBT+ community
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-flies-rainbow-flag-to-support-the-lgbt-community-0239all
```

* ### Today (Friday, May 17), Hertfordshire Constabulary is flying the rainbow flag in recognition of the International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia (IDAHOBIT).

 * ### This morning, officers and community partners came together to attend a service honoring IDAHOBIT.

 * ### Members of the LGBT+ community should never hesitate to contact police if they are the victim of an LGBT+ hate crime.

Today (Friday, May 17), Hertfordshire Constabulary is flying the rainbow flag at its headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, in recognition of the International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia (IDAHOBIT).

IDAHOBIT was created in 2004 to draw the attention of policy makers, opinion leaders, social movements, the public and the media to the violence and discrimination experienced by the LGBT+ community worldwide. IDAHOBIT is now celebrated in more than 130 countries every year on May 17.

This morning, officers and community partners came together to attend a service honoring IDAHOBIT. The event was organised by the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network, a support group that helps officers and staff on all LGBT+ matters, whether they are personal or operational.

Before raising the flag, Chief Constable Charlie Hall spoke about the importance of supporting the LGBT+ community and ensuring that the police do everything they can to make sure the county is a safe place for them to live and work.

Guests at today's service included representatives from the local LGBT+ community, as well as Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Hertfordshire County Council, and the Hertfordshire Football Association.

After the flag was raised, there was opportunity for the guests to meet and network. Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Constabulary's Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, thanked everyone for attending and stressed the importance of working together to tackle homophobia, biphobia and transphobia.

Clive Duffey from the Terrance Higgins Trust also spoke about the support and help that is available through the HIV and sexual health charity.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: "Raising the rainbow flag for IDAHOBIT has become a tradition every year for the Constabulary. There was a fantastic turnout today and I am looking forward to working further with our community partners to tackle LGBT+ hate crime.

"We are committed to helping the LGBT+ community stay safe and we have dedicated officers who help ensure that the community is heard. Our LGBT+ Liaison Officers are based all over the county and are specially trained to support the LGBT+ community.

"Being different is not a crime but being victimised because of it is. Please never hesitate to get in touch if you are the victim of an LGBT+ hate crime. We are here to support you and you will always be taken seriously."

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support visit.

**How to contact an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number **101** or by contacting us online. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via **999. ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

To contact an LGBT+ Officer in your local area for non-urgent advice ring **101** and ask to leave a message for them to contact you.
