```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have appeared at Stevenage Magistrates Court today (Wednesday 1 July), to be charged in relation to a serious road traffic collision, in which 19 people were injured. The incident took place in Stevenage on Thursday 18 July 2019, and occurred after a car cruise meeting which had been held in the town.
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2020
title: Two men charged in connection with Stevenage collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-men-charged-in-connection-with-Stevenage-collision-0289E
```

* ### Two men involved in a major collision have appeared at Stevenage Magistrates Court

 * ### The drivers were both charged with 19 offences relating to an incident after a cruise event in Stevenage last year

 * ### The case has been referred to St Albans Crown Court

Two men have appeared at Stevenage Magistrates Court today (Wednesday 1 July), to be charged in relation to a serious road traffic collision, in which 19 people were injured. The incident took place in Stevenage on Thursday 18 July 2019, and occurred after a car cruise meeting which had been held in the town.

Officers had been called to Monkswood Way at around 9.45pm, to reports that two cars, which had been driven at speed in the area, had collided and subsequently hit crowds which had gathered to watch.

Dominic Brown, aged 21 and from Park Street Lane, St Albans, and 21 year old Julian Castano-Perez from Fitzwalter Place, Dunmow in Essex, had been served summons to appear at Stevenage Magistrates Court today (Wednesday 1 July). There they were charged with 19 offences in connection with the collision.

Both drivers are charged with eight offences of serious injury by dangerous driving and 11 offences for wanton/furious driving.

The case has now been referred to St Albans Crown Court for a plea and direction hearing. The men are due to appear on 3 August.
