```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team executed a drugs warrant in Welwyn on Monday (6 July).
publish:
  date: 8 Jul 2020
title: Police execute drugs warrant in Welwyn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-execute-drugs-warrant-in-welwyn-0325
```

* ### An early morning raid was carried out at an address in Nodeway Gardens on Monday 6 July

 * ### This followed reports from the public about drug activity taking place

 * ### Anyone with information about suspected drugs dealing should contact police

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team executed a drugs warrant in Welwyn on Monday (6 July).

An early morning raid was carried out at an address in Nodeway Gardens following reports from the public about drug activity taking place.

A 34 year old man from Welwyn was reported to court on suspicion of possession of a controlled substance. He was also issued with a Community Protection Warning.

A quantity of suspected cannabis was seized for destruction.

PC Ross Freeman, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Drugs ruin lives and are often the catalyst for more serious crime. We simply will not tolerate this in Welwyn Hatfield.

"To any residents worried about drug activity, please be assured that we will continue to use all tactics available to us to identify and disrupt those involved.

"It's vitally important that you get in touch with us if you suspect drug dealing. We constantly work behind the scenes to gather information about those who may be involved in drug supply and when the public get in touch, we can build up a better picture of the problem and take action such as by carrying out warrants like these.

"You can contact us about suspected drug dealing by calling 101 or reporting it online at herts.police.uk/report. If the crime is in action, call 999 straight away."

You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
