```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Broxbourne on Christmas Eve.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-in-Broxbourne-1431
```

* ### Appeal after alleged assault in Broxbounre on Christmas Eve

 * ### It happened at the Bulls Head public house on the High Road

 * ### Did you witness the incident? Call 101 quoting K1/18/3287

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Broxbourne on Christmas Eve.

The incident happened at approximately 11.40pm at The Bull public house on the High Road.

The alleged assault occurred following an altercation between two customers. A man in his 20s received an injury to his head and was subsequently treated at Princess Alexandra Hospital for a laceration.

An 18 year old man from Wormley has been arrested on suspicion of assault and has been released whilst the investigation continues.

Detective Constable Elaine Adams, who is investigating, said: "Luckily the victim's injuries were not life threatening, however he was very shaken by the incident.

"I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened or that was in the premises on that date around the time stated to get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report quoting crime reference K1/17/3287.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
