```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hertfordshire Constabulary Special Sergeant, who recently became the second Special in the county to pass a quad bike driving course, has been putting the new skill to good use and tackling anti-social behaviour (ASB).
publish:
  date: 21 May 2020
title: Special Sergeant completes quad bike course to help tackle anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-sergeant-completes-quad-bike-course-to-help-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-0144b
```

* ## Special Sergeant Colin Allen recently became the second Special in the county to pass a quad bike driving course.

 * ## He has been putting the new skill to good use and tackling anti-social behaviour in the London Colney area.

 * ## If you're interested in becoming a Special Constable, please visit _hertspolicespecials.co.uk._

A Hertfordshire Constabulary Special Sergeant, who recently became the second Special in the county to pass a quad bike driving course, has been putting the new skill to good use and tackling anti-social behaviour (ASB).

A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers. Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer their spare time for a minimum of 16 hours a month. In return, they receive first class training, support and the uniform and equipment to carry out the role.

Special Sergeant Colin Allen, who has been volunteering for the Constabulary for six years, embarked on the training course in a bid to further support the rural community that he serves as part of the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) in Buntingford.

Quad bikes aid the police's ability to reach isolated areas which is particularly useful when searching for missing people. Carrying out patrols on a quad bike also helps to deter nuisance off-road bikers trespassing on private land.

The two day course, which results in a nationally recognised Lantra qualification, comprised both theory and practical work. Soon after completion, Sergeant Allen's skills were called upon by colleagues in London Colney.

Following a spate of nuisance off-road bikers riding on parkland in the London Colney area, local officers had planned a high visibility operation to tackle the ASB. Sergeant Allen took part in the operation, patrolling the hotspot areas on the quad bike.

Sergeant Allen, who also works as a Project Manager and Health and Safety Coordinator, said: "Although we did not come across any offences, residents can be assured that nowhere is off limits for our patrols and we will do all we can to tackle ASB and nuisance off-road bikers.

"The quad bike course was physically demanding but it was a great opportunity both professionally and personally. I love the work I do as a Special and I hope to continue supporting our rural communities for as long as I am able. I have received incredible mentoring from now retired Sergeant Duncan Wallace and this support and encouragement still continues under East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Chris Hunt."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Our Specials are indeed special and they often bring with them skills from their own professions that can be used to tackle crime when they are on duty, such as specialist computer knowledge.

"But volunteering as a Special can also give a lot back. They have the same uniform, equipment and powers as regular officers plus they can gain experience in a whole variety of fields.

"Anti-social behaviour is the issue raised most by the public, so I welcome any additional measures and tactics used by the Constabulary to tackle it."

You can find more information about Special Constables and the requirements of being one by visiting the FAQ on our website. If you're interested in becoming a Special Constable, please visit.

** **
