```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A prolific shoplifter from Watford has been issued with a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2017
title: Watford shoplifter issued with Criminal Behaviour Order
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watford-shoplifter-issued-with-criminal-behaviour-order-1205
```

* ### Prolific shoplifter issued with a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).

 * ### Watford-based Shahjahan Miah, 30, sentenced to 44 weeks imprisonment.

 * ### Miah must not enter Watford Town Centre and Waterfields retail park.

A prolific shoplifter from Watford has been issued with a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).

CBOs replace Anti-Social Behaviour Orders (ASBOs) and Drinking Banning Orders on conviction and are issued by a criminal court to tackle the most persistent anti-social individuals who are also engaged in criminal activity.

Shahjahan Miah, aged 30, from Flanders Court, St Albans Road, was convicted at St Albans Magistrates' Court on November 17 after pleading guilty to 11 counts of shoplifting from various stores in Watford Town Centre.

He was sentenced to 44 weeks imprisonment.

The CBO was subsequently applied for by the Community Safety Unit and successfully granted by the court.

As part of the two-year order Miah must not enter Watford Town Centre and Waterfields retail park. If he does not comply with the order, he could be sent to prison.

Community Safety Sergeant Luke Mitchell said: "Despite efforts to work with Mr Miah to steer him away from crime, his offending has continued and we have therefore sought this order. "We will do everything in our power to bring persistent offenders to justice and help provide some respite for businesses who fall victim to their behaviour. If you witness the order being breached please contact police straight away."

Shahjahan Miah
