```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: One person was arrested following a stop and search operation at Rye House railway station in Hoddesdon on Tuesday (17 September).
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: One person arrested following stop and search operation in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/one-person-arrested-following-stop-and-search-operation-in-hoddesdon-0793
```

* ### _Officers conducted a stop and search operation in Hoddesdon_

 * ### _The search was in conjunction with Operation Sceptre_

 * ### _One person was arrested_

One person was arrested following a stop and search operation at Rye House railway station in Hoddesdon on Tuesday (17 September).

This work was in conjunction with Operation Sceptre, which is the national knife amnesty running this week, and specifically targeted criminals who travel on the rail network.

Officers from the Broxbourne Operation Scorpion and the Safer Neighbourhood Teams worked with partners, including Parkguard, to conduct the proactive operation, which included a knife arch, between 1pm and 7pm.

Officers conducted ten stop searches, resulting in one arrest. A 43-year-old woman from Paddick Close, Hoddesdon, was arrested on suspicion of theft, and also of failing to appear in relation to one count of theft.

In addition, five people were dealt with for drugs related offences.

Further searches also led to 24 penalties being issued and 19 people being reported for ticket offences by rail company Greater Anglia.

PC Andy Crow, from the Broxbourne Operation Scorpion team, said: "We are pleased with the results from yesterday, and want to make it clear to anyone that we will use whatever powers we can to protect young people and make Broxbourne a safer place for all residents and visitors.

"We hope our presence sends a strong message to anyone who chooses to carry a weapon, and reassures the public that we will take action.

"The amnesty is part of our strategy to tackle serious violence and educate young people about the serious consequences of carrying a knife."

If you are concerned or have information about someone carrying knives, or are aware of anyone involved in knife crime you can report this by calling the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat here.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
