```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are urging construction workers to remain vigilant following a spate of thefts from building sites across East Herts.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2020
title: Thefts from construction sites in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thefts-from-construction-sites-in-east-herts-0441a
```

* ## There have been three incidents reported at construction sites since 11 July.

 * ## Tools and surveying equipment has been stolen.

 * ## Police are asking people to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity.

Police are urging construction workers to remain vigilant following a spate of thefts from building sites across East Herts.

Since 11 July there have been three incidents reported to police, two in Bishop's Stortford and one on the A602 near Watton at Stone.

Offenders have entered sites, cut holes in cargo containers and stolen items including tools and surveying equipment.

PC Scott Adamson said: "We're urging people to review their security and to take some simple steps to help keep sites more secure. Installing CCTV and alarms can be a good deterrent to would-be thieves and taking high value items home wherever possible is also encouraged.

"I'd also urge members of the public to keep an eye out for any signs of suspicious activity around construction sites. If you see things such as lights on at night or people taking photos of the area, please report it to police, making a note of any descriptions of people involved or vehicle registration numbers. We would rather attend to find that everything is in order than miss an opportunity to catch an offender in the act.

"You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress always dial 999.You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/herts-echo and tell us your thoughts.
