```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Croxley Green have released E-fit images of two people they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2018
title: E-fit images released following burglary in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/e-fit-images-released-following-burglary-in-croxley-green-0573c
```

* ### The incident occurred at an address in The Green.

 * ### The victims were doing some gardening when offenders entered the property.

 * ### They left the scene in a waiting vehicle, heading in the direction of Sarratt.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Croxley Green have released E-fit images of two people they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

The incident occurred at an address in The Green, at around 3.30pm on July 17.

Two people entered the address through a door which had been left open while the victims were doing some gardening.

One of the victims went into the house and found the offenders searching the main bedroom. He confronted them and they ran off towards a small, brown/beige coloured vehicle which was waiting outside The Artichoke public house.

The vehicle was then driven off in the direction of Sarratt.

The first suspect is described as a white male, aged between 15 and 17 years old, of thin build and around 5ft 6in tall. He had dark hair and was wearing a baseball cap, a white T-shirt and dark coloured trousers.

The second suspect is described as a white man, aged in his mid-50s, of slim build, around 5ft 8in tall, with greying hair and a red face. He was wearing jeans and a white shirt with a blue checked pattern on it. He spoke with an Irish accent.

Detective Constable Nicky Stewart, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit said: "Thankfully nothing was taken during the incident but the victims have been left shaken by what happened.

"I am appealing for anyone who may be able to identify the people pictured to please come forward. Did you also see the vehicle in the area around the time stated?"

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Stewart via email, or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference41/18555/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

E-fit image
