```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following collision in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-hemel-hempstead-1999
```

* ### Did you witness a collision in Hemel Hempstead that involved three vehicles?

 * ### It happened on Bennetts End Road, at the junction with Alldicks Road, at 8.45pm on Thursday, October 25

 * ### If you have any information that could assist police, please call 101 quoting ISR 776 of October 25

Officers investigating a collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Bennetts End Road, near to Alldicks Road, at around 8.45pm on Thursday, October 25.

For reasons unknown, a white Nissan Kubistar van was in collision with a silver Volkswagen Passat before then colliding with a grey Ford Focus.

The driver of the Nissan, a man in his 20s, was taken to Watford General Hospital with serious injuries. He is in a stable condition.

The driver of the Volkswagen, a man, suffered facial injuries and the driver of the Ford Focus, a man in his 40s, suffered an injury to his knee.

PC Oliver White, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "The collision happened in a residential area so there will have likely been a number of people in the area at the time who may have seen or heard what happened.

"I have already made a number of enquiries in order to determine the circumstances around the collision and these remain ongoing, but if you have any information that you believe could assist my investigation, then please make contact."

You can contact PC White by emailing oliver.white@herts.pnn.police.uk _, calling the_ non-emergency number 101, or reporting information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting ISR 776 of October 25.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
