```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people were arrested and a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized after two warrants were executed in Mill End.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2020
title: Four arrested and drugs seized after warrants in Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrested-and-drugs-seized-after-warrants-in-three-rivers-0071c
```

* ## Four people were arrested during two warrants in Mill End yesterday morning (29 April).

 * ## Officers from the Operation Scorpion team entered properties in Swannells Walk and Basing Road.

 * ## A large quantity of suspected class A and B drugs were seized from the Basing Road property.

Four people were arrested and a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized after two warrants were executed in Mill End.

Officers from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team, supported by colleagues from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, entered properties in Swannells Walk and Basing Road under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 just after 4.50am yesterday (Wednesday 29 April).

A 48 year old woman and a 44 year old man, both from Mill End, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

A 19 year old man from Mill End was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, and possession of class B drugs.

A 16 year old girl from Croxley Green was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

All four have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A large amount of class A drugs (crack cocaine) and a smaller amount of class B drugs (cannabis) were seized from the Basing Road property, along with other drugs paraphernalia. A small amount of Class B drugs (cannabis) was seized from the Swannells Walk address.

PC Ben Saunders, who led the warrant, said: "Through our proactive operation we have forced entry to two addresses of interest and as a result, have prevented a large amount of crack cocaine from reaching the streets.

"I hope our actions serve as a warning to those who are involved in the supply of illegal drugs that it is still very much business as usual for us at this time, despite the pandemic. We will continue to act on intelligence and will not hesitate to take appropriate action where necessary.

"Drugs can often be the pre-cursor to more violent crime and the neighbours of those involved in drug crime can suffer the effects of associated anti-social behaviour. Let us be clear: no one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour in their community. I would urge the public to keep reporting information to us. We are still here, and we are listening."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what you think the police in your area should be prioritising by using our online feedback platform, echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
