```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged grievous bodily harm (GBH) assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2018
title: "Appeal for witnesses following alleged grievous bodily harm \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-alleged-grievous-bodily-harm-welwyn-garden-city-2261
```

* ### Did you witness an assault outside the Two Willows pub in Howardsgate, Welwyn Garden City?

 * ### It happened just before 3.15am on Saturday, December 15

 * ### If you have information that could help police, please call 101 quoting 41/66110/18

Officers investigating an alleged grievous bodily harm (GBH) assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened outside the Two Willows pub in Howardsgate just before 3.15am on Saturday, December 15.

It was reported that two men were involved in a physical altercation which resulted in the victim, a 19 year old man, sustaining injuries.

His injuries were initially recorded as a lump to the back of his head and a small cut. However since undergoing further medical treatment, it has been discovered that the victim has suffered a bleed on the brain. He remains in hospital at this time.

Detective Sergeant Dean Trollope, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "This crime was initially recorded as Actual Bodily Harm but has since been re-recorded as grievous bodily harm as the victim's injuries are more serious that initially thought following further medical assessment.

"We are in contact with the victim and his family and are keeping them updated as the case progresses.

"We believe that the incident has been discussed on social media and a number of witnesses have commented on these posts. We would encourage those who have commented and not yet made contact with police to please get in touch as soon as possible. You may have information that is vital to our investigation."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Trollope on _dean.trollope@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/66110/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 20-year-old man from Stevenage was originally arrested on suspicion of ABH in connection with this incident, but has been further arrested on suspicion of GBH. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
