```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision near Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following collision near Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-near-watford-1206
```

* ### A black BMW 5 Series was involved in a collision in Watford.

 * ### The incident happened on the M1 Southbound, near Junction 6a, at around 1.40am on Sunday 8 December.

 * ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses, and are hoping to identify a woman who was driving a white car and stopped to offer assistance to the driver of the BMW.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision near Watford.

On Sunday 8 December, at around 1.40am, a car was involved in a single vehicle collision on the M1 southbound, just before Junction 6a. The vehicle involved was a black BMW 5 Series.

PC Emma Alston, who is investigating the case, said: "We are appealing for witnesses as this is a very busy stretch of road. If you were driving in the area at the time, and witnessed the collision or drove past the scene after it happened, please get in contact. Alternatively, if you were driving near Junction 6a around the time specified and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage and send us anything that you think could be of use.

"We also believe that one witness in particular, a woman who was driving a white car who stopped to help one of the motorists, could have key information which could assist our investigation. If you were that motorist, or you know who she is, please get in touch with us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Alston directly via email at emma.alston@herts.pnn.police.uk .

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 87 of 8 December. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
