```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With knife crime currently dominating the headlines, a timely opportunity has arisen for Hertsmere parents and the wider community to learn how to spot the signs of young people becoming involved in crime or anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2018
title: Hertsmere parents can learn the signs their child may be involved in crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertsmere-parents-can-learn-the-signs-their-child-may-be-involved-in-crime-J
```

With knife crime currently dominating the headlines, a timely opportunity has arisen for Hertsmere parents and the wider community to learn how to spot the signs of young people becoming involved in crime or anti-social behaviour.

Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership is working with Meryfield and Summerswood Primary Schools and Hertswood Academy to host an information evening for parents, carers and the wider community at Meryfield Primary School in Theobald Street, Borehamwood on Wednesday, 28 November, starting at 6pm.

During the evening, guests will be able to hear speakers from the St Giles Trust, a charity that helps the most disadvantaged and Alison Cope, the mother of Joshua Ribeira, who was murdered in 2013. Alison is campaigning to make young people aware of the consequences of youth violence.

Topics that will be discussed include knife crime, gangs, social media and making positive choices, along with 'county lines,' the term used to describe criminal networks exploiting children to sell drugs.

Loran Kingston, Community Safety Intervention Officer, said: "Worrying about young people's safety has become a familiar anxiety for many in recent times with modern technology making it more difficult to keep track of their activities online and the friendships they are making.

"This information evening will raise awareness amongst the community on how to spot the signs and where to seek help.

"I would encourage anyone to attend as the advice provided could help them to save a young person's life."

Refreshments, including sandwiches and cakes will be provided at 5pm, before the start of the event.

There will also be a free raffle on the night for the chance to win two tickets for the Arsenal game on 8 December.

Places are limited so book early to avoid disappointment: phone 020 8207 7801 or email loran.kingston@hertsmere.gov.uk.

** **
