```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following multiple reports of a burglary in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-burglary-in-hitchin-0728
```

* ### Appeal following burglary in Hitchin

 * ### Incident occurred at around 7.30pm on Saturday 3 October

 * ### Please contact us if you know anything

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following multiple reports of a burglary in Hitchin.

On Saturday 3 October, at around 7.30pm, a property in Ninesprings Way was broken into.

The offender(s) conducted an untidy search of two rooms, and stole a silver box which is believed to contain jewellery.

Detective Constable Michael Hardiman, who is investigating, said: "The offender(s) have targeted an elderly, vulnerable woman and left her in a position where she now feels unsafe in her own home. As well as stealing her possessions, they also caused extensive damage to the front of the house in order to gain access to the property.

"We have already conducted extensive enquiries, and are now asking the public for their help. We have released this CCTV footage in the hopes that someone may recognise these men. If you do, please get in contact with me as soon as possible. We also believe that the silver box may have been discarded somewhere nearby - if you have seen it, or have any information at all that could assist with our enquiries, please let us know."

Anyone with information can contact DC Hardiman directly via email at michael.hardiman@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/79618/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
