```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following two thefts from vehicles in Sawbridgeworth.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following thefts from vehicles in Sawbridgeworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-thefts-from-vehicles-in-sawbridgeworth-0581A
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information following two separate incidents of thefts from vehicles in Sawbridgeworth.

 * ### The first happened at around 2.30am on Monday, July 16 in Church Walk.

 * ### The other happened at around 3am on Saturday, June 23 in Kingsmead.

 * ### The incidents are not being linked.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Suzanne Morris or PC Tom Leask.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following two thefts from vehicles in Sawbridgeworth.

At around 2.30am on Monday 16 July, offender(s) broke into a BMW Grand Tourer in Church Walk and a small amount of coins were taken from inside.

PCSO Suzanne Morris said: "I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and might have seen what happened to get in touch with me. I would also like to hear from anyone else who might have information about the theft.

"If you can help, please contact me on the non-emergency number 101 or email, quoting crime reference 41/18131/18."

At around 3am on Saturday 23 June, offender(s) broke into a vehicle in Kingsmead and took the vehicle's service records book from the glove box.

The incidents are not thought to be linked.

PC Tom Leask said: "Were you in the Kingsmead area around the time this theft happened? Did you see anything suspicious?

"If you saw anything or have any information, please get in touch. Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be significant to the investigation.

"If you can help please contact me on the non-emergency number 101 or email, quoting crime reference 41/10294/18."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help motorists to protect their vehicles:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.

As well as contacting the investigating officers directly, you can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
