```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police worked with Trading Standards to carry out a warrant at an address in St Albans where a significant amount of tobacco was seized.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2018
title: Tobacco seized during warrant in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tobacco-seized-during-warrant-in-stalbans-0584F
```

* ### Police worked with Trading Standards to carry out a warrant at an address in St Albans.

 * ### A significant amount of tobacco was seized.

 * ### There is an on-going investigation into the male occupant of the property.

Police worked with Trading Standards to carry out a warrant at an address in St Albans where a significant amount of tobacco was seized.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Scorpion Team and Safer Neighbourhood Team officers entered the address in St Peters Ward last Wednesday (July 25) under a Section 23 search warrant with Trading Standards officials.

St Albans Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Paul Caro said: "A significant amount of tobacco was recovered from the address, which we believe was being supplied to local young people.

"We also recovered suspected stolen items from inside, which we're linking to thefts from motor vehicles in the St Albans district and there is an on-going investigation into the male occupant of the property.

"We were working in partnership with Trading Standards following information from the local community about suspected criminal activity that was taking place at the address.

"This demonstrates the positive police action that we can take when residents act as our eyes and ears on the ground and report suspicious activity. We are dedicated to tackling crime and anti-social behaviour through proactive work with our partners. If you see anything suspicious in your neighbourhood or you believe crimes are taking place please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously you can call Crimestoppers 0800 555 111.

If a crime is in progress please call 999 so that we can get officers to the location as quickly as possible."

Councillor Terry Hone, Cabinet Member for Community Protection, said: "People who sell tobacco illegally are not concerned about who buys it, or what it could potentially contain

"This kind of operation also undermines legitimate businesses.

"We will continue to work with the police and other partners to ensure that the public are kept safe from this sort of illegal activity."

The Scorpion Team deals with burglars, robbers and those involved in drug and vehicle-related crime.

Consider joining Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link where you will receive emails about local crime in your area.

Tobacco seized
