```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "As lockdown restrictions continue to ease over the coming weeks, Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding people to stay vigilant when considering meeting up with people they\u2019ve been talking to online."
publish:
  date: 23 Jun 2020
title: Online dating after lockdown
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/online-dating-after-lockdown-0239
```

* ### The Constabulary is asking people to remain vigilant when meeting up with people they've been talking to online.

 * ### It is also urging people who may have been assaulted during lockdown to report it to police.

 * ### Advice is available on our website.

As lockdown restrictions continue to ease over the coming weeks, Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding people to stay vigilant when considering meeting up with people they've been talking to online.

The force is also reaching out to those who may have become victims during lockdown but are scared to speak out, for fear of reprisals around breaching social distancing measures.

Inspector Nicola Dean, from the Constabulary's Crime Reduction and Community Safety unit, said: "We would never discourage anyone from using these apps and sites as they can be a great way to meet new people in the digital age. However, it is important to remain vigilant as we know that, unfortunately, these platforms can be used by those who have unscrupulous intentions.

"Before lockdown was implemented, the Constabulary had seen a rise in reports of sexual assaults involving people who had met on popular online dating sites, including both male and female victims.

"Meeting and chatting with someone online, sharing intimate feelings and hopes can make you believe you know someone well. All of this can happen in a very compressed period of time, which can foster a false sense of security before you meet in person, especially during what has been a difficult and unprecedented time over the past couple of months.

"With this in mind, and as lockdown restrictions start to ease, we would encourage people to take some simple precautions to help people keep themselves safer while online dating."

Advice includes:

• Never give out personal information, such as your address or place of work, on your online profile.

• Stop communicating with anyone who makes you feel uncomfortable and contact the dating provider to help protect others.

• Always meet in a public place for the first time and arrange your own transport to and from the date.

• Make sure you tell a friend, colleague or family member where you are going and update them regularly to let them know you're ok.

• Do not leave drinks or personal belongings unattended during a date.

• Familiarise yourself with the Ask For Angela scheme, which encourages people to discreetly seek assistance from bar staff if they feel uncomfortable or unsafe during a date, and suggest meeting in a location which promotes the scheme.

• Remember that sex without consent is rape.

Detective Inspector John Harlock, from the Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team said: "We aware of instances where people have become victims of sexual offences after meeting up with someone they've spoken to online during lockdown, but are too worried to report it to police, for fear of reprisals around breaching the restrictions. Please be assured that this is not the case; we do not want anyone to suffer in silence. We have specialist officers on hand to offer advice and support so please do not hesitate to contact us."

Details of how you can report sexual assault are available here.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Further advice and information about online dating safety is available here.
