```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A fourth person has been arrested in connection with a murder in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2018
title: "Man arrested on suspicion of murder \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder\u2013Hemel-Hempstead-1795"
```

* ### Police have now arrested a man on suspicion of murder.

 * ### The 27 year old from Luton is currently in police custody.

 * ### Three other people who were arrested in connection with the murder appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today where they were remanded in custody.

 * ### The victim's family are being supported by specialist officers from the Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire Major Crime Unit.

A fourth person has been arrested in connection with a murder in Hemel Hempstead.

A 27 year old man from Luton was arrested today (Thursday, March 15) by officers on suspicion of murder. He remains in police custody at this time.

Another three people, who were arrested in connection with the murder, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today. They are:

 * Karen Payne, aged 37, of Saturn Way, Hemel Hempstead, who is charged with perverting the course of justice.
 * Emma Payne, aged 40, of Eight Acres, Tring, who is charged with assisting an offender.
 * Matthew Eyles, aged 43, of no fixed address, who is charged with assisting an offender.

They have been remanded in custody and are due to appear at Luton Crown Court on April 16.

Police were called at 2.21am on Tuesday (March 13) to Saturn Way following reports of a stabbing.

The victim - 24 year old David Molloy - was treated by paramedics but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His family are currently being supported by specialist officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 25 of March 13.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
