```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an affray in Ware are appealing for witnesses to the incident to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2019
title: Did you witness disturbance in Ware?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-disturbance-in-ware-0430a
```

* ### The incident occurred on 19 June.

 * ### A group of people were involved in an altercation near the Saracens Head pub.

 * ### Officers are asking witnesses to come forward.

Police investigating an affray in Ware are appealing for witnesses to the incident to get in touch.

At around 9.45pm on Wednesday, 19 June an altercation occurred between a group of people on the bridge near the Saracens Head pub, before continuing into Amwell End.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Michael Clark said: "At this moment in time no one has come forward to report any injuries but we are keen to trace those involved in the incident, especially as there has been suggestion that weapons may have been used. If you saw what happened, or have any information, please get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact Sergeant Michael Clark via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/56007/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
