```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify a woman who has been involved in a serious road traffic collision near Royston."
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2020
title: Appeal to identify woman following serious collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-identify-woman-following-serious-collision-0921
```

Police are appealing for the public's help to identify a woman who has been involved in a serious road traffic collision near Royston.

Just before 4am this morning (Friday 27 November), the woman, believed to be aged in her 60s, was walking along the A10 near Reed towards Buntingford when she was involved in a collision with a van.

Sergeant Simon Cooper from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "At this stage we have not been able to identify this lady. We believe she was walking her brown coloured dog, which is possibly called Holly, at the time of the collision. We are also working with the help of the fire service and a drone to locate the pet.

"At this stage no-one has come forward to say they are missing a loved one so we suspect she may live alone. I am appealing for anyone who may have vulnerable relatives living in this area to please check on them.

He added: "Our priority at this stage is to inform the woman's family that she has been involved in a serious collision."

Anyone with information that could help is asked to contact the Force Communications Room on 101, quoting ISR 48 of 27 November.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
