```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of a man who passed away after he suffered a heart attack in the street have donated two mobile defibrillators to Three Rivers\u2019 Police in his memory."
publish:
  date: 24 Feb 2020
title: "Family donates defibrillators in memory of husband and father \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-donates-defibrillators-in-memory-of-husband-and-father-three-rivers-1448c
```

* ## The family of Robert Ridley, who passed away from a heart attack last year, have donated two new defibrillators to Three Rivers Police.

 * ## His wife, son and daughter presented the equipment to officers at Rickmansworth police station on Friday 21 February.

 * ## The purchased the defibrillators using kind donations from Robert's generous friends and family.

The family of a man who passed away after he suffered a heart attack in the street have donated two mobile defibrillators to Three Rivers' Police in his memory.

Robert Ridley had a sudden heart attack while walking along New Road in Croxley Green on the evening of Thursday 21 February 2019.

Members of the public went to his aid and immediately called emergency services.

Four police officers from Three Rivers' Intervention and Response Team* 4 were first on the scene, bringing with them an Automated External Defibrillator, and began to use the machine to give Robert CPR until paramedics arrived.

The 61 year old was taken to Watford General Hospital but despite doctors' best efforts he sadly passed away.

On Friday (21 February 2020), his wife Jan, son Chaz and daughter Laura visited Rickmansworth Police Station to present officers with the two new defibrillators.

Chief Inspector David Partridge, Head of Operations for the Local Policing Command, and Inspector Jinesh Solankee were joined by Sergeant Gary Cranfield, PC Nia Hadley, PC Matt Perrin and PC Jake Barnard, the latter four of whom attended to Robert on the night.

The team gratefully received the two new potentially life-saving AEDs, which will become part of the response equipment kit used by all four of the Three Rivers Police Intervention and Response teams.

Father of two Robert lived in Croxley Green for 37 years after growing up in North-West London, and had worked as a well-respected hairdresser in Ruislip and Middlesex for over forty years.

His family made the decision that they would like to donate an AED to the Three Rivers Police force, in a bid that another family would not experience the same pain from losing a loved one.

At Robert's funeral people were invited to make donations towards the cost of a new defibrillator to honour his memory.

Laura said: "We are so grateful to the officers who came to Dad's aid that night. They attended quickly and tried their best to save him using the defibrillator stored in the police car.

"Afterwards we found out that the AED they used was the only one available to the local police in Three Rivers."

Robert's family continued: "We didn't want another family to lose their loved one just because a defibrillator wasn't available, so we made the decision to ask family and friends for donations towards the cost of a new AED for Three Rivers Police.

"We were amazed by people's generosity, which has enabled us to buy a total of four defibrillators. We are donating two to Three Rivers Police, and previously donated another to Watford Rugby Club in November 2019. The fourth AED will be placed in Ruislip High Street, to support the community where Robert worked.

"Robert was a well loved and respected character and this is evident in people's generosity. He was generous with his time and strived to improve the communities he was part of. We like to think that these machines are his legacy - he is still helping people now, even though he is no longer here with us.

"We would urge anyone who witnesses someone suffering a heart attack or going into cardiac arrest to contact ambulance and police by dialling 999 and ask for a defibrillator. Your actions could save someone's life."

Inspector Jinesh Solankee, leads the Three Rivers' Intervention and Response Team 5 and also co-ordinates the maintenance of all defibrillators across the force.

He said: "We are very grateful to the friends and family of Robert Ridley for donating these two potentially-life saving pieces of equipment to us. Their kindness and generosity means that we can help protect even more people in our community, and we think it's a wonderful way to honour Robert's memory."

Anyone who is considering donating a defibrillator to the force should contact Inspector Solankee in the first instance.

Statistics from the Resuscitation Council UK state that when someone has a cardiac arrest, their chances of survival reduces between 7% and 10% for every minute that passes without CPR and defibrillation.

AEDs are known to drastically boost survival rates of out-of-hospital cardiac arrests, and defibrillation within three to five minutes of collapse can result in survival rates as high as 50% to 70%.

You don't need to have prior training to use a defibrillator, as the instructions are on the equipment itself. The British Heart Foundation has previously published six steps on how to use a defibrillator, which can be found here.

*The intervention policing team are officers who respond to 999 emergency calls.

Robert Ridley
