```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are issuing advice to boat owners following a spate of burglaries and thefts along the waterways in East Herts and Broxbourne.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2019
title: Advice to boat owners following spate of burglaries
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-to-boat-owners-following-spate-of-burglaries-1040ak
```

* ## Boats gave been targeted in East Herts and Broxbourne.

 * ## Police are working with the Canal and River Trust to tackle the issue.

 * ## Boat owners are advised to review their security.

Police are issuing advice to boat owners following a spate of burglaries and thefts along the waterways in East Herts and Broxbourne.

In the past week, two burglaries have been discovered in Ware and a 23-foot barge was stolen from Stanstead Abbotts. It was later recovered in Ponders End.

Sergeant Tom Prior, from the Ware Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are aware that there are currently issues along the river and I would like to reassure boat owners that we are taking this seriously.

"We are working with the Canal and River Trust and other agencies, to implement long-term solutions to the problem. We'll also be launching 'Canal Watch' via our community messaging system, OWL, which will allow people to receive alerts and advice.

"However, we also need the public to assist us and would ask anyone who witnesses suspicious activity around boats to please contact police straightaway."

He added: "I'd like to take this opportunity to advise boat owners to review their security. There are a few simple steps you can take to help keep your property more secure. Consider fitting window guards and bars across entrance doors, as well as upgrading all locks to the best quality available. Secure hatches and doors with heavy duty internal hasps and also consider fitting a CCTV system and security lighting. Additionally, don't leave valuable items on the roof and chain up any bicycles."

If you have any information about who may be involved in this type of crime, please email

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

 * A man has been arrested in connection with the theft of a boat from Stanstead Abbotts. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
