```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team would like to remind residents about the law around e-scooters following their increased use in Hatfield Town Centre.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2021
title: Advice to Hatfield residents about e-scooters
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-to-hatfield-residents-about-e-scooters-1372
```

* ### Members of the public are encouraged to familiarise themselves with the law around e-scooters

 * ### Officers have been received complaints about e-scooter use in Hatfield Town Centre

 * ### It is against the law to ride an e-scooter on a public road or pavement

 * ### The only place you can ride one is on private land so long as you have the landowner's permission

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team would like to remind residents about the law around e-scooters following their increased use in Hatfield Town Centre.

Officers have been receiving a number of complaints about people using e-scooters and the team has been on patrol in relation to the matter, handing out leaflets to advise around their use.

PCSO Deborah Akers said: "Although the government is reviewing the legislation, at this current time it is against the law to ride an e-scooter on a public road or pavement. The only place you can ride one is on private land so long as you have the landowner's permission. This means riding them through Hatfield Town Centre is illegal.

"E-scooters are classified as Personal Light Electric Vehicles and as such they are treated as motor vehicles and subject to the same legal requirements. Many e-scooters have a maximum speed of 15.5mph and some are able to exceed this, which can be dangerous for the rider and pedestrians if they are involved in a collision.

"If we see you riding an e-scooter through Hatfield Town Centre or any other public road, we will make sure you understand the law around it and we will ask you to take the scooter home. However, please be warned you may well be penalised depending on the nature and gravity of the offence.

"We know these scooters are increasing in popularity and we appreciate that many people do use them sensibly. However, please make sure you are familiar with the law around them. Across the county, we are finding that otherwise law-abiding citizens are inadvertently breaking the law by riding them in places they shouldn't be. Don't get caught out.

"It's very simple; if you are riding one on a public road or pavement you are breaking the law and appropriate action will be taken."

You can report information online (opens in a new window) or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat (opens in a new window) or call the non-emergency number 101.

If the crime is in progress call 999 straight away.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in a new window).
