```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Friday, March 15) been sentenced to 10 years and four months in prison for non-recent sexual assaults against a child.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2019
title: Man sentenced for non-recent sexual assaults against a child
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-non-recent-sexual-assaults-against-a-child-2749
```

* ### Raymond Wheeler, aged 61, of London Road, Leigh On Sea, Essex, pleaded guilty to a number of historic sexual assaults against a child

 * ### The charges relate to a period between 1974 and 1976, when he was working as a football coach between the ages of 19 and 21

 * ### Wheeler has been sentenced to more than 10 years after the victim bravely came forward

A man has today (Friday, March 15) been sentenced to 10 years and four months in prison for non-recent sexual assaults against a child.

Raymond Wheeler, aged 61, of London Road, Leigh On Sea, Essex, appeared at Luton Crown Court, charged with three counts of indecent sexual assault on a boy and on at least 10 occasions, inciting a boy to commit an act of gross indecency.

The offences, which Wheeler pleaded guilty to on February 11, happened in Bishop's Stortford between 1976 and 1978. The victim, now aged 54, was aged between 12 and 14 years old at the time.

The court heard how Wheeler, who was aged 19 to 21 at the time of the offences, befriended the victim when he worked as a football coach for the child's club. Wheeler would visit the victim at his home to talk about football and he then arranged for the child to visit his own home which is where the abuse began.

Wheeler also gave the victim and team-mates lifts in his vehicle, dropping off the victim last. The victim described how he had felt safe at these times, having been the victim of bullying.

As well as the custodial sentence, Wheeler will be placed on the sex offenders register for life.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Clare Seal said: "Wheeler used his position of trust to abuse and exploit a young boy for his own disturbing sexual gratification.

"Wheeler's victim has shown immense bravery in coming forward and reporting the abuse to us and I would like to commend him for that.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to tackling all allegations of sexual abuse against children. I hope today's sentence gives the victim some form of closure so that he can now move forward with his life.

"We understand that victims of a sexual offence may not want to speak to the police in the first instance.

"Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact the Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

"To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org.

"This service is open to everyone - men, women and young people, no matter how long ago the abuse occurred."
