```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are reminding people to remain vigilant when using internet selling sites following three reported incidents in Hemel Hempstead over the past week.
publish:
  date: 24 May 2018
title: Police reminder to remain vigilant when using selling sites
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-reminder-to-remain-vigilant-when-using-selling-sites-0264D
```

* ### Three sellers have been victims of theft in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### Mobile phones were stolen on each occasion.

 * ### Officers are advising people to meet potential buyers in a public place.

Police are reminding people to remain vigilant when using internet selling sites following three reported incidents in Hemel Hempstead over the past week.

On each occasion, the victims were contacted by a buyer on Gumtree to purchase a mobile phone. The buyer then arranged to meet the victim in a private place to complete the sale. When the seller handed over the phone, the buyer ran off without paying.

The buyer's Gumtree profiles were found to have no username details so they could not be traced.

It is currently believed that the incidents are linked.

PCSO Alex Mason, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Whilst we would not want to discourage people from using well-known selling sites we would always urge people to exercise caution when doing so, especially in circumstances where payment has not been made in advance.

"Make sure you look at the buyer's profile to check their history and that they have genuine details. If you are arranging to meet someone to sell an item, always meet in a public place, preferably covered by CCTV, and take a friend with you if possible.

"If you have any suspicions or concerns about the person you are dealing with, walk away."
