```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage where a BMW was stolen are releasing images of the vehicle.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2018
title: Have you seen stolen BMW?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-you-seen-stolen-BMW
```

* ### Have you seen distinctive BMW stolen from the Old Town in Stevenage?

 * ### It happened between midnight and 5.15am on Thursday, February 15

 * ### If you have seen it, please call 101 quoting crime reference E1/18/1274

Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage where a BMW was stolen are releasing images of the vehicle.

Between midnight and 5.15am yesterday (Thursday, February 15) offender(s) gained access to a home in the Old Town area and once inside took the keys to a BMW M4. They then left in the BMW, driving off in an unknown direction. It has since been tracked to Romford in Essex.

Detective Constable Karen Dewar, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "This BMW is very rare. There are only two others like it in the country. It is 'Laguna Seca' blue in colour and has a white leather interior.

"I'm appealing for anyone who has seen this vehicle or believes they have information that could assist our investigation to get in touch by emailing me on karen.dewar@herts.pnn.police.uk, or by calling Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency 101, quoting crime reference E1/18/1274 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"If you'd rather provide information anonymously contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
