```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested and drugs were seized after officers executed two warrants in Oxhey Hall yesterday morning (Thursday 8 August).
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2019
title: Officers execute two warrants in Oxhey Hall
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-executed-two-warrants-in-oxhey-hall-0614
```

* ### A man was arrested and drugs were seized after two warrants were executed in Oxhey Hall

 * ### The addresses were in Russell Way and Silk Mill Road

 * ### A quantity of suspected class A and B drugs was seized as well as a quantity of cash, drugs paraphernalia, mobile phones and clothes.

A man was arrested and drugs were seized after officers executed two warrants in Oxhey Hall yesterday morning (Thursday 8 August).

Officers from the Operational Support Group*(OSG) and the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion* team, supported by colleagues from the Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Team, forced entry to two properties just before 11am. One was in Russell Way and the other was in nearby Brookside Road.

The 22 year old from Oxhey Hall was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers searched the addresses with the help of drugs dog PD Billy from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit. A quantity of suspected class A and B drugs was seized as well as a quantity of cash, drugs paraphernalia, mobile phones and clothes.

PC Marcus Zost, from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team, said: "Together with our colleagues in OSG, we took this proactive step after building an intelligence picture to suggest that there was drug activity occurring at both addresses.

"We know drugs can have a hugely damaging effect on local communities as they often go hand in hand with anti-social behaviour, which can make residents' lives a misery.

"Drug dealing, even if it is considered 'low level', often occurs prior to more violent and acquisitive crime. If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please report it to us so we can build an intelligence picture that enables us to take the appropriate steps to tackle it. We will listen.

"Yesterday's action is just one example of the wider work we are doing to crack down on drugs supply in Three Rivers. We want to reassure residents that even if they don't see us, we are often utilising covert methods to track down those who cause most harm to our communities."

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here: _www.herts.police.uk/contact_

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

*Operational Support Group officers tackle volume priority and organised criminality, through the use of a full range of overt and covert tactics.

*Operation Scorpion officers make Hertfordshire a more hostile place for criminals to operate through focused and intelligence led proactivity, as well as promoting and deploying the most effective crime prevention measures.
