```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV photos of two men who might be able to help with their investigation following bikes thefts in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 19 Sep 2019
title: CCTV appeal following bike thefts in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-bike-thefts-in-hatfield-0791b
```

Officers have released CCTV photos of two men who might be able to help with their investigation following bikes thefts in Hatfield.

Between Sunday 1 September and Tuesday 3 September, four bikes were stolen from the bike rack in Asda, Town Centre:

 * A silver and black Shimono mountain bike was taken between 1.17pm and 2.17pm on Sunday 1 September (crime reference 41/79318/19)
 * A black Trek AF2 bike was taken between 6am and 7.30pm on Sunday 1 September (crime reference 41/79668/19)
 * A green and black bike was taken between 11.30am and 12.30pm on Tuesday 3 September (crime reference 41/79889/19)
 * A bike was taken at around 4.45pm on Tuesday 3 September (crime reference 41/80197/19)

PC Lee Rowson, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We believe that the man in the blue top was in the area around the time that the Shimono mountain bike was taken.

"We also believe that the man with the Nike rucksack was present in the area around the time that the green and black bike was taken.

"Speaking to these men would be very helpful as they could have information that will progress our investigation.

"If you recognise them or have information about the bike thefts, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _lee.rowson@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , quoting the relevant crime reference number."

Hertfordshire Constabulary recommends the following tips to help deter opportunist thieves from stealing your bike:

 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen or contact your local cycle shop, as most will mark them for a small cost. You can contact us for advice on other property marking initiatives available.
 * Register your bike on www.immobilise.com, a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.
 * Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into the newsagents.
 * The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.
 * Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
