```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2019
title: Appeal following an assault in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-assault-in-potters-bar-2491
```

* ### Did you witness assault in the car park of the Cask and Stillage pub in Potters Bar?

 * ### It happened at 9.15pm on Saturday, February 2

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting crime reference 41/10820/19

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Potters Bar.

It happened in the car park of the Cask and Stillage pub on the High Street at 9.15pm yesterday evening (February 2).

The victim, a 15 year old boy, was walking along the pavement with friends when a car pulled up alongside them.

Two people exited the vehicle before one used an unknown implement to assault him, causing a small wound to his arm.

The offenders then got back into the vehicle and drove away.

The victim was taken to hospital for treatment, but his injuries are not considered life-changing or threatening and he is currently stable.

Detective Constable Stuart Keene, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "I want to clarify that this is an isolated incident and is not related to the pub in any way. I would like to speak to anyone who was in the vicinity of the pub last night and may have seen or heard the incident. Did you witness anyone leaving the scene? Any information, even seemingly insignificant, could prove hugely helpful to our investigation."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Keene on _stuart.keene@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting crime reference 41/10820/19. You can also call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
