```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Seven people were arrested and three warrants were executed during a fortnight of action against gang activity and the supply of drugs in Watford.
publish:
  date: 8 Jul 2019
title: Arrests and charges following fortnight of action in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-and-charges-following-fortnight-of-action-in-watford-0457c
```

* ### Seven people were arrested and one charged after a targeted operation to tackle drug and gang activity in Watford.

 * ### Drugs and an imitation firearm were seized after officers searched addresses and vehicles.

 * ### Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "If you are involved in criminality, we will catch up with you."

Seven people were arrested and three warrants were executed during a fortnight of action against gang activity and the supply of drugs in Watford.

Three simultaneous warrants were executed by the Operational Support Group, supported by Safer Neighbourhood Team officers, in separate locations across the town.

These were in Southsea Avenue, Harwoods Road and Savanna Court. As a result of this proactivity, three arrests were made.

Samuel Spes, aged 18, of Savanna Court, Rickmansworth Road, Watford was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. He was later charged and has been remanded in custody.

An 18-year-old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. He has been released on conditional bail.

A 19-year-old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 20-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

On June 11, officers spotted a Citroen C3 being driven in a suspicious manner. They signalled for it to stop in Pumphouse Crescent. After carrying out roadside checks, they discovered the vehicle was on false number plates. On searching the car, they found another set of number plates and an imitation firearm. A 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of taking a motor vehicle without the owner's consent, going equipped to steal and being in possession of a firearm. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

On June 12, officers witnessed a suspected drug deal taking place in Watford Field Road. A 52-year-old man of no fixed address was arrested on suspicion of possession Class A drugs. Approximately 10 to 15 wraps of suspected Class A drugs (heroin and crack cocaine). He has been released on conditional bail and has been summoned to appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court on July 9.

On June 17, a member of the public called police to say they had witnessed a man acting suspiciously in Market Street. Officers immediately attended and arrested a 21-year-old man on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. Thirty wraps of suspected Class A drugs (crack cocaine) were seized.

On June 19, officers interrupted a suspected drug deal in Exchange Road in Watford before recovering suspected Class A which was estimated to be worth more than £2,000. Naieem Ferozee, aged 19, of Albany Crescent in Edgware, London, was arrested and charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of Class A (crack cocaine and heroin). He appeared before Hatfield Remand Court on June 20, where he was remanded ahead of his next court appearance.

Operation Scorpion also conducted three further warrants at addresses where it was suspected the occupants were being cuckooed* by people suspected to be involved in gang crime. No arrests were made but those thought to be vulnerable have been safeguarded against further exploitation.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "This focused two-week operation demonstrates that we will not tolerate drug and gang crime in Watford and I am very pleased with the results. We have one suspected drug dealer remanded and a number of people being investigated for suspected drug-related crime.

"I hope it sends out a strong message to those who choose to deal drugs in our town - if you are involved in criminality, we will catch up with you. You need to be looking over your shoulder, because we are watching."

If you suspect a drugs deal is happening in your street right now, please call 999. You can also submit information anonymously via Crimestoppers. You can visit their website here

_*Operation Scorpion officers relentlessly pursue the criminals that cause the most harm to our communities, namely those who are involved in burglaries and robberies as well as drug and vehicle-related crime._

_*_ _Cuckooing_ _is the term used when gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of vulnerable adults by force or coercion._
