```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An 18-year-old driver in Welwyn Garden City had his vehicle seized after officers caught him allegedly driving anti-socially for the second time in a month.
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2018
title: "Anti-social driver has vehicle seized \u2013 Welwyn Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/anti-social-driver-has-vehicle-seized-welwyn-hatfield-1789
```

* ### An 18-year-old had his car seized after allegedly breaching anti-social driving order

 * ### He was stopped in Mundells, Welwyn Garden City, on September 11

 * ### He has been reported for several offences and is due to be summoned to court in due course

An 18-year-old driver in Welwyn Garden City had his vehicle seized after officers caught him allegedly driving anti-socially for the second time in a month.

The vehicle, a blue Citroen DS3, was seen to be tailgating other road users and exceeding the speed limit on Mundells in wet weather conditions on the evening of Tuesday, September 11.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit signalled for the car to pull over.

They spoke to the driver and conducted some roadside checks, as well as examining the car. As a result, two of the vehicle's tyres were found to be bald.

Further checks revealed that Welwyn Hatfield PCSO Oliver Gittins had already spoken to the driver about his poor behaviour in August, by way of a Section 59 warning.

Section 59 of the Police Reform Act 2002 states that if a vehicle continues to be used in a manner which is careless and inconsiderate, or causes alarm, distress or annoyance to members of the public, then it can be seized.

Therefore the Citroen was seized and following a further vehicle examination, the driver has been reported for:

 * driving without due care and attention
 * two defective tyres (insufficient tread)
 * vehicle not fitted with silencer
 * dangerous condition (exhaust insecure)

He is due to appear at court in the coming weeks.

Sergeant Steve Hynes, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This is a great example of partnership working between Safer Neighbourhood and Road Policing colleagues, which means this driver and his unsafe vehicle are now off the road.

"I want residents to know that we regularly patrol hotspot areas where dangerous and anti-social driving is known to happen, and that we won't hesitate to use our Section 59 powers when required.

"Safe and law-abiding drivers have the right to travel on the county's roads without fear of being intimated or endangered by those who could not care less.

"It is simple - if you choose to drive in a manner that negatively impacts other motorists, we will bring you to book.

"If you witness these types of incidents where you live on a regular basis, we ask that you please report it to us so we can do something about it."

You can report anti-social driving online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report-Shared/Report-anti-social-driving, by speaking to a Force Communications Room operator via web chat or by calling non-emergency number 101.

Remember, if anyone is injured or in danger and you need immediate support, please call 999.
