```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a dog being dangerously out of control in Watford.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following dog attack in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-dog-attack-in-Watford-0073
```

* ### The incident happened in the recreation ground on Cherry Tree Road at approximately 1pm on Saturday, April 14.

 * ### **A German Shepherd and its owner had to receive medical treatment**

 * ### Anyone who saw the incident or might know the owner(s) of the Staffordshire Bull Terrier, should contact PC Anna Cornish on 101 or anna.cornish@herts.pnn.police.uk , quoting crime reference C4/18/1066

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a dog being dangerously out of control in Watford.

The incident happened in the recreation ground on Cherry Tree Road at approximately 1pm on Saturday, April 14.

At this time, the victim - a 75 year old man, was playing with his dog, a German Shepherd, when a brown Staffordshire Bull Terrier ran towards them and bit the German Shepherd on the scruff of the neck.

As the victim tried to get the Staffordshire Bull Terrier off of his dog, he received cuts to his wrist.

The dog then ran off in the direction of the Cherry Tree Road area after being called by a woman, described as white and aged between approximately 30 and 40 years old. She was also with a teenage boy.

PC Anna Cornish, who is investigating, said: "This was a frightening incident and both the man and his dog had to seek medical treatment, the latter of which was very expensive.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident or anyone who might know the owner(s) of the dog to get in touch with me.

"Anyone with any information that could help should contact me on anna.cornish@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C4/18/1066. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report ."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
