```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an arson in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following arson in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-arson-in-hatfield-0259b
```

* ## Police were called shortly before 10pm on Monday (22 June) to assist at the scene of a house fire in Lemsford Road.

 * ## The incident is being treated as arson and officers are investigating.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should contact police.

Officers investigating an arson in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

Police were called by the fire and rescue service shortly before 10pm on Monday (22 June) to assist at the scene of a house fire in Lemsford Road.

Officers attended and provided traffic management while the fire was tackled.

The property was empty at the time and the back door was found to be open.

Detective Constable Alicia Vieyra, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully no one was injured but it could easily have been a very different story.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or anyone who has information about the fire, to get in touch.

"Were you in the area? Did you see suspicious activity? Or did you hear anything that sounded odd? Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/48856/20 or email me."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
