```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault that happened in Watford today (Monday, June 25) are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-watford-0423
```

* ### Did you witness assault in Beechen Grove, Watford, at around 1.45pm this afternoon (June 25)?

 * ### A man sustained a serious leg injury and now police are searching for two offenders; one black man and one mixed race man

 * ### If you have any information, please call 101 quoting ISR 460 of June 25

Officers investigating an assault that happened in Watford today (Monday, June 25) are appealing for information and witnesses.

Police were called to Beechen Grove, Watford, at 1.47pm this afternoon to reports that a man had been assaulted.

The man has sustained a serious injury to his leg and has been taken to hospital.

Officers are currently searching for the two offenders who are described as a black man and a mixed race man.

One is of a slim build and wearing dark clothing. The other was wearing dark bottoms and a white vest top.

DS Chris Parperi, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and saw what happened to get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who has information about the incident. I want to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to trace those responsible."

Anyone who saw the incident or has any other information which could help officers, should contact Hertfordshire Police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 460 of June 25. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
