```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead and are keen to trace a woman who came to the victim\u2019s aid."
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2020
title: Did you assist victim following robbery in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-assist-victim-following-robbery-in-hemel-hempstead-1391d
```

* ## The incident occurred near the Old King's Arms pub in the High Street.

 * ## A man was assaulted before his bag was stolen.

 * ## Officers are trying to trace a blonde woman who came to his assistance.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead and are keen to trace a woman who came to the victim's aid.

The incident occurred in the old town High Street, near the Old King's Arms pub, at around 6pm on Monday 3 February.

A man aged in his 40s was approached by two men who began to speak to him. One of the men then grabbed the victim and threw him to the ground, before punching him to the face as he attempted to get back up. Meanwhile, the second male stole the victim's bag which contained groceries.

The pair then ran off.

The suspects are described as two black males, approximately 5ft 10in tall. One was aged around 21 and wearing a dark jacket and the second was aged around 19 and wearing a black puffer jacket.

Detective Sergeant Dan Evans, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an unprovoked attack which has left the victim shaken, although thankfully not seriously injured.

"It has been reported that a blonde woman came to the victim's aid after the incident and we are keen to trace this lady as soon as possible. If this was you, please get in touch as you may be able to assist with our enquiries.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone else who may have information about what happened."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/10319/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
