```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Anti-social behaviour continues to be a priority for the London Colney Safer Neighbourhood Team following the latest Priority Setting Forum last Thursday night (18 March).
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: Neighbourhood policing priorities in London Colney to remain
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/neighbourhood-policing-priorities-in-london-colney-to-remain-1355f
```

Anti-social behaviour continues to be a priority for the London Colney Safer Neighbourhood Team following the latest Priority Setting Forum last Thursday night (18 March).

The meeting, made up of police officers, council representatives and members of the local education and business communities, was held virtually to agree what the London Colney Safer Neighbourhood Team will focus on over the next three months.

The other two neighbourhood priorities of anti-social use of motorbikes and speeding and HGV vehicles driving on restricted roads also remain with some additional areas being given extra attention following feedback on echo.*

London Colney Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Williams said: "You've told us that anti-social behaviour across London Colney, St Stephens and St Albans East remain a problem as well as anti-social use of off-road bikes and e-scooters and speeding. This has come from information provided via the Constabulary's community voice platform 'echo' and from feedback from members of the public, who play a huge part in the decision making. Residents will see work being conducted to tackle these issues, which will include increased police presence and targeted enforcement. We are committed to dealing with these longer-term issues with the local council and our other partner agencies."

The agreed neighbourhood priorities are:

**You said:** Anti-social behaviour in Alban Way, Longacres, Cell Barnes Lane, Highfield Park Curo Park and Morris Way car park.

**What we have been doing** : We have conduced regular patrols in these areas and given words of advice to the young people and dispersed groups. We have used stop and search powers and we will continue to deal with any anti-social behaviour reported to us.

**You said:** Anti-social use of off-road bikes in Lye Lane, Bricket Wood, Napsbury Park and Colney Heath.

**What we have been doing:** Following our intervention, the number of reports has decreased but we will continue to use robust action to deal with this problem. We have issued formal 'Section 59' warnings to 10 people so far this year as well as given numerous verbal warnings. Formal warnings mean we can seize those people's bikes if they are found doing this again. We have increased our patrols and worked with the landowners to stop vehicles getting onto these areas. We have also written to dozens of registered bike keepers reminding them of the law.

**You said:** Speeding and mobile phone offences as well as HGVs driving on restricted roads. This now also includes e-scooters causing issues in Park Street and London Colney High Street.

**We did:** We have carried out a number of speed enforcement operations across the area, with the support of the volunteer Special Constabulary. The current areas of concern are Drakes Drive, Radlett Road, Tippendall Lane, A5183 Frogmore, Mount Please Lane, Colney Heath High Street, London Colney Barnet Road, Shenley Lane and Highfield Park Drive. We have issued several traffic offence reports for speeding. These will be investigated with a view to court action.

Six vehicles have been seized for not having insurance and the drivers reported to court. Those found driving slightly over the speed limit have been given verbal warnings. We have also contacted local companies reminding them not to drive HGV vehicles on prohibited roads.

We will be working with schools to remind young people about e-scooter safety and that they need to insure their vehicle and not ride them in public spaces.

Sergeant Williams added: "Feedback from members of the public is vital to ensure that local policing resources are focusing on the issues that matter most to you. I want to thank everyone who has contacted us with their views and would encourage other people to get involved.

"While things are very different for everyone at the moment, my local officers are still out and about, responding to any concerns and issues raised.

"You can follow the work of local officers on Facebook and Twitter **@StAlbansPolice** to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep the district a safe place to live, work and visit. You can also join our OWL (Online Watch Link) (opens in a new window) to receive emails about police initiatives and crime prevention advice."

*You can use also our community voice platform 'echo' London Colney echo (opens in a new window) to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local initiatives and campaigns.

Please note that echo should _not_ be used to report crime; this should continue to be reported via the usual methods.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window).
