```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision on a single track country lane in Hitchin just after 8.10pm on Tuesday 23 July.
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following serious collision in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-serious-collision-in-hitchin-0532
```

* ### Witnesses sought after serious road collision

 * ### Did you travel along country lane in Hitchin?

 * ### Call 101 and quote Op Gemini

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision on a single track country lane in Hitchin just after 8.10pm on Tuesday 23 July.

Emergency services were called to Carters Lane, following reports of a collision between a silver Toyota Yaris and a blue Ford Galaxy.

The ambulance and fire services also attended the incident, alongside the air ambulance.

Six people sustained injuries, one of them - a 22 year old male who was a rear seat passenger in the Toyota - sustained a head injury and was airlifted to Addenbrooke's Hospital.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are appealing for witnesses, particularly anyone who saw either vehicle prior to the collision, which happened 500m south of the junction with Pirton Road. They also wish to hear from anyone who was travelling in the area and has a dash cam fitted.

Anyone who has information about the incident should contact ben.powell@herts.pnn.police.uk at Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference Operation Gemini. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/Contact
