```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A quantity of cannabis thought to be worth up to \xA33,000 was seized from an address in Bishop\u2019s Stortford yesterday (Wednesday, January 16)."
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2019
title: "Cannabis seized from address in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-seized-from-address-in-bishops-stortford-2393c
```

* ### Officers were conducting proactive patrols following intelligence around suspected drug dealing.

 * ### A quantity of cannabis was seized from an address.

 * ### A man has been arrested and released under investigation.

A quantity of cannabis thought to be worth up to £3,000 was seized from an address in Bishop's Stortford yesterday (Wednesday, January 16).

Officers from the East Herts Scorpion Team were carrying out patrols in the Northolt Avenue area, following intelligence that drug dealing may be taking place.

They spotted a man, who then made off before being detained on the A120 a short time later.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and taken into custody.

A search of an address was subsequently carried out, with assistance from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, and seven ounces of herbal cannabis was recovered, along with a machete and cash.

East Herts Detective Inspector Alex Willcox said: "Drug dealing and associated criminality can have a big impact on local communities as it can often be the catalyst for more violent crime, making people feel unsafe and uncomfortable. This will not be tolerated and we're working hard to crackdown on those suspected of being involved in such activity.

"If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please report it to police so we can build up an intelligence picture, enabling us to take appropriate action."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

The man, aged 21 and from the town, has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
