```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision in Stanstead Abbotts.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2020
title: Appeal for information following serious collision in Stanstead Abbotts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-serious-collision-in-stanstead-abbotts-1015
```

* ### Officers are investigating a serious road traffic collision in Stanstead Abbotts and are appealing for information and witnesses

 * ### It happened on Roydon Road at around 4.30pm on Wednesday 16 December, when a cyclist in his 60s was found seriously injured

 * ### If you have any information, please contact police quoting ISR 490 of 16 December

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision in Stanstead Abbotts.

At around 4.30pm on Wednesday 16 December, a call was made to police stating that a cyclist, a man aged in his late 60s, had been seriously injured in Roydon Road.

He was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition at this time. His next of kin are aware.

Detective Sergeant James Thorne, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our investigations are continuing at this time, to establish the circumstances around the incident. It is believed the cyclist was struck by a vehicle, which was not at the scene on police arrival.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have seen the incident, or events leading up to it, to please get in touch. I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a black Land Rover or Range Rover travelling in the area between 4pm and 5pm on the day. I would urge motorists who were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted, to please review any footage and contact us if you have captured anything that may assist us.

"Similarly, if you believe you may have seen a black Land or Range Rover with damage to the passenger side wing mirror, then please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please email james.thorne@cambs.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 490 of 16 December, 2020.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
