```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Regular police officers, Special police officers, police staff and members of the public have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2018
title: "Police officers and staff praised at Chief Constable\u2019s awards ceremony"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-officers-and-staff-praised-at-Chief-Constables-awards-ceremony-1674
```

* ### Police officers and staff have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at the Chief Constable's awards ceremony.

 * ### The ceremony was held at Police Headquarters on Tuesday, February 20.

 * ### Those honoured included officers who investigated the disappearance and murder of Helen Bailey in 2016.

Regular police officers, Special police officers, police staff and members of the public have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City **.**

Professor Quintin McKellar CBE, Vice Chancellor and Chief Executive of the University of Hertfordshire, was the Guest of Honour at the event on Tuesday, February 20 and presented the recipients with their awards.

**The following member of police staff received their Long Service award:**

 * Maria Cooper, from Design and Print Services at HQ based in Welwyn Garden City. Maria, who is 54, started her career with Hertfordshire Constabulary in January 1988.

Maria Cooper

Her role involved copying documents and print finishing by hand, which in the 1980s was very labour intensive and time consuming.

Maria then left the Constabulary two and a half years later in order to have a family, returning in April 1997. Maria, who lives in Welwyn Garden City, was promoted to Senior Reprographic Technician almost 13 years ago in the Print Force Unit and oversaw the typeset of all the force forms then printed in house.

As both technology and computers have progressed, Maria now digitally prints documents and artwork direct to the copiers which is much faster than it was in the 1980s!

**The following police officers received a Chief Constable 's Commendation:**

 * PC Jess Berg and PC Luke Morley, for assisting at the scene of a fatal road traffic collision outside Stevenage Police Station on December 14, 2016.

PC Jess Berg and PC Luke Morley

PC Berg, who is 28, was just leaving the police station after a late shift when she witnessed the crash on Lytton Way. She immediately ran to assist and whilst doing so, she rang the fire brigade because she recognised their specialist equipment would be needed.

PC Luke Morley came to assist and together they helped to remove the passenger, a 17-year-old girl, because they were concerned the vehicle was going to ignite. Despite the best efforts of the emergency services the driver, a 19-year-old man, sadly died at the scene.

The outstanding actions of PC Berg and PC Luke Morley have been acknowledged via a Chief Constable's Commendation, for their quick thinking and professionalism in very traumatic circumstances.

 * Detective Constable Wendy Tomlinson, for her work as the Disclosure Officer during the investigation into the disappearance and murder of Helen Bailey in 2016.

DC Tomlinson, who is based at HQ in Welwyn Garden City, assessed and recorded 1,716 items of unused material during the investigation. She is awarded a commendation for demonstrating the very highest standards of detective work.

 * Detective Sergeant David Sharpe, as the Outside Enquiry Team Leader during the investigation into the disappearance and murder of Helen Bailey in 2016.

DS David Sharpe

DS Sharpe, who is aged 39 and is also based at HQ in Welwyn Garden City, is awarded a commendation for demonstrating the very highest standards of detective work.

 * Detective Constable Jo-Anne Kerr, as the Officer in the Case during the investigation into the disappearance and murder of Helen Bailey in 2016.

DC Jo-Anne Kerr

DC Kerr, who is aged 49 and is also based at HQ in Welwyn Garden City, effectively managed 460 statements, 360 unused items and 722 exhibits during the file preparation. She is also awarded a commendation for demonstrating the very highest standards of detective work.

 * PC Daniel Judge, who is aged 37 and based at Watford Police Station, receives a commendation for his actions on the morning of February 6, 2017.

Police were contacted to attend a house in Watford where an 83-year-old man had been found believed to be deceased. PC Judge and his colleague attended the scene immediately and commenced CPR before paramedics arrived.

The man was resuscitated and taken to Watford General Hospital where he was met by his family who had been informed by officers. Sadly, the man later suffered a fatal cardiac arrest but due to the actions of PC Judge and his colleague, his loved ones were able to be at his bedside when he passed away.
