```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police on Dacorum\u2019s intervention team have had a busy month with several arrests of note relating to vehicle thefts, drug possession and suspected drink driving."
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2020
title: A snapshot of intervention night shifts in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/a-snapshot-of-intervention-night-shifts-in-dacorum-0809
```

* ### A snapshot of several night shifts on Dacorum's intervention team shows the types of incidents officers deal with on a daily basis

 * ### Arrests of note related to vehicle thefts, drug possession and suspected drink driving

 * ### Chief Inspector Craig Flint says there is 'always a dedicated team of police officers patrolling your communities while you sleep'

Police on Dacorum's intervention team have had a busy month with several arrests of note relating to vehicle thefts, drug possession and suspected drink driving.

Most recently in the early hours of **Monday 26 October** , a member of the public called 999 at 4.15am after he witnessed what he believed to be a theft in progress from a van in Peregrine Close, Hemel Hempstead.

The caller gave officers a description of the vehicle used by the suspects to flee the scene and we quickly located it in the Woodhall Farm area of the town. A 26 year old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested nearby on suspicion of theft from a motor vehicle. He has been released under investigation and a red van was seized as part of the investigation.

On **Friday 16 October** , officers stopped a vehicle on Adeyfield Road at 5.15am. After roadside checks were made, it was discovered the driver did not hold a full driving licence. His vehicle was seized as a result and he was issued with a Traffic Offence Report.

On **Thursday 15 October** , officers attempt to conduct an intelligence-led stop on a vehicle in Breakspear Way just after 9.30pm. The driver of the vehicle made off but officers caught up with him in Green Lane. While he was being detained he assaulted one of the arresting officers. A roadside test indicated he had drugs in his system before a large quantity of cash was found on his person. The cash was seized under the Proceeds of Crime Act. The driver, aged 23 and from Hemel Hempstead, was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer and taken to custody where he was later released under investigation. Enquiries are continuing.

On **Wednesday 14 October** at 12.40am, a member of the public called 999 to say there was a suspected drink driver at Jarman Park. Officers attended and searched the area before locating the vehicle in Lawn Lane in Bennetts End. The male driver refused to be breathalysed at the roadside so he was arrested on suspicion of failing to provide a specimen of breath and taken to custody. The man, aged 50 and from Hemel Hempstead, was later charged with the offence and released on bail. He is due to appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court next month.

At 9.30pm the same day, officers responded to reports of a Vauxhall Corsa that had been stolen from Peascroft Road in Hemel Hempstead. It had been driven off in the direction of Leverstock Green. With little information, officers began to search the area and within 15 minutes they had located the vehicle on Green Lane, where they saw a man running away. He was detained and arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle. The man, aged 21 and from Hemel Hempstead, was taken to custody and released under investigation while officers continue their enquiries.

Just before midnight on **Tuesday 13 October,** officers recovered a white Mercedes abandoned just off Deansway in Hemel Hempstead which earlier the same night had failed to stop for their colleagues after a strong smell of cannabis was emitting from the vehicle. Two men were arrested just around the corner in Barnfield after they were seen hiding in a front garden. A lock knife, cash and Class A and B drugs were recovered. A 19 year old man from Bushey was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs, and taking a vehicle without the owner's consent. A 21 year old man from Hitchin was arrested on suspicion of possession of a bladed article, taking a vehicle without the owner's consent and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. The Mercedes, owned by a car rental company, was subsequently returned to its rightful owner.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Craig Flint said: "This is only a small snapshot of the notable incidents dealt with by just two of our five intervention teams on a set of night shifts this month. In many of these situations, members of the public have called things into us when they have suspected something is not quite right. We are always grateful for all calls made in good faith, and in this case, their instincts were spot on - leading to arrests in all cases.

"While the majority of Dacorum is sleeping, there is always a team of dedicated police officers proactively patrolling your neighbourhoods with the aim of seeking out and apprehending anyone who is breaking the law.

"If you believe a crime to be in progress or you think someone may be in danger, please do not hesitate to dial 999. Provide the operator with as much information as possible, while keeping yourself safe."

If you have information about crime that is not urgent, but you would still like to share it with us, you can do this by reporting information online at herts.police.uk/report, talking to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, if you do not want to speak directly to police, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can also use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
