```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following fatal collision in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-Hatfield-1203
```

* ### The collision occurred on the westbound carriageway of the A414 North Orbital Road

 * ### The driver of a Vauxhall Astra sadly passed away at the scene

 * ### Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to contact police on 101

Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses and information.

The collision occurred at 7.56pm on Thursday, November 23 on the westbound carriageway of the A414 North Orbital Road near the Colney Heath Lane roundabout.

For reasons currently unknown, a silver Vauxhall Astra was in collision with a white lorry.

Police and both the ambulance and fire services attended the incident.

Sadly, the Astra driver's injuries were severe and he died at the scene. The driver of the lorry was uninjured.

The road was closed until just after 2am today (November 24).

PC Jackie Lister from the Forensic Collision Investigation Unit said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family of the Astra driver at this extremely difficult time and they are being supported by a specialist Family Liaison Officer.

"We are continuing to investigate and I would ask anyone who saw the collision or the vehicles prior to the incident to contact me.

"Additionally, a number of vehicles are now fitted with dash cams. If you were driving in the area of the collision and believe you may have footage of the incident, please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone who has information in relation to this incident is asked to contact PC Lister via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 780 of 23/11/2017.
