```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an incident in Hatfield are releasing the image of a man they would like to speak with as part of their inquiries.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2018
title: CCTV appeal following an incident in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-an-incident-in-hatfield-2193B
```

* ### At around 11.30pm on Sunday 18th November the victim, a woman in her 30s, was approached by a man at the top of French Horn Lane.

 * ### He walked alongside her to the subway at the junction of St Albans Road East, Wellfield Road, French Horn Lane and Queensway. He touched her inappropriately and attempted to kiss her before taking her phone.

 * ### Officers believe the man pictured may be able to help with their investigation. If you recognise him, call 101 quoting 41/57445/18.

Police investigating an incident in Hatfield are releasing the image of a man they would like to speak with as part of their inquiries.

At around 11.30pm on Sunday 18th November the victim, a woman in her 30s, was approached by a man at the top of French Horn Lane. The man had been on the same train as the woman from Finsbury Park.

He started to speak with the victim and walked alongside her to the subway at the junction of St Albans Road East, Wellfield Road, French Horn Lane and Queensway. He touched her inappropriately and attempted to kiss her before taking her phone. He subsequently dropped the phone in the subway.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured in connection with the investigation.

Anyone who is able to identify him is asked to contact DC Beverley Larman by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/57445/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
