```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police seized a car following reports of a vehicle driving dangerously in Tring.
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2019
title: Car seized in Tring under section 59 powers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/car-seized-in-tring-under-section-59-powers-0908
```

* ### A vehicle was seized under Section 59 powers.

 * ### A complaint was made by a member of the public about dangerous driving on Oddy Hill.

 * ### Police also witnessed dangerous driving on attendance.

Police seized a car following reports of a vehicle driving dangerously in Tring.

Officers were called to Oddy Hill on the outskirts of the town at 1.45am on Sunday (13 October).

A red Mazda MX-5 Icon, which was already subject to a warning under Section 59 of the Police and Reform Act 2002, was seized.

A Section 59 order can be issued by police when a vehicle is used in a manner which causes alarm, distress or annoyance to the public. If that same vehicle is then seen repeating the offence it can be seized.

Inspector Jeff Scott, from the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are aware that this has been a problem in the area and it understandably bothers the local residents, so we are pleased to have been able to take steps to tackle this issue.

"We attended the area after a call from a member of the public and witnessed an offender committing the nuisance.

"The offender had been warned earlier in the year about their anti-social use of the motor vehicle and as a result their vehicle was seized immediately under our section 59 powers.

"We hope our quick and proactive response has sent a clear strong messages to this small group of people who cause such annoyance to the people of Tring."

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
