```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and are urging residents to secure their properties after a recent spate of burglaries in rural parts of Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2018
title: Police in North Herts urge public to secure their properties after a spate of burglaries in rural Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-in-North-Herts-urge-public-to-secure-their-properties-after-a-spate-of-burglaries-in-rural-Hitchin-1515
```

* ### 13 burglaries have happened in rural Hitchin

 * ### Home owners are asked to secure their homes and be vigilant

 * ### Report suspcious behavior to police via 101

Police are appealing for information and are urging residents to secure their properties after a recent spate of burglaries in rural parts of Hitchin.

In total 13 burglaries have taken place since the beginning of January.

The details of the burglaries are as follows:

 * In Ickleford two burglaries happened between January 22 and 23 in Arlesey Road and Snailswell Lane. Damage was caused to one of the properties when offenders broke in and the other house had jewellery stolen.
 * In St Ippolyts a burglary took place in Waterdell Lane between January 11 and 14.
 * In Pirton four burglaries happened between January 12 and 23 in Docklands, Walnut Tree Road, Bury End and Crabtree Lane. These properties suffered damage and had jewellery and cash stolen from them.
 * In Offley a burglary took place in Salusbury Lane on January 12 where jewellery was stolen.
 * In Preston, two properties were broken into between January 11 and 24 and one of the houses had jewellery stolen.
 * In Lilley a burglary happened on Rueley Dell Road between January 7 and 16 and damage was caused.
 * In Codicote, two burglaries happened between January 4 and 9 in Bentick Way and Poynders Meadow and cash was stolen from both houses.

 **North Herts Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley said: "**This recent rise in burglaries in the area is not out of the ordinary and similar amounts are being experienced across the county. However, just one burglary is one too many as far as I am concerned and we are doing everything we can to find those responsible including stepping up our high visibility patrols and handing out crime prevention advice in affected areas.

"Members of the public can help us in our fight against burglary by remaining vigilant and reporting any suspicious behaviour to us, but also by ensuring they have properly secured their homes.

"Offences can happen during the daytime and evenings when occupants are not at home. Criminals will always prefer to target unoccupied homes. If you give your home a lived in look, by using a timer switch to turn on a light, radio or TV, when it gets dark then criminals are more likely to avoid your home."

If you see anyone behaving suspiciously around your street, please report it to police via the non-emergency number 101 straight away. If however, you feel could be witnessing a burglary or any other crime in action, please dial 999 immediately.

Hertfordshire Constabulary would also recommend residents consider the follow crime prevention advice to further secure their homes:

 * **Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.**
 * **Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.**
 * **Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV. **
 * **Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.**
 * **Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.**
 * **Join Hertfordshire 's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: ****www.owl.co.uk** **.**
 * **Visit** **www.owlprotect.uk** **for discounts on security products.**

**_ _**
