```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been given a seven-year jail sentence after being found guilty of multiple sexual offences against a teenage girl.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2021
title: Man sentenced to seven years for sexual offences against a teenage girl
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-seven-years-for-sexual-offences-against-a-teenage-girl-1304
```

* ### A man has been jailed for seven years after being found guilty of multiple child sex offences

 * ### Christopher James, aged 48, from Ware, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Wednesday 10 March

 * ### The offences all relate to one victim in the Cheshunt area between 2013 and 2015

A man has been given a seven-year jail sentence after being found guilty of multiple sexual offences against a teenage girl.

Christopher James, aged 48, of Richmond Close, Ware, appeared before St Albans Crown Court for sentencing on Wednesday 10 March after previously being found guilty of eight counts of sexual activity with a child.

The offences, which all relate to one female victim, were committed in the Cheshunt area between October 2013 and July 2015.

Investigator Jason Tinsey said: "I want to start by paying tribute to the victim who has shown great strength and bravery throughout the whole investigation. I hope the sentencing provides some closure for her and she can now move forward with her life.

"James is quite clearly a dangerous individual as he carried out numerous assaults on the victim over an extended period of time. His conviction means he can no longer be a threat to young girls."

James has been placed on the sex offenders' register and will remain there indefinitely. He is also the subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact the Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org.

This service is open to everyone - men, women and young people, no matter how long ago the abuse occurred.
