```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are re-appealing for witnesses, information and dashcam footage following a road traffic collision on the A507 Baldock Road between Buntingford and Cottered last month.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: Re-appeal for witnesses following road traffic collision on A507 near Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-for-witnesses-following-road-traffic-collision-on-a507-near-buntingford-0818ag
```

* ### We are re-appealing for witnesses to a road traffic collision on Monday 19 October on the A507 near Buntingford.

 * ### Officers are keen to trace the driver of a black VW Amarok who may be able to assist with enquiries.

 * ### Call 101 quoting ISR 581 of 19 October if you can help.

We are re-appealing for witnesses, information and dashcam footage following a road traffic collision on the A507 Baldock Road between Buntingford and Cottered last month.

A black Ford F150 pick-up and a black London taxi were in collision at around 5.15pm on Monday 19 October.

Officers are particularly keen to trace the driver of a black VW Amarok. The vehicle was in the area at the time and the driver could have information to assist the investigation.

PC James Carmichael, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Were you on the A507 Baldock Road just after 5pm on Monday 19 October?

"Did you see this collision or either of these vehicles prior to the incident? If so I would like to hear from you.

"We have made a number of enquiries to date, but now I am very keen to trace the black VW Amarok, which is pictured here just following the collision heading along the A507 from Buntingford towards Cottered.

"The driver could hold vital information regarding the incident.

"The vehicle has distinctive livery markings on the rear and sides, as well chrome roll bars, running plates and alloys. If you are the driver or owner, or you have any information about this vehicle then please get in touch.

"Additionally, if you have relevant dashcam footage, including before or after the collision, please review your footage to see if you have captured anything of note.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at james.carmichael@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 581 of 19 October.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
