```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "More than \xA316,000 in cash and over 30,000 cigarettes were seized after Operation Scorpion officers arrested a man in Hemel Hempstead."
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2020
title: "\xA316,000 in cash and 31,000 cigarettes seized during arrest \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/16000-in-cash-and-31000-cigarettes-seized-during-arrest-hemel-hempstead-0950
```

* ### £16,100 cash and 31,000 cigarettes seized after officers made an arrest in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### A 31 year old man was arrested on suspicion of several offences including handling stolen goods

 * ### Operation Scorpion officers also seized and searched an Audi A6 as part of the investigation

More than £16,000 in cash and over 30,000 cigarettes were seized after Operation Scorpion officers arrested a man in Hemel Hempstead.

A 31 year old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs (cocaine), profiting from or concealing knowledge of proceeds of crime, handling stolen goods and criminal damage. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The arrest occurred just after 1.30pm on Monday 30 November, after officers from the borough's Operation Scorpion team responded to a call from a member of the public reporting suspicious activity in the Boxmoor area.

They located a vehicle, an Audi A6, in Wrensfield which they believed to be involved so they followed it to The Farthings where it came to a stop.

Officers parked behind it with the intention of getting out and speaking to the driver. However before they had a chance the vehicle reversed into the unmarked police car. They quickly detained the driver and searched the car, where they found £14,100 cash inside.

Officers also searched a Boxmoor address under Section 18 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 where they recovered a further £2,000 in cash along with 1,550 packets of cigarettes - equivalent to 31,000 individual cigarettes. The cash, cigarettes and car were all seized as part of the investigation.

Sergeant James Bessant, who leads the Operation Scorpion team, said: "The team acted on information given to us by a sharp-eyed member of the public who called it in when they thought something wasn't quite right.

"We'd like to publicly thank them, as due to their actions we have managed to intercept Class A drugs, suspected stolen goods and proceeds of crime from making it to the streets of Hemel Hempstead.

"The Operation Scorpion team is made up of police officers who actively pursue criminals who are involved in acquisitive crime. If you are involved in illegal activity, then you should be looking over your shoulder because we will catch up with you."

**_ _**

If you have any information about suspected criminality in your neighbourhood, you can report it online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you believe a crime is in progress, or someone is in danger, always dial 999.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
