```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Twenty-eight-year-old Gary Jakeman was sentenced to 13 weeks\u2019 imprisonment at St Albans Magistrates Court on Friday (April 13) for attempting to break in to some cars in Cottonmill Lane."
publish:
  date: 19 Apr 2018
title: Man imprisoned for attempting to break-in to cars in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-imprisoned-for-attempting-to-break-in-to-cars-in-StAlbans-0079F
```

* ### 13 weeks in prison for attempting to break-in to cars

 * ### **Lock your cars, then double check it 's locked and importantly remove all property**

 * ### Over 80 per cent of vehicle crime doesn't involve any damage to vehicles.

Twenty-eight-year-old Gary Jakeman was sentenced to 13 weeks' imprisonment at St Albans Magistrates Court on Friday (April 13) for attempting to break in to some cars in Cottonmill Lane.

He was caught on a web-based camera where he is clearly seen trying several car doors to see if they were insecure at 6.45am on March 24 this year.

He was also sentenced for fraud offences in Stevenage where he had used stolen debit cards to make contactless payments for scratch cards in Kandola General Store in Oaks Cross, Stevenage, on January 18 this year.

St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek said: "This is a significant sentence for low-level offending. He was caught on camera blatantly trying several car doors and left the garage block empty-handed. Jakeman is an opportunist thief who targeted insecure vehicles to find anything that was easy to steal."

He said: "Currently over 80 per cent of all vehicle crime across the St Albans district have resulted in no damage being caused to the vehicle. In fact, less than 10 per cent of vehicles were damaged during a theft and this is _only_ when property is visible on display. The remaining offences have targeted vans specifically for tools or have been theft of number plates."

He said: "We have seen a rise in thefts from motor vehicle and suspect the real picture is even higher as many go unreported as people are embarrassed or unsure whether their cars has been targeted. We would ask all residents to support the work we are doing to reduce offences and also protect their own property by always ensuring that they **lock their cars, then double check it 's locked and importantly remove _all_ property**."

He added: "Please continue to be vigilant, report all suspicious behaviour and consider investing in web based cameras to deter criminals to help keep our communities safer. We will continue to pursue criminals who commit these offences and with your help we can help make life more difficult for them by taking quick and easy steps, such as double checking you have locked your car."
