```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A free tool marking event is to be held in Royston as part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the Safer Neighbourhood Team.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2018
title: Free Tool Marking Event in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Free-Tool-Marking-Event-in-Royston-1629A
```

* ### A free tool marking event is to be held in Royston as part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

 * ### The event is taking place on Saturday, March 10 at Therfield Heath car park and will run from 10am until 2pm.

 * ### Officers will be able to engrave tools free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves.

A free tool marking event is to be held in Royston as part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

The event, which is taking place on Saturday, March 10 at Therfield Heath car park, has been organised in response to a rise in tool thefts across the county and will run from 10am until 2pm.

The Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team now has equipment which will allow officers to engrave tools free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves. Officers will also be able to mark possessions with bright coloured paint or ultraviolet paint.

**Police Community Support Officer Robyn Allen, who is organising the event said:** "Unfortunately we have seen a rise in tool thefts from vehicles in Royston recently. We are working hard to tackle this type of crime and hope that people will take advantage of this free service to help deter would-be thieves.

"Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves and also easier to return if they are stolen and later recovered by police. The service has already proved extremely popular in other areas and we hope to see as many people as possible on the day."

Further tool marking events are planned and officers will also continue to make proactive visits to anyone they think may benefit from the service.

If you cannot make the event but would like to get your tools marked, please contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team on 01707 354192 or email.

** **
