```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new initiative, aiming to encourage residents and visitors to Hoddesdon to work more closely with their local police, is being launched on Wednesday, June 19.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2019
title: "\u201CIt\u2019s your community, your police and your call that will make the difference\u201D"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/its-your-community-your-police-and-your-call-that-will-make-the-difference-0388-k
```

* ### Operation Parousia is launching in Hoddesdon on Wednesday, June 19.

 * ### A variety of overt and covert resources and tactics are being used to target criminality.

 * ### Residents and visitors to the town can meet their local policing team, ask questions and get advice.

A new initiative, aiming to encourage residents and visitors to Hoddesdon to work more closely with their local police, is being launched on Wednesday, June 19.

Operation Parousia is the creation of the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) and Wednesday will see SNT officers out in force in the town. They will be joined by colleagues from the Operation Scorpion team.

Officers will be conducting both high-visibility, uniformed patrols as well as non-uniformed ones. Other covert resources will also be deployed.

There's also an opportunity for residents and visitors to the town to meet with their local officers.

Between 10.30am and 4pm a stall will be set up in the town centre where members of the public can raise any concerns, ask questions and receive crime prevention advice and useful freebies.

Hoddesdon SNT PC Callum Wallace organised the operation. He said: "This operation isn't in response to any particular spike in crime, but does reflect the need for the entire community to work with us to help keep the area a safe place to live, work and visit.

"Overt and covert patrols continue in the area, which I hope will act as both reassurance to our communities and a deterrent to anyone considering committing crime. You might not always see us, but we are around."

As well as utilising a range of tactics to deter and disrupt criminal activity, Operation Parousia aims to encourage members of the public to contact police as soon as they have any concerns so officers can respond without delay.

Future deployment of officers under Operation Parousia in Broxbourne will continue, but will be unannounced and deliberately unpredictable, for example using a range of overt and covert tactics at different times and locations. This is to maximise the disruption caused to those planning to commit criminal activity.

Hoddesdon SNT Sergeant James Lacey said: "We rely on the public to help us fight crime and tackle anti-social behaviour. A single call to us about suspicious behaviour could be all it takes to prevent someone becoming a victim.

"As part of this we've been working with the Love Hoddesdon Business Improvement District (BID) team who are fully supporting this initiative.

"They will be encouraging all local businesses to back Operation Parousia and its key message - it's your community, your police and your call that will make the difference."

Love Hoddesdon BID Manager Tony Cox said: "Local businesses welcome this initiative and will work with the police in any way they can to ensure that crime and anti-social behaviour levels in Hoddesdon town centre are kept low and it remains a nice town for local residents, shoppers and other visitors to enjoy."
