```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-burglary-in-watford-1152
```

* ### On Wednesday 4 December, a property in Briar Road was broken into.

 * ### Several items were stolen, including bank documents, mobile phones, jewellery and cash.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

On Wednesday 4 December, a property in Briar Road was broken into between 1.45pm and 6.30pm. The suspect(s) had gained entry by smashing a window.

A messy search had been conducted, and several items were found to be missing, including a European Health Insurance card, bank documents, two Samsung mobile phones, and various pieces of jewellery. Cash was also stolen.

Detective Constable Jonathan Holmes, who is investigating the case, said: "If you were in the area at the time, and believe that you may have witnessed the event or witnessed someone behaving suspiciously, please get in contact. Any information, no matter how minor it may seem, could be key to us solving a case.

"I'd also like to ask for anyone who was driving in the area at the time who has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle to review their footage. If you have anything you could assist with our investigation, please send it to us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Holmes directly via email at _Jonathan.Holmes@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/109266/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
