```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft of bank cards in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following theft of bank cards \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-of-bank-cards-watford-1815C
```

* ### Do you recognise the people pictured? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into a bank card theft.

 * ### It happened on St Albans Road at 12.50pm on Sunday, August 19.

 * ### If you know those pictured, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/28979/18.

Officers investigating a theft of bank cards in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in St Albans Road at 12.50pm on Sunday, August 19.

The victim, a man in his 70s, was using a cash machine when he was approached by a number of men who stood either side of him.

They asked him whether he was having trouble using the machine, and advised him to insert another card.

He did so before entering his PIN, and the men then left the scene. The victim was then approached by a member of the public who advised him that they had witnessed the men stealing both of his bank cards.

The victim called his bank and confirmed that the cards had been used at the Tesco Express cash machine on St Albans Road, and £500 had been withdrawn from each account.

PC Marko Mandic, who is investigating, said: "I am very keen to identify the three men pictured as I believe they will have vital information that could assist with my investigation.

"The victim trusted that the offenders were trying to help him, when instead they stole his cards and then £1,000 from his bank accounts.

"If you recognise the people pictured, please make contact with us as soon as possible."

If you know the people pictured, or have any further information, please contact PC Mandic by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/28979/18 or reporting information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form.No Personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
