```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The Safer Neighbourhood Team in Welwyn Hatfield are supporting the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council\u2019s anti-speeding campaign, which began this week."
publish:
  date: 26 May 2020
title: "Officers gear up for fortnight of action against speeding \u2013 Welwyn Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-gear-up-for-fortnight-of-action-against-speeding-welwyn-hatfield-0160
```

* ### Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team officers are preparing to support a national fortnight of action against speeding.

 * ### They will be carrying out speed checks in numerous hotspot locations that have been identified by members of the public through our feedback portal echo.

 * ### They will be reminding drivers to slow down, save lives and 'drive to arrive'.

The Safer Neighbourhood Team in Welwyn Hatfield are supporting the National Police Chiefs' Council's anti-speeding campaign, which began this week.

The campaign aims to tackle the challenges of motorists making a gradual return to the county's roads following the Government's relaxation of travel restrictions. Officers will be reminding drivers to slow down in order to save lives.

From Monday 25 May, the Welwyn Hatfield SNT will be stepping up their speed enforcement activity and focusing on known speeding hotspots.

The locations were decided by utilising information that had come through via our public feedback portal 'echo'. You can use echo to tell us at any time what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Welwyn Hatfield residents highlighted several areas where they felt a police presence was needed to enforce speed limits, and SNT officers have used the feedback to plan their anti-speeding operations

Inspector Kash Hussain, who leads the Safer Neighbourhood Teams in Welwyn Hatfield, said: "During lockdown, roads across the county were considerably quieter as people adjusted to the Government restrictions. With most people working from home or being furloughed, there have been less cars on the road - especially during usual rush hour commute times.

"Unfortunately, the lack of cars on the roads seems to have given a small number of motorists a false sense of security, which has resulted in an increase in instances of speeding. This is unacceptable, and we are in the process of addressing this issue.

"With some people now starting to return to work, and the Government making it clear we are able to drive to a location to exercise, it's very important that everyone takes extra care when driving as the roads begin to get more populated.

"The easiest way to make sure you are driving safely is to reduce your speed, ensuring that you're driving within the designated speed limits at all times, consider fellow motorists and adjust your driving to the conditions and circumstances. Driving at an appropriate speed means you have more time to react to potential dangers and vulnerable road users, such as cyclists, motorcyclists and pedestrians crossing the road. It could be the difference in saving a life. Please, drive to arrive."

If you would like to report an incident of anti-social driving, you can do so by using our online portal here.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield and what you think we should be focusing on using echo. We will use your feedback to help shape future campaigns and operations, and to set our policing priorities. Simply click the link that is relevant to where you live and let us know your thoughts.

**Welwyn Hatfield** - bit.ly/police-welhat
**Welwyn Garden City** - bit.ly/echo-wgc
**Welwyn Hatfield North** - bit.ly/police-whnorth
**Welwyn Hatfield South** - bit.ly/police-whsouth
**Welwyn Hatfield West** - bit.ly/police-whwest
