```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: New Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman started his career as a Special Constable in 2000, after studying Criminology at University.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2019
title: Meet new St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-new-stalbans-neighbourhood-inspector-2424f
```

New Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman started his career as a Special Constable in 2000, after studying Criminology at University.

He replaced Inspector Jon Roche, who has been promoted to Roads Policing Chief Inspector, on January 7.

He said: "I really enjoyed being part of the Safer Neighbourhood Team in the early part of my career and am pleased to have a public facing role again. I enjoy resolving long-term problems and working in partnership with other agencies.

"I was especially pleased to be offered this position in St Albans as I liked the variety of issues facing the district. I've been meeting with colleagues in the community safety unit at St Albans City and District Council, housing associations and schools. I am currently working on addressing the problem of street drinkers, begging and homelessness with the council and homeless charities and thefts from motor vehicles - residents still are not securely locking their cars and then are surprised their belongings have been stolen. I am also particularly keen to do further work with schools to help prevent knife crime escalating like it is in other parts of the country. I know St Albans well and my mentor was previous St Albans Chief Inspector Shane O'Neill."

He continued: "St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney are great places to live but unfortunately they do attract criminals, many opportunist. My job is to stop lower level anti-social behaviour escalating into more serious crime. Whilst we can put things in place to stop and deter crime, we need members of the public to help us. It's important that the community feel some ownership in their neighbourhoods for crime prevention. Simple things like reporting suspicious incidents, investing in home security and removing valuables from their cars go a long way to making St Albans a less appealing place for criminals to operate."

Insp Wiseman's previous role for the last 18 months was heading up the Resource Management Unit, where he was responsible for making sure the right staff with the right skills were in the right place across the county and tri-force alliance. He has also been involved in planning and resourcing a number of high-profile visits including President Trump, major investigations and the World Cup.

Insp Wiseman, joined Hertfordshire as a police constable in 2003 - three years after completing his special constable role (volunteer with full police powers). He said: "I'd thoroughly recommend gaining experience as a special constable - it gives you excellent training and experience and the confidence to join up as a regular."

During his career, he has worked in Intervention (responding to 999 calls), custody on promotion to Sergeant, Local Crime Unit (dealing with robberies and burglaries), Cell Intervention Team interviewing prisoners and Operational Support Group who are especially trained to deal with public order situations and carry out proactive operations, such as drugs and search warrants.

Speaking about the highlights of his career, he said: "I was one of the first officers to arrive at the Buncefield explosion in Hemel Hempstead in 2005, provided mutual aid at the Olympics and was called to help during the London riots. These are such unusual opportunities but it is all about helping people."

Insp Wiseman is the secretary of the Hertfordshire Constabulary Historical Society and has recently had a book published called, 'The History of Police Stations in Hertfordshire'. A limited number of copies are available through the Police Federation on 01707 638096.

Follow the Safer Neighbourhood Teams on Twitter **@StAlbansPolice @HarpendenPolice @LdnColneyPolice** or **@StAlbansChief** or on Facebook under **St Albans Community Safety Partnership.**

If you would like to receive emails about crime in your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) or speak to your local PCSO.

Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman
