```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Pupils from Paul Pope Catholic Primary School marched into assembly last week (Thursday April 4) to receive certificates for successfully completing the Mini Police scheme.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: Mini Police Parade at Paul Pope in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Mini-Police-Parade-at-Paul-Pope-in-Potters-Bar-0066F
```

Pupils from Paul Pope Catholic Primary School marched into assembly last week (Thursday April 4) to receive certificates for successfully completing the Mini Police scheme.

The eight week course was co-ordinated by Potters Bar Neighbourhood Sergeant Noel Buckley with support from PCSOs Cheryll Lavell and Carl Rowson.

Sergeant Buckley said: "We spent a lot of time planning the lessons which covered the law, how to be a responsible citizen and the consequences of crime and anti-social behaviour. The Year 5 pupils have been a real credit to their school by throwing themselves into the activities, including speed checks outside the school. It was really interesting to hear from drivers who said it was more impactive when the children spoke to them about their speed after being safely stopped by a police officer, than receiving a warning letter or speeding ticket from the police.

"The children also learnt about police equipment and vehicles and took part in drill training. The pupils have really enjoyed the sessions and feedback from the teachers and school governors has been really positive."

He added: "We hope they take on board advice about how to keep themselves and their property safe and understand the devastating consequences of getting involved in drugs or knife crime. We hope to see some budding police recruits in the future."

Year 5 teacher Nicola Lines said: "Mini Police has been a wonderful opportunity for the children to engage with our local police force. They have taken part in a range of activities to explore the different aspects of policing. Not only has it been fun, but the children have gained confidence and developed a greater understanding of how to be a better citizen."

The scheme is currently being taught at The Wroxham School in Potters Bar and is also being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

Police and Crime Commissioner Lloyd added: "This is a fantastic scheme which engages young people and gives them lots of training and information to keep them safe. I was pleased to be able to fund a countywide roll-out of the scheme so that even more children can take advantage of this programme.
