```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Rickmansworth have released images of two women that they would like to speak to, as they believe that they may have information which could assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-rickmansworth-0899
```

* ### The incident happened at around 2.25pm in the Co-Operative store on New Road, Croxley Green

 * ### Multiple items were stolen, including meat, medicine and alcohol

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with any information to get in contact

Officers investigating a theft in Rickmansworth have released images of two women that they would like to speak to, as they believe that they may have information which could assist with their investigation.

The incident happened at around 2.25pm in the Co-Operative store on New Road, in Croxley Green, on Monday 30 September.

Multiple items were stolen, including meat, medicine and alcohol.

PCSO Ross Huegdon, from the Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We hope to talk to the women seen in the photos, as we believe that they may have information that could help us with our enquiries.

"Please get in touch if you recognise them, or if you have any information."

Anyone with any information can contact PCSO Huegdon directly at ross.huegdon@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/88910/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
