```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men who were part of an organised drug network have been jailed for almost 30 years.
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2020
title: Three drug gang members jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-drug-gang-members-jailed-0724
```

* ### Three men jailed for their part in a drug supply network

 * ### The men were involved in a gang dealing cocaine in Hertfordshire

 * ### They were sentenced to nearly 30 years in prison

Three men who were part of an organised drug network have been jailed for almost 30 years.

The men were arrested in October after a drugs warrant was served at Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School in Elstree, following an investigation into a drug network operating in Hertfordshire.

Three men were subsequently charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs, cocaine and amphetamine. During the course of the operation a kilo of cocaine was discovered at the school and two kilos of cocaine were seized at a hotel in the Wirral where one of the men was staying. Around £100,000 in cash was also recovered.

The three men appeared at St Alban's Crown Court on Wednesday 7 October all pleading guilty. They were:

 * Justin Terry, 45, former caretaker at the boys' school, sentenced to 8 years for conspiracy to supply class A.
 * Martin Walsh, 54, from Churchfields Road, Watford, sentenced to 8 years for conspiracy to supply class A.
 * Philip Blackburn, 38, from Mimas Road, Hemel Hempstead, sentenced to 10 years and 2 months for conspiracy to supply class A.

Detective Chief Inspector Doug Black, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Group said: "Following a long running investigation, we covertly watched and gathered evidence on this crime group who were supplying drugs in the county and beyond. The sentences handed out will have a major impact on the supply of drugs within Hertfordshire and will also make the county and safer place for those living here. Those involved have been sentenced to date to more than 30 years in prison, and will no longer pose a threat to the community, a further six defendants are awaiting sentence. We will be acting to seize any assets that have been accumulated with illegal funds under the Proceeds of Crime Act to ensure that they do not profit further from their crimes.

"Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

You can report information about a drug dealing and other crime online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact. You also call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

**Help and support for those with drug addiction:**

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00 or visiting www.talktofrank.com.

** **

Philip Blackburn

Justin Terry

Martin Walsh
