```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans have released two images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following a burglary \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-a-burglary-StAlbans-1517F
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a burglary in St Albans.

 * ### It happened overnight between Thursday, December 28 and Friday, December 29.

 * ### If you know this person, please call 101 quoting crime reference F1/17/6183.

Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans have released two images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

The incident happened on London Road between 11.30pm on Thursday, December 28 and 4.50am on Friday, December 29.

Between these times, offender(s) have removed one of the property's kitchen windows before entering the address.

They took a coat and a set of car keys to a brown BMW convertible on the driveway before leaving and taking the car. The car has not yet been traced.

Detective Constable Ben McGregor, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "We are doing all we can to trace those responsible for this crime. Do you recognise the man pictured? He may have information that could assist us with our enquiries.

"If you know him, please call us on 101, quoting crime reference F1/17/6183, or report information online."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV appeal following burglary
