```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Bushey have released images of several items that were stolen.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2019
title: "Photos of stolen jewellery released following burglary \u2013 Bushey"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/photos-of-stolen-jewellery-released-following-burglary-bushey-2485
```

* ### Do you recognise these stolen items?

 * ### They were taken during a burglary in Bushey on January 15

 * ### If you have any information please contact police as soon as possible

Officers investigating a burglary in Bushey have released images of several items that were stolen.

It happened in Golf Close between 2pm and 6pm on Tuesday, January 15.

Offender(s) gained entry to the rear garden before smashing a patio door and searching the property.

They stole several items of jewellery, a number of watches, a brand new LG television, an iPad Air and various perfumes.

Detective Constable Stuart Keene, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "A number of the items of jewellery that were taken were of sentimental value, so by releasing these photographs I hope it enables members of the public to look out for them. Perhaps you have seen them for sale online, or in a local Facebook group?

"We are also appealing to anyone who witnessed suspicious activity in Golf Close or the vicinity on January 15. Do you live nearby and have CCTV installed at your property? We would be keen to view your footage so please get in touch."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Keene on _stuart.keene@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/4904/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

Have you seen these stolen items?
