```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Rural crime will become business as usual for St Albans officers following a new rural strategy that has been developed by the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2018
title: What we are doing to tackle rural crime in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/what-we-are-doing-to-tackle-rural-crime-in-st-albans-0331F
```

* ### Tackling rural crime will become business as usual.

 * ### St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek and Inspector Roche have been engaging with farmers and landowners.

 * ### Residents encouraged to join schemes like Rural Watch and Heritage Watch via the Online watch Link (OWL) at www.owl.co.uk.

Rural crime will become business as usual for St Albans officers following a new rural strategy that has been developed by the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector.

Inspector Jon Roche explained: "The St Albans Community Safety Partnership (CSP) contains many large rural areas and we have a thriving rural community. But sadly crime in these areas is on the increase. So we have been engaging and listening to our local farmers and landowners to see how the police can work more effectively to help reduce rural crime and have now put together a bespoke strategy to deal with rural crime in our CSP.

He said: "As part of our new strategy we are training more officers to deal with rural crime. We already have one dedicated Rural and Wildlife Officer PC Jane Flemons, who has dealt with many rural crime issues with the support from our Rural Operational Support Team (ROST), but we now need more specialist officers like her.

"Rural issues include loose horses, plant theft and hare coursing, which can have a very damaging effect on our communities. Fly-tipping, which is one of the biggest problems facing the rural community costs the council via the taxpayer hundreds of thousands of pounds every year."

He added "When a crime occurs in a rural area it has the potential to have a significant impact not only on the victim themselves but in many case their livelihood and the community as a whole, like an acquisitive crime committed within an urban area. We have put special measures in place to fully equip our officers to deal with victims of rural crime and catch offenders."

As part of the strategy, which complements the Police and Crime Commissioner's Community Safety Justice Plan, which puts 'victims at the centre' and is 'public focussed', we will be working with St Albans City and District Council and the National Farmers' Union. However, rural crime is organised, often involving cross-border criminals, so we are looking outside of Hertfordshire for best practice."

St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek and Inspector Roche have been engaging with farmers and landowners in St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney to see how the police can work more effectively to help reduce rural crime.

Inspector Roche added: "Barn meetings have previously been well-attended and more may be set up. We will also be using four by four vehicles and utilising technology to catch offenders. I hope that victims of rural crime will feel more confident in reporting crime to us knowing that they will be taken seriously and join schemes like Rural Watch and Heritage Watch via the Online watch Link (OWL) or speak to their local officer about receiving emails about crime happening in their local area. We would also encourage landowners to invest in security measures, like CCTV, where possible as a deterrent."
