```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious injury road traffic collision near London Colney earlier today (Friday, May 11) are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 May 2018
title: "Appeal following serious injury road traffic collision \u2013 London Colney"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-injury-road-traffic-collision-London-Colney
```

* ### Did you witness serious road traffic collision on Bell Lane, London Colney?

 * ### It happened just after 5.30pm on Friday, May 11

 * ### Call 101 quoting ISR 619 of May 11 if you have any information

Officers investigating a serious injury road traffic collision near London Colney earlier today (Friday, May 11) are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on the B556 Bell Lane, south of London Colney and opposite the entrance to the De Havilland Aircraft Heritage Musuem, just after 5.30pm.

For reasons unknown at this stage, a blue Audi A3 and a white and silver Honda CBR 600 were in collision.

The motorcyclist, a man in his 30s, has suffered a serious head injury as a result of the collision and has been airlifted to a London hospital. His next of kin have been made aware and are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers. The driver of the Audi, a woman, suffered minor injuries.

Sergeant Will Hood, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are working hard to piece together what happened in the lead up to the collision and have closed the road to conduct a thorough investigation at the scene. Many people would have been making their way home from work at the time so there would have been a fair volume of traffic.

"We are asking members of the public who witnessed what happened, or saw the vehicles involved prior to the collision, and have not yet spoken to us to please call us on 101 or report online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting ISR 619 of May 11.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
