```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB) Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: Closure Order secured on a property in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-a-property-in-hatfield-0162b
```

* ### The property - a house in Hillfield - was investigated following reports of suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

 * ### No-one, except the occupant, can enter the flat for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

 * ### Anyone with information about ASB or drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details at www.herts.police.uk/Report or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB) Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a house in Hillfield - was investigated following reports of suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour.

St Albans Magistrates' Court granted the closure order yesterday (Thursday, May 3). It means that no-one, except the occupant, can enter the house for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

 1. That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
 2. That the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
 3. That there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises

PC John Phelan, from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit, said: "ASB will not be tolerated in Welwyn Hatfield. We work very closely with officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion* to ensure the local community do not have to endure ASB and the negative impact it has on their quality of life. If there is suspected drug related activity or continuing ASB from your home then you could be the next target."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

*Operation Scorpion officers work in a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime - such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences - by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.
