```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for a key witness to a serious road traffic collision on the A10 to come forward.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2018
title: Appeal for key witness to come forward following serious collision on A10
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-key-witness-to-come-forward-following-serious-collision-on-A10-1569A
```

* ### Police investigating a serious collision that occurred on the A10 are appealing for a key witness to make contact.

 * ### A ten year old boy suffered life changing injuries in the collision.

 * ### Following the collision an anonymous witness provided information via a phone call made from the Cheshunt area.

 * ### Officers urgently need to speak to him again.

Officers are appealing for a key witness to a serious road traffic collision on the A10 to come forward.

The collision, which has left a ten year old boy with life changing injuries, happened on the bypass near Rush Green on Sunday, July 16 last year (2017), on the southbound carriageway between the Rush Green roundabout and Great Amwell, at around 6.50pm.

For reasons unknown at this stage a Peugeot 206, pictured, left the carriageway and came to rest in a field.

PC Grant Duke from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Three children were passengers in the Peugeot at the time of the collision and one suffered serious face and head injuries, which he continues to recover from today. A second child, aged 11, and a front seat adult passenger suffered fractures. While a third child, aged 13, and adult driver suffered minor injuries.

"Following the collision we received information from a witness via a phone call made from the Cheshunt area. We believe this man has information that is key to the investigation and we need to urgently speak to him.

"I would like to reassure this person that you do not need to give me your details and you will not have to go to court but it is vital that I speak to you. Please contact me via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 665 of July 16, 2017, or email.

"I would also urge anyone else who believes they have information that could help the investigation, no matter how small, to get in touch as soon as possible."

 * A 46 year old man from Harlow, who was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving in connection with the incident, has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Peugeot 206
