```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A large amount of cocaine and an estimated \xA370,000 in cash was seized during two warrants executed in Abbots Langley."
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2020
title: Two arrested during warrants in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-during-warrants-in-abbots-langley-0450c
```

* ## Two people were arrested during warrants simultaneously executed at addresses in Abbots Langley.

 * ## Class A drugs and £70,000 in cash were seized from both properties as evidence.

 * ## The warrants were conducted by officers from the Operational Support Group.

A large amount of cocaine and an estimated £70,000 in cash was seized during two warrants executed in Abbots Langley.

Under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, officers from Hertfordshire's Operational Support Group (OSG) forced entry to two addresses in the village simultaneously - one on the High Street and the other in Bedmond Road - just after 8am on Friday 17 July.

They searched the properties and both drugs and cash were discovered at both addresses before being seized as evidence.

A 50 year old man from Abbots Langley was arrested on suspicion of money laundering and possession with intent to supply class A drugs as part of the operation. A 41 year old woman, also from Abbots Langley, was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. They have both been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Sergeant David Perkins, who led the warrants, said: "Operations like this are only possible when we receive vital intelligence direct from our communities, and we would not have been able to achieve these results without it.

"Drugs ruin lives and we are dedicated to cracking down on those who choose to deal in Hertfordshire. If you suspect illegal drug supply in your area then please report it to us directly, or anonymously via Crimestoppers. We will take notice and we will act."

If you have information about suspected drug activity in your neighbourhood, you can report it online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
