```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Stevenage\u2019s different policing teams attended Nobel School on Monday (December 10) to run a special anti-knife crime initiative."
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2018
title: Knife arch visit for Stevenage School
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife-arch-visit-for-stevenage-school-2224E
```

* ### Anti - knife crime presentation piloted at Stevenage School.

 * ### Year 10 pupils use knife arch.

 * ### Different police teams hold workshops to educate pupil about the dangers and consequences of carrying a knife.

Officers from Stevenage's different policing teams attended Nobel School on Monday (December 10) to run a special anti-knife crime initiative.

The day started with all Year 10 pupils entering the school via a knife arch, designed to detect any metal objects that may be being carried into the premises.

The pupils then listened to a series of presentations which were given by officers from the Children and Young Person Team, Operation Scorpion, Safer Neighbourhood Team and detectives from the Local Crime Unit.

"This is just one of the initiatives we are rolling out across the town to try to educate young people about the dangers and consequences of carrying knives and other bladed weapons," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Nic Achilleos.

The series of informative and engaging workshops was arranged by Detective Constable Graham Anness from the Local Crime Unit. He added: "Like the rest of the county, Stevenage has seen an increase in the amount of crimes reported which involve knives and addressing this issues is a policing priority for us. We are trying to prevent these types of crimes occurring and have a range of educational initiatives which we are rolling out to cover all age groups. The day was a great success".

Headmaster for Nobel School Martyn Henson added: "We are very grateful to the officers for running this initiative today. As we have seen across the Country, carrying a knife can lead to tragedy, we are determined to keep Nobelians safe at all times."
