```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Hatfield have released images of a number of war medals that were stolen.
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2018
title: "Images of stolen war medals released \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-of-stolen-war-medals-released-hatfield-1692
```

* ### Three war medals were stolen from a property in Stockbreach Close, Hatfield

 * ### It happened between Tuesday, August 14 and Monday, August 20

 * ### If you have seen items matching the description being sold anywhere, we would be keen to hear from you

Officers investigating a burglary in Hatfield have released images of a number of war medals that were stolen.

It happened in Stockbreach Close sometime between Tuesday, August 14 and Monday, August 20.

Between these dates, offender(s) gained access to the property by smashing a downstairs window.

They searched the property before taking a number of war medals, which belonged to the victim's late father and grandfather, and some coins before leaving the scene.

Detective Sergeant Malcolm Dey, who is investigating, said: "The items that have been stolen have huge sentimental value and simply cannot be replaced.

"I want to reassure the victim that we are doing all we can to trace the person or people responsible for this burglary.

"I am asking that people be aware and to contact me if they see items matching the ones in the photographs for sale on social media selling groups, or displayed in antique or pawn shops.

"Equally, if you saw any suspicious activity in the area between the dates stated, please email me at _malcolm.dey@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/29421/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report"

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
