```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Local Crime Unit in Stevenage are investigating an incident in Bedwell Park in which a 49 year-old man was stabbed in the thigh.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2019
title: Police seek witnesses to Bedwell Park Assault
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-seek-witnesses-to-bedwell-park-assault-0460e
```

* Altercation in Bedwell Park between two men results in one man being stabbed in the thigh.
 * Police believe the two men are known to each other and argued before one was assaulted.
 * Local officers appeal for other people in the park to come forward with information.

Detectives from the Local Crime Unit in Stevenage are investigating an incident in Bedwell Park in which a 49 year-old man was stabbed in the thigh.

The assault is reported to have occurred between 8pm and 9pm on Thursday 4 July, at the rear of the shops, very close to the main park area. An argument is thought to have broken out between the victim and the offender, who are believed to be known to each other, and one man stabbed the other in the thigh.

Investigating officer DC Kathryn Pink said: "There were still a lot of people in the park at the time of the assault and we are hoping that someone might have witnessed the incident or seen the men arguing prior to it.

"If you recognise the men or have any information that could help our inquiry please contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information should contact PC Kathryn Pink via email Kathryn.Pink@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/60523/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
