```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A number of drivers were issued with Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) during an operation by police in Chorleywood.
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2018
title: Traffic operation in Chorleywood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/traffic-operation-in-chorleywood-2138c
```

* ### Police had received numerous complaints about drivers contravening road signs.

 * ### Five people were issued with TORs.

 * ### Drivers were also given advice about vehicle defects.

A number of drivers were issued with Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) during an operation by police in Chorleywood.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team carried out the action on Friday morning (November 23) following numerous complaints about drivers contravening a road traffic sign at the junction 18 exit slip road of the M25.

PC Christian Gottmann said: "We have received several complaints from members of the public about this sign being regularly contravened. Despite being clearly marked as right turn only, drivers are using the right hand lane to turn left.

"Road signs are there for a reason and flouting them could put you or other road users at risk of serious injury. We take these matters seriously and will not hesitate to take action where necessary."

Five people were issued with TORs during the morning, for contravening a road sign and driving without due care and attention. They now face a fine and/or points on their licence.

Several drivers were also given Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme notices for having faulty lights on their vehicles.

PC Gottmann continued: "During the operation we noted several vehicles with faulty lights. It is vitally important to keep vehicles in full working order, especially during the darker and colder months. Before you set off on your journey, please check that all lights are clean and working and check the condition, tread depth and pressure of your tyres."
