```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in East Herts are cracking down on anti-social driving in the Tesco Car Park in Ware, following numerous complaints from local residents.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2018
title: Anti-Social driving in Tesco car park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/anti-social-driving-in-tesco-car-park-1757A
```

* ### Police target anti-social drivers in Tesco Car Park.

 * ### Young drivers meet after the store has closed.

 * ### Local residents affected by noise and dangerous driving.

Police in East Herts are cracking down on anti-social driving in the Tesco Car Park in Ware, following numerous complaints from local residents.

The problem seems to start after the store has closed at around 10pm, when young motorists then arrive and start driving in an anti-social manner in the car park and on the surrounding roads.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Michael Clark said: "We are working with Tesco to address the problem and make the car park more secure. However we will also be taking a hard line with anyone caught committing road traffic offences in the area and this will include excess noise.

"This problem is having a serious impact on the quality of life for local residents and we will be paying attention to this area in our regular patrols. Anyone caught driving anti-socially or committing a road traffic offence will be dealt with accordingly. This could involve a fine, points on a licence, a criminal record or even seizure of the vehicle."

If you witness anyone driving in anti-social manner please take as many details as you can and report via the non-emergency number 101, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
