```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating an assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford town centre are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2018
title: "Appeal following assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford town centre"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-bishops-stortford-town-centre-2217a
```

* ### A man in his 20s was punched in the face in Jackson Square, Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### The victim was thankfully uninjured.

 * ### It's believed there were a number of potential witnesses to the assault.

Police investigating an assault in Bishop's Stortford town centre are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred at around 3.30pm on Sunday, November 25 in the Jackson Square shopping centre near the travellators.

The victim - a man in his 20s, who was in company of a woman in her 20s - was walking away from Sainsbury's, down the travellator when at the bottom he was punched in the face.

PC Neil Randall is investigating the incident and said: "Thankfully the victim was uninjured, but this type of behaviour is completely unacceptable.

"It's believed there were a number of members of the public around at the time of the incident and I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed what happened - the incident itself, or the events prior to or after it."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Randall or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/59616/18. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
