```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an aggravated burglary in Rickmansworth are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2019
title: Aggravated burglary in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/aggravated-burglary-in-rickmansworth-md2442
```

* **On Friday, January 25, four men broke into a property in Chorleywood Road and made threats to the occupant**
 * **The offenders stole a quantity of jewellery and cash**
 * **Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/8258/19**

Officers investigating an aggravated burglary in Rickmansworth are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

Between 6pm and 6.14pm on Friday, January 25, four men broke into a property in Chorleywood Road and made threats to the occupant as one offender was holding a screwdriver.

They entered at the rear of the property via the driveway and stole a quantity of jewellery and a quantity of cash.

The men are described as white, about 6 ft. tall, wearing black clothing, gloves and balaclavas, and one man was holding a pole.

DC Nicola Stewart from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit said: "This incident has understandably left the victim, a woman in her 50s, quite shaken but luckily not physically hurt, and she is receiving specialist support.

"We are extremely keen to track down the men involved and we have stepped up patrols in the area as a result.

"I want to reassure people that this appears to be a totally isolated incident and aggravated burglaries are very uncommon."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Stewart on _nicola.stewart@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/8258/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
