```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers uncovered a cannabis factory following information provided by the community in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2019
title: Cannabis factory discovered thanks to information from the public in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cannabis-factory-discovered-thanks-to-information-from-the-public-in-Hemel-Hempstead-0096
```

* ### Acting on information from the public, officers uncovered a cannabis factory in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### More than 500 plants were found in the bedrooms and loft at the house in Fernville Lane.

 * ### A young male was also found at the address and detained.

 * ### He is believed to be the victim of human trafficking and modern day slavery and is being looked after by the relevant authorities.

Officers uncovered a cannabis factory following information provided by the community in Hemel Hempstead.

On Thursday (April 11), officers carried out enquiries at an address in Fernville Lane where they discovered more than 500 plants in the bedrooms and loft.

The property was entered under Section 17 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act and the plants were seized.

A young male found at the address was detained and is believed to have been the victim of human trafficking and modern day slavery. He is being looked after by the relevant authorities and enquiries are on-going to identify those involved.

Sergeant David Perkins said: "This substantial cannabis factory was discovered thanks to the information provided to us by the community of Hemel Hempstead. We depend on members of the public to report suspicious activity in their neighbourhoods, such as the cultivation of drugs or drug dealing, so that we can take positive action.

"Anyone with information about criminal activity can contact us via the non-emergency number 101 or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _. If you 'd prefer to remain 100 per cent anonymous you can call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at _www.crimestoppers-uk.org."

**What is Modern Slavery and human trafficking?**

Modern slavery includes human trafficking, slavery, domestic servitude, forced or compulsory labour and sexual exploitation. It can affect anyone regardless of age, ethnicity, nationality, gender or economic background. They are usually vulnerable and criminals target them in order to coerce them into forced or exploitative work.

To find out more about spotting the signs of modern slavery and how to report concerns visit https://www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Modern-slavery/Modern-slavery
