```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has a new Sergeant in post covering Welwyn Hatfield South.
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2019
title: Meet your new Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Welwyn Hatfield South
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-new-safer-neighbourhood-sergeant-for-welwyn-hatfield-south-0640
```

* ### Sergeant James Stopford has been settling into the role over the past few weeks.

 * ### He joined the Constabulary in 2008, serving as a police community support officer (PCSO) in Rickmansworth

 * ### Sergeant Stopford is particularly keen for regular feedback from the residents of Welwyn Hatfield South.

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has a new Sergeant in post covering Welwyn Hatfield South.

Sergeant James Stopford has been settling into the role over the past few weeks.

Starting his policing service in 2008, Sergeant Stopford initially joined Hertfordshire Constabulary as a police community support officer (PCSO) in Rickmansworth.

In 2013, he moved to Watford and served as a police constable, covering central Watford and the town centre. During this time, he worked on both the intervention team (dealing with emergency 999 calls) and the SNT.

Sergeant Stopford said: "I joined the police service as I wanted a job where I could help people and I enjoyed the idea of doing something different everyday."

"I feel very lucky to have nice neighbours but sadly that is not the case for everyone and this is what motivates me in my role. Everyone deserves to feel safe and happy in their home and wider community. Working as part of an SNT means that you can really get to the heart of neighbourhood issues and find ways to fix them for the long-term."

Sergeant Stopford is particularly keen for regular feedback from the residents of Welwyn Hatfield South.

He continued: "It's important that the public come to us with their concerns so that we can tackle them. There's a number of ways you can get in touch with us - such as via the non-emergency number 101 or by talking to us on Twitter.

"The Constabulary has also recently introduced a new feedback service called echo and this will allow you to submit your views and opinions about policing in Welwyn Hatfield South at anytime. We'll review all comments, good or bad, to help keep you safe.

"I specifically requested to move to the SNT and I'm really looking forward to working with our local residents to make sure that Welwyn Hatfield South remains a safe and attractive place to live and work. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with myself and the team."

Sergeant Stopford lives in Leighton Buzzard with his wife and his two year old son. In his spare time, he enjoys watching his favourite football team, Watford Football Club.

_If you would like to receive emails about crime in Welwyn Hatfield South or your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link:www.owl.co.uk. _

_You can keep up to date with the Welwyn Hatfield South Team on Twitter: @WelHatSthPolice_

_To submit your views on echo, visitwww.bit.ly/police-whsouth or text 66099 with the word whsouth. _

_Welwyn Hatfield South covers the area set out in the map below. Copyright Google Maps._
