```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for the driver of a white pick-up truck who was in the Northchurch Common area on Sunday, January 13 to get in touch to help assist with the investigation into the murder of Luz Margory Isaza Villegas.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2019
title: 'Hemel Hempstead murder: Appeal to trace pick-up truck driver seen in area'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hemel-hempstead-murder-appeal-to-trace-pick-up-truck-driver-seen-in-area-2412d
```

* ### Police are appealing for the driver of a white pick-up truck who was seen arriving at Northchurch Common on Sunday, January 13, to please get in touch

 * ### The truck may have been a Ford Ranger or similar, and it is believed a man was driving the vehicle and had two dogs

 * ### If you are the driver police are tracing, or have any information, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Darmera

Police are appealing for the driver of a white pick-up truck who was in the Northchurch Common area on Sunday, January 13 to get in touch to help assist with the investigation into the murder of Luz Margory Isaza Villegas.

The pick-up truck may have been a Ford Ranger or similar, and was seen arriving at Northchurch Common between 3.30pm and 4pm.

It is believed the driver is a man who had two dogs with him.

The body of missing Hemel Hempstead woman Luz Margory Isaza Villegas was found in Northchurch Common on Thursday (January 17) following an extensive search.

Luz, aged 50, went missing from her home on Saturday, January 12.

Rodrigo Alberto Giraldo Tascon, aged 55, from Ritcroft Street in Hemel Hempstead appeared via a video link at St Albans Crown Court today (January 21), charged with her murder and preventing a lawful and proper burial. A plea date was set for April 5 and a provisional trial date for July 15.

If you are the driver of the pick-up truck, or have any information that could assist the investigation, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Darmera.

You can also report information online or speak to one of our operators in the Force Communications Room via web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
