```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) have set new priorities to focus on over the next three months.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2020
title: New policing priorities for Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-policing-priorities-for-welwyn-hatfield-1280
```

* ### On Wednesday 18 December, the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team held a priority setting forum

 * ### The priority setting forum allows police and councillors to discuss the issues which should be focused on

 * ### Welwyn Hatfield residents were also able to submit questions online throughout the meeting

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) have set new priorities to focus on over the next three months.

On Wednesday 18 December, the Welwyn Hatfield SNT held a priority setting forum to consult with local councillors about the pressing issues in the borough. The meeting was live-streamed on Twitter so that the public could watch online.

In addition, Welwyn Hatfield residents were able to submit questions online throughout the meeting.

Inspector Wayne Nash, who led the meeting, said: "I would like to thank everyone who took the time to submit their views. Your feedback is vital in shaping how we address local issues.

"We will continue working hard, focusing on these priorities and using the most appropriate responses from increasing patrols and warrants to working with local partners to tackle the root causes of problems.

"Many of you who responded cited drugs as a concern and I would like to reassure you that we do all we can to take drugs off the streets of Welwyn Hatfield and safeguard vulnerable victims. Please never hesitate to get in touch and report information about drug use and dealing.

"You can still let us know your views and opinions at any time by using our new public system called echo. You can give us instant, anonymous feedback about crime or anti-social behaviour and help shape how we address local issues in Welwyn Hatfield by using echo at bit.ly/police-welhat."

The following priorities have been set for Welwyn Hatfield:

_Welwyn Hatfield North_

(Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger)

 * Anti-social behaviour committed by young people in the Town Centre and Woodhall, including noise issues, theft and criminal damage
 * Residential burglaries and thefts from vehicles in Handside
 * Theft of bicycles in the Town Centre

_Welwyn Hatfield South_

(Hollybush, Cuffley, Howlands, Northaw, Hatfield East, Hatfield South, Welham Green, Brookmans Park and Little Heath)

 * Anti-Social Behaviour in Bradmore Green, Brookmans Park
 * Speeding in Station Road, Cuffley
 * Drug use and dealing in Welwyn Garden City

_Welwyn Hatfield West_

(Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire)

 * Drug Dealing in the Aviation Avenue/Mosquito Way area
 * Street drinking in Hatfield Town Centre
 * Keeping students safe (University of Hertfordshire)

The next priority setting forum will be on Wednesday 18 March and will be live-streamed on Twitter for the public to watch.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
