```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has welcomed its new Sergeant, Amy Stansbury.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2018
title: New Neighbourhood Sergeant for Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-neighbourhood-sergeant-for-oxhey-0613C
```

* ### Amy Stansbury took up the role last month.

 * ### She joined the Constabulary in 2009 and has spent her career working in the west of the county.

 * ### She is looking forward to working with the local community and partners.

Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has welcomed its new Sergeant, Amy Stansbury.

Amy fulfilled a long-held aspiration by joining the Constabulary as a PC in 2009. Prior to that she had spent a year working as a member of police staff in the Process and Collisions unit.

Her first role was with the Watford Intervention team (which responds to emergency calls) where she stayed for three years before transferring to Three Rivers.

In 2016, Amy was promoted to Sergeant and moved to cover Hemel Hempstead, before returning to Three Rivers at the start of July, to take up her first Safer Neighbourhood Team role.

The Constabulary's Safer Neighbourhood Teams work with local people and partners, such as local councils, housing associations and the fire and rescue service, to deter crime and anti-social behaviour and keep communities safe.

"I was ready for a change and I'm enjoying being back in Three Rivers," said mum-of-one Amy, who enjoys horse riding in her spare time. "It's nice to return to the place where I've completed most of my service.

"I'm looking forward to the challenges that the SNT brings and getting my teeth into solving the problems that matter to the community; working closely with our local partners will be a key part of this."

As part of her role, Amy is also responsible for overseeing the work of the district's Scorpion team, which works to tackle serious acquisitive crime such as burglary, robbery and drug activity.

She continued: "I'll be looking to get the SNT and Scorpion teams working even more closely together, to disrupt criminals and make Three Rivers a hostile place for them to operate."

If you have any issues you wish to discuss with the local neighbourhood team, you can email or call the non-emergency number 101.

###

Sergeant Amy Stansbury
