```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in St Albans have released an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 3 Jan 2020
title: CCTV appeal following robbery in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-st-albans-1232
```

* ### A man stole two gold rings from a market stall display in St Peters Street, St Albans.

 * ### A woman was pushed to the floor during the incident, sustaining a fracture to the wrist and bruised ribs.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward, and for anyone with any information to get in contact.

Officers investigating a robbery in St Albans have released an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigation.

On Wednesday 27 November, the victim was working on her stall on St Peters Street when she was approached by the suspect. The suspect picked up two gold rings from her display, before pushing her over and running away towards Holywell Hill.

PC David Vass, who is investigating, said: "The victim was understandably shaken up by this incident. She was left with painful injuries, including bruised ribs and a suspected fracture to her wrist. As well as this, she was also left out of pocket as her stock was stolen.

"I'm hoping that someone might be able to recognise the man pictured, as we believe that he was in the area at the time of the offence, and he might be able to help us with our enquiries.

"We are aware some time has passed since the incident, but if you do recognise him, or if you were in the area and witnessed the incident taking place or you have any information, please get in contact."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Vass directly via email at David.Vass@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/106935/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
