```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a robbery in Radlett are releasing images of the items stolen in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2020
title: Have you seen items stolen during robbery in Radlett?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-items-stolen-during-robbery-in-radlett-0889
```

* ## The robbery occurred on a footpath adjacent to Primrose Lane.

 * ## A Rolex, a wedding ring and cash were stolen.

 * ## Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police investigating a robbery in Radlett are releasing images of the items stolen in a bid to trace them.

At around 6.45pm on Sunday 25 October, a man aged in his 50s was walking along a footpath which runs adjacent to Primrose Lane, when he was approached by two men.

The men demanded cash from the victim before one of them revealed a knife.

As the victim handed over his cash, the men noticed he was wearing a Rolex watch and a wedding ring, which he was also told to hand over. He did so and ran off. The victim was not injured during the incident.

The men are described as white males, wearing black tracksuits with their hoods up and black face masks.

Detective Constable Jordan Carter, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries are continuing at this time to trace those involved in the incident. "Alongside these investigations we are appealing for the public's help to track down then stolen items. Have you seen them being offered for sale anywhere? If you have any information at all, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please email Detective Constable Jordan Carter.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/86135/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
