```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Chief Inspector Alicia Shaw has recently been appointed to lead policing in Stevenage
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2018
title: New Chief Inspector for Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-chief-inspector-for-stevenage-1592E
```

* ### New Chief Inspector appointed to lead policing in Stevenage.

 * ### Alicia Shaw has over 25 years with the Force .

 * ### Chief Inspector is delighted to be back.

Chief Inspector Alicia Shaw has recently been appointed to lead policing in Stevenage.

In her new role Alicia will be responsible for overseeing the work of the town's three Safer Neighbourhood Teams, Intervention Teams (which respond to 999 calls and emergency incidents) and the Local Crime Unit, which investigates incidents such as robbery and burglary.

Alicia joined Hertfordshire Constabulary over 25 years ago and during her career has fulfilled many key roles. She started her police journey as a patrol officer in North Herts and moved to Stevenage a few years later. Throughout her career Alicia has returned to Stevenage on many occasions, coming back as a Detective Sergeant and then again as a uniformed Inspector.

Alicia has spent most of her career working as a detective in numerous departments, including Major Crime where she worked on serious offences including murder investigations. She was also responsible for managing sex offenders in the county. More recently Alicia has worked as a Chief Inspector on the Local Change Team which looks at long term policing goals.

Commenting on her new role she said: "I am delighted to be back working in Stevenage, an area that I know very well. I am looking forward to working with our partners and the community to make Stevenage a safe place to live and work.

"I hope to build on the already well-established links we have within our communities so we can continue to all work together to tackle crime. I know the residents of Stevenage care about their town and I am impressed with the way they are always quick to respond to our appeals for help and information, I want to ensure that this continues.

"I am familiar with the diverse communities within Stevenage and I am greatly looking forward to overseeing policing in Stevenage."

Alicia grew up in Watford and has lived in Hertfordshire since she was a teenager.

New Chief Inspector for Stevenage
