```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a series of criminal damage to motor vehicles in Hitchin are appealing for witnesses, information, and CCTV or dashcam footage.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2020
title: Appeal following criminal damage to motor vehicles in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-to-motor-vehicles-in-hitchin-0861
```

* ### Between Tuesday 27 October and Wednesday 28 October, six vehicles were damaged in Hitchin.

 * ### Three streets were targeted - Berkeley Close, Oughton Head Way and Mattocke Road.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and CCTV or dashcam footage.

Officers investigating a series of criminal damage to motor vehicles in Hitchin are appealing for witnesses, information, and CCTV or dashcam footage.

Between Tuesday 27 October and Wednesday 28 October, six vehicles were targeted on three different streets in Hitchin.

 * **41/86874/20** - a grey Fiat was damaged in Berkeley Close
 * **41/86873/20** - a grey Audi was damaged in Oughton Head Way
 * **41/86877/20** - a grey Mini Cooper was damaged in Oughton Head Way
 * **41/86854/20** - a white Audi was damaged in Oughton Head Way
 * **41/87189/20** - a black Vauxhall was damaged in Mattocke Road
 * **41/87510/20** - a white Peugeot was damaged in Mattocke Road

The damage included scratches to the paintwork and slashed tyres.

Detective Constable Lesley Harmer, who is investigating, said: "Due to the similarities between the reported incidents, and the proximity of the areas in which they took place, we believe that these crimes were all committed by the same offender(s). These vehicles were all parked in residential streets overnight.

"If you live in Berkeley Close, Oughton Head Way or Mattocke Road, and believe you may have witnessed someone behaving suspiciously either during the late hours of Tuesday 27 October or the early hours of Wednesday 28 October, please get in touch.

"Alternatively, if you live in the area and have some sort of CCTV system installed to your property, or have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage in case you have something that may assist with our investigation. Any information, even something that may seem relatively minor, could be key to our enquiries."

If you have any information or relevant footage, you can send it to PCSO James Cruickshank, from the Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team, directly via email at _james.cruickshank@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
