```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a theft from a motor vehicle in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have released an image of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following theft from motor vehicle \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-from-motor-vehicle-bishops-stortford-2012
```

* ### Do you recognise this person? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into a theft from motor vehicle in Bishop's Stortford

 * ### It happened outside Sainsbury's in Thorley Neighbourhood Centre at 6pm on Monday, October 15

 * ### If you know them, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/46635/18

Officers investigating a theft from a motor vehicle in Bishop's Stortford have released an image of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened outside Sainsbury's in Thorley Neighbourhood Centre at 6pm on Monday, October 15.

The victim, a woman in her 80s, had completed her shopping at the store and walked to her car before putting her handbag on the front passenger seat.

She was approached by a man who told her that her car had been hit by a passing motorist, and that it had a scratch to the bumper.

The victim went to the rear of her vehicle where she told the man that the scratch was pre-existing damage. She then became aware of another man who was stood next to her vehicle.

Both men then walked off in the direction of the ATM cash points at the front of the supermarket.

The victim travelled home where she realised that her purse had been taken. She contacted her bank who confirmed £5,000 had been taken from her account, with some money withdrawn from a cash machine in Thorley.

PCSO Lucy Minns, from the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was a targeted attack on a vulnerable victim and I want to reassure her that we are doing all we can to track down the person or persons responsible.

"If you recognise the person pictured then we would be really keen to speak to you, as we believe they may have been in the area at the time and have information that could help progress our investigation."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PCSO Minns by emailing lucy.minns@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101 or reporting information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting crime reference 41/46635/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
