```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2020
title: "Indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/indecent-exposure-in-bishops-stortford-0404
```

* ### The incident occurred on a footpath between Sworders Field and Grange Paddocks.

 * ### A man had reportedly exposed himself while sitting on the river bank.

 * ### Anyone who has witnessed a similar incident is asked to contact police.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred at around 10am on Monday 29 June.

A woman was walking along the concrete footpath which runs adjacent to the River Stort and links Sworders Field to Grange Paddocks, when she saw a man sitting on the opposite bank of the river, who was indecently exposing himself.

The suspect is described as a white, middle aged male, of slim build and was wearing a khaki coloured hat and cream/beige trousers.

PC Louise Gibson, who is investigating, said: "This route is regularly used by members of the public and I am appealing for anyone else who thinks they may have seen this man to please get in contact with us.

"Patrols have been increased in the area and we are continuing to do all we can to identify anyone who may be involved in such incidents. If you witness anything similar please call 999 straight away."

Anyone with information is asked to email louise.gibson@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/50845/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
