```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man appeared in court on Friday July 13 charged with an assault in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 14 Jul 2018
title: Man charged in connection with assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-charged-in-connection-with-assault-in-Waltham-Cross-0519
```

* ## Man charged in connection with an assualt in Waltham Cross

 * ## Joveon Coleman, 19, from Mandeville Road, Enfield charged and remanded

 * ## Incident occurred in Waltham Cross High Street on July 11

A man appeared in court on Friday July 13 charged with an assault in Waltham Cross.

Joveon Coleman, 19, from Mandeville Road, Enfield, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court in connection with an assault which occurred at around 9.35pm on Wednesday July 11 in Waltham Cross High Street. He has been remanded into custody.

The incident occurred during an altercation between a group of men. A knife was recovered at the scene.

Chief Inspector for Broxbourne, Ian Butler, said: "My officers are cracking down on violent offending, particularly where weapons are used or threatened. My message is clear, if you carry a knife you risk immediate custody pending trial. If you have information as to those carrying knives, contact us and help keep our community safe."

Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to call the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference: 41/16844/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
