```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was attacked by a dog in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2020
title: Appeal following dog attack in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-dog-attack-in-borehamwood-270220
```

* ## A man was attacked by a dog in Aldenham Country Park on Thursday 20 February.

 * ## The attack resulted in the man needing surgery in hospital.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/16339/20.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was attacked by a dog in Borehamwood.

The incident happened in Aldenham Country Park on Thursday 20 February.

Between midday and 2pm, a man in his twenties was walking along a footpath when a black dog attacked him, ripping through his jeans and causing a serious injury to his groin area.

The woman who was walking the animal, along with five other dogs, took him to hospital but left before exchanging her details.

Sergeant Matthew Cann, from the Borehamwood and Elstree Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was a nasty attack, resulting in the victim needing surgery and stitches.

"The woman walking the dogs is described as being in her mid forties. She was accompanied by a teenage boy and the vehicle they travelled to the hospital in was a small white van.

"I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation. If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/16339/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

_ _
