```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-hatfield-1008
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Hatfield.

The incident happened on Sunday 13 December. At around 5.30pm, the victim - a 13 year old boy, was riding his bicycle along Lemsford Road towards The Common when he was approached by two males who blocked either side of him.

One of the offenders demanded the victim's phone and it was reported that the other was carrying a bladed weapon.

After taking the victim's phone, they made off on bicycles into the nearby underpass and they cycled along Cavendish Way towards the Galleria/Co-op direction.

Detective Sergeant Daniel Webb, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a frightening ordeal and we're carrying out extensive enquiries to trace the offenders. I am appealing for anyone who saw the robbery or anyone who has information to get in touch.

"In particular, I want to appeal to a woman who is believed to have walked past while the incident was unfolding. We believe the offenders tried to make out that they knew the victim so it's likely you walked past without realising anything was amiss. If this was you, we'd be grateful for you to get in touch as you could have vital information that will help our investigation.

"Anyone who can help should call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at daniel.webb@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/100119/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
