```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage after stones were thrown at a vehicle travelling northbound on the A1M in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2020
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-hatfield-0981b
```

* ## At around 10.30am on Monday 7 December, stones were thrown at a car travelling along the A1M in Hatfield.

 * ## The suspects are described as two males wearing dark clothing.

 * ## If you can help, call 101 or email PC Lee Rowson at lee.rowson@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/98245/20.

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage after stones were thrown at a vehicle travelling northbound on the A1M in Hatfield.

At around 10.30am on Monday 7 December, a 19 year old man was driving a black Renault Clio along the motorway when two males, who were on the bridge by Cavendish Road (junction three), threw stones at the car.

The windscreen was hit, causing a chip and a scratch.

PC Lee Rowson, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully no one was injured during the incident, but it could have easily been a very different story. This reckless behaviour could have resulted in a collision, either caused by the shock of the stones hitting the window or the fact that the driver's vision could have been impaired.

"I am concerned that the two suspects could be engaging in other similar anti-social behaviour and so it's really important that we find them and steer them away from this path.

"Both were described as wearing dark clothing. Were you driving along the motorway at the time? Or did you walk past them? Any information you have could be vital to our investigation.

"I particularly want to appeal to those who were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted to their vehicles. Please check it and let us know if you captured what happened or anything else that might help.

"Please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email PC Lee Rowson quoting crime reference 41/98245/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.

** **
