```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary engaged with some of the county\u2019s young transgender community by holding a remembrance event at Hatfield Police Station, as part of recognising International Transgender Day of Remembrance (November 20)."
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2017
title: Police and transgender youth come together in remembrance
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-and-transgender-youth-come-together-in-remembrance-1168B
```

* ### Police engaged with some of the county's young transgender community by holding a remembrance event at Hatfield Police Station.

 * ### Five members of Hertfordshire's young transgender community attended the event.

 * ### Police spoke to the young people about how the force could support them if ever they needed help.

 * ### Herts Aid and Youth Connexions also attended the event.

 * ### Police officer supports National HIV testing Week.

Hertfordshire Constabulary engaged with some of the county's young transgender community by holding a remembrance event at Hatfield Police Station, as part of recognising International Transgender Day of Remembrance (November 20).

This important date in the transgender calendar occurs annually and aims to remember those who have died due to anti-transgender hatred or prejudice and the difficulties the transgender community can face. As part of the event, the group also held a minute's silence to remember those who had died.

Sadly members of the transgender community can be subjected to hate crime* and as part of the event, the Constabulary wanted to engage with some of the county's transgender youth to make them aware of the services and specialist officers the force has in place to support them should they ever find themselves a victim of crime.

Sexual health charity Herts Aid also attended the event along with Youth Connexions - who have greatly developed their services for the young LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender) community. They have achieved this through providing support groups across the county. More information about these groups can be found here.

The five young people who attended the session, aged between 13 to 23, self-identified as members of the young transgender community and came from all areas of the county.

**The event included:**

 * An opening speech from the Constabulary's Force Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, Chief Superintendent Matthew Nicholls who discussed the work the force has been doing to engage with the LGBT community.
 * A talk with Sergeant Steve Alison, one of the force's Lesbian and Gay Liaison Officers (LAGLOs*) who discussed the role of a LAGLO and how they have been specially trained to support members of the LGBT community.
 * The young people were also given a tour of the custody suite at Hatfield Police Station.

**National HIV Testing Week**

Also at the event, Sergeant Steve Alison supported National HIV Testing Week (November 18-24) by agreeing for Herts Aid's Sexual Health worker Clive Duffy to undertake a quick finger prick blood test on him to test for the disease. Steve's results were clear. For further information about Herts Aid please visit. Further information about National HIV testing week and how you can be tested can be found by visiting https://www.startswithme.org.uk/

**Force Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, Chief** **Superintendent Matthew Nicholls, said:** "We were delighted to meet again with some the county's young transgender people, Herts Aid and Youth Connexions last night to mark Transgender Day of Remembrance together. In addition to this we also had the chance to continue to engage with this important part of our community and make them aware of the specialist services we provide.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary values difference and is committed to providing the best service to all if its diverse communities - and the young LGBT community is an important part of this.

"We are aware that growing up can be tough, but it can be even more so for transgender people, who can become targets for bullies. Sadly this can develop into adulthood as hate crime in the form of verbal or physical abuse and sometimes even violent crime. As a police force we are committed to tackling this through crime investigation and offering support to victims."

**Hertfordshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said:** "I'm pleased to see Transgender Day of Remembrance being marked in Hertfordshire by engaging with young people from the Transgender community. As a police force, we must embrace and understand all of the issues facing our diverse communities of all ages and our transgender community is an important part of this. We want our young people to be confident that police in Hertfordshire are aware and have an understanding of the issues facing them, so they feel comfortable to approach us should the need ever arise. I am sure this event will help the force to achieve this."

***Hate Crime**

Hate crime is a crime where a victim is perceived to be targeted because of their religion, race, sexual orientation, disability or transgender identity. Hate crimes are despicable offences which tend to carried out against the most vulnerable members of society. Victims of hate crime - including transgender victims - can report offences directly to police via the non-emergency number 101 or 999 in an emergency.

From April 2016 to November 2016, 22 Transgender motivated hates crime incidents were recorded in Hertfordshire. For the same period this year (2017), 23 Transgender motivated hates crime incidents were recorded. The Constabulary would like to encourage victims and witnesses of hate crime to report incidents to police without fear and to reassure them that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

Alternatively hate crime can also be reported online through the True Vision website www.report-it.org.uk which all police forces in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are signed up to. The online report will then be forwarded to the relevant local police force.

***What do LAGLOs do?**

The Constabulary's 50 LAGLOs are police officers and Police Community Support Officers who have been specially trained to support people from LGBT communities and are based all over the county. All police officers are able to support the LGBT community, but LAGLOs are in place to provide additional support and understanding.

LAGLOs aim to:

 * encourage the LGBT community to report homophobic incidents to police and to give information, advice and support to victims and witnesses of crimes.
 * positively engage with LGBT communities and develop good working relationships with relevant partners and key community groups dedicated to LGBT issues.
 * advise and support fellow police officers dealing with homophobic incidents.
 * raise awareness amongst colleagues and promote understanding about the needs of the LGBT community.

Remembrance event
