```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Three Rivers targeted traffic, acquisitive and drug-related crime during a three-day operation.
publish:
  date: 17 May 2019
title: Traffic operation success across Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/traffic-operation-success-across-three-rivers-0235c
```

* ### Officers used ANPR technology to identify vehicles and people of interest as part of the operation.

 * ### They stopped a number of vehicles and reported motorists for a variety of reasons including bald tyres and using a mobile phone while driving.

 * ### They also seized 10 vehicles for having no tax, MOT or insurance.

Officers in Three Rivers targeted traffic, acquisitive and drug-related crime during a three-day operation.

The operation, which utilised Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology to identify people and vehicles of interest, was conducted between April 30 and May 2.

Officers stationed themselves on arterial routes in South Oxhey, Maple Cross, Rickmansworth, Croxley Green and Mill End, with the aim of disrupting offenders travelling across the borders from neighbouring force areas.

Two people were arrested after officers stopped their vehicle and searched it following an ANPR hit. One man was arrested for possession with the intent to supply a controlled drug and another man was arrested for possession with the intent to supply a controlled drug and possession of an offensive weapon.

One of the men has been summoned to court for possession of a controlled Class A drug and the other was released with no further action.

A total of 11 vehicles were searched and 10 vehicles were seized for a variety of reasons, including having no insurance, tax or MOT. A number of Traffic Offence Reports were issued for reasons such as having bald tyres, contravening a red light and using a mobile phone while driving.

Sergeant Neil Canning, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are very pleased with the results of this operation, which is just part of our ongoing work to detect, disrupt and deter cross-border criminals who travel between counties to commit offences.

"I want it to send a strong message to those who think that Hertfordshire is an easy target - we are watching and we will bring you to justice if you choose to offend here. We will be conducting more operations throughout the year."

*Operation Scorpion officers proactively target offenders who commit burglaries, robberies, drug and vehicle-related crime.
