```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary continued their work in supporting the county\u2019s LGBT+ community on Saturday (September, 8), as they came together to celebrate Hertfordshire Pride 2018 at Gadebridge Park in Hemel Hempstead."
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2018
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary celebrate Herts Pride 2018
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-celebrate-Herts-Pride-2018-1753MD
```

* ### Hertfordshire Pride is a key date in the Constabulary's calendar and officers have been attending the event since it was first established

 * ### Those who attended Pride on Saturday were able to learn more about the role of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Liaison Officers, as well as gain advice about how to report same sex domestic abuse and hate crime.

 * ### The Constabulary is committed to supporting the county's LGBT+ community

Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary continued their work in supporting the county's LGBT+ community on Saturday (September, 8), as they came together to celebrate Hertfordshire Pride 2018 at Gadebridge Park in Hemel Hempstead.

Hertfordshire Pride is a key date in the Constabulary's calendar and officers have been attending the event since it was first established six years ago. Last year's event saw the launch of the Rainbow Car, a rainbow coloured fully operational patrol car that aims to engage with the LGBT+ community by raising awareness of and encouraging the reporting of hate crimes.

On Saturday, the Constabulary held a stall run by a mix of police officers, PCSOs, police staff and cadets. With them also, were members of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network, a support network which exists to help all staff and officers on LGBT+ matters, whether they are personal or operational.

They were joined by Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Constabulary's Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity.

The Constabulary's Rainbow Car was also there as a reminder that the Constabulary values diversity.

Those who attended Pride on Saturday were able to learn more about the role of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Liaison Officers, as well as gain advice about how to report same sex domestic abuse and hate crime.

The under reporting of LGBT+ hate crime is an important issue for the Constabulary and it is working to increase the number of victims reporting offences so that action can be taken and the scale of the problem is better understood.

In a survey by the Constabulary and the Hertfordshire Football Association earlier this year, it was found that 20 per cent of the county's LGBT+ football fans would not feel comfortable reporting the offence if they were the victim of hate crime at a match. The Constabulary is determined to change this, and at the end of August a number of officers took part in a special training day that will help them to tackle LGBT+ hate crime.

Sergeant Steve Alison, Chair of the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Network, said: "Today has been a fantastic event and it's been great to meet with and speak to so many of the county's LGBT+ residents. It is vital that we work to ensure that Hertfordshire is a safe county for the LGBT+ community to live and work in.

"It is important that the Constabulary are visible at events like these so that the LGBT+ community can understand we are there to support them. I hope our attendance at today's event reassures the community of our commitment to them and that they can feel confident when reporting an LGBT+ hate crime to us. Hate crime will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire and you will always be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

"If you need to report an LGBT+ hate crime, you can speak to us without fear via the non-emergency number 101, or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report. If a crime is ongoing, you must always call 999.

"If you do not feel comfortable speaking directly to police, hate crime can also be reported online through the True Vision website at www.report-it.org.uk which all police forces in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are signed up to. The online report will then be forwarded to the relevant local police force."

Hertfordshire Constabulary officers with the Rainbow Car. Hertfordshire Constabulary police officers, PCSOs, police staff and cadets. Pictured also is Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls and Sergeant Steve Alison. Chief Constable Charlie Hall and cadets. A cake produced by the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Network specially for Pride.
