```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a pedestrian sadly passed away following a collision with a cyclist in Stevenage - and are particularly keen to trace a second cyclist who assisted at the scene.
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2020
title: Did you witness collision in Stevenage?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-collision-in-stevenage-0876e
```

* ## The incident occurred on a cycle path adjacent to Martins Way.

 * ## A woman later passed away in hospital following the collision.

 * ## Officers are keen to trace a second cyclist who is believed to have assisted at the scene.

Police are appealing for witnesses after a pedestrian sadly passed away following a collision with a cyclist in Stevenage - and are particularly keen to trace a second cyclist who assisted at the scene.

The incident occurred on the cycle path adjacent to Martins Way, at around 4.45pm on Friday 13 November.

A woman aged in her 70s was walking though the underpass, from Durham Road, when she collided with the bicycle, which was being ridden by a man along the cycle path.

The woman suffered multiple injuries and was taken to hospital. Despite the best efforts of all involved, she sadly passed away on Sunday (15 November).

The cyclist suffered serious injuries, including fractures to the ribs and collar bone and remains in hospital.

The incident was not reported to police at the time and officers only became aware later that night.

PC Carl Callan, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with all those who have been affected by what happened, at this understandably difficult time.

"We are currently conducting enquiries into the incident and are asking anyone who saw the collision, or events leading up to it, to please get in touch. We're particularly keen to trace another cyclist who is reported to have assisted at the scene. If this was you, please contact us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 851 of 13 November.

**

**
