```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged fight in a pub in Hertford are appealing for witnesses to come forward who may have information that could help with enquiries.
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following an assault in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-assault-in-hertford-0462a
```

* ### Officers are investigating an assault in a pub in Hertford.

 * ### The incident took place at 10.30pm on Monday 8 July.

 * ### Anyone who has any information is encouraged to call 101, quoting reference 41/61990/19.

Officers investigating an alleged fight in a pub in Hertford are appealing for witnesses to come forward who may have information that could help with enquiries.

At 10.30pm on Monday 8 July, officers were called to The Two Brewers Pub in Port Vale where two people allegedly were having a fight.

Detective Constable Narinder Padda from the Hertford Local Crime Unit said: "We hope that anyone who saw the alleged incident gets in touch, as it could assist our ongoing investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Padda via email, report information online speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/61990/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 26-years-old man from Hertford was arrested on suspicion of assault. He is currently on police bail.
