```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Hertsmere Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing two Closure Orders at addresses in Borehamwood under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 2 May 2019
title: National ANPR Service (NAS) is coming
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/national-anpr-service-nas-is-coming-0150k
```

* ### Closure orders have been secured on flats in Canterbury House and Barton Way in Borehamwood following anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use.

 * ### Police worked with residents and Clarion Housing Association

 * ### Four men have been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs (cannabis).

Officers from the Hertsmere Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing two Closure Orders at addresses in Borehamwood under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The flats in Canterbury House and Barton Way were being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the properties for drug dealing and drug use.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at St Albans Magistrates Court on Friday (April 26).

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met, in both cases, which included:

1) engaging in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or

2) using the premises has resulted in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises.

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Clarion Housing Association to gather evidence in support of the Closure Orders. The police and Clarion had received numerous calls from members of the public reporting arguments at the address, noisy visitors and suspected drug use and drug dealing.

The Closure Order prevents anyone from entering the property for three months and anyone who breaches the order can be arrested.

Suspected cannabis, drug paraphernalia and cash were seized from both addresses.

**PC John Phelan from the Community Safety Unit said:** "For many months we responded to numerous complaints about the ASB and suspected drug use and drug dealing at the properties.

"We worked closely with residents and Clarion Housing Association and were able to secure the closure orders. Securing these Closure Orders is significant in the fight against drugs and associated drugs in Borehamwood."

"By taking this action to close the addresses, we hope to provide some respite from the on-going issues that cause such misery for neighbours and improve the quality of life for our local communities.

"I would urge local residents to please continue to report anything of concern to us via the non-emergency number 101 and if you witness a crime or ASB in progress dial 999."

 * Four people a 54-year-old man, a 22-year-old man, a 60-year-old man and a 39-year-old man, all from Borehamwood - have been arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply (cannabis). They have been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.
