```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has been found guilty of GBH today (Monday 12 August) after he cut a man\u2019s hand off in Abbots Langley."
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2019
title: Man found guilty of GBH in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-found-guilty-of-gbh-in-abbots-langley-0628
```

A man has been found guilty of GBH today (Monday 12 August) after he cut a man's hand off in Abbots Langley.

Che Ambe, age 21 of Caractacus Cottage View in Watford, was found guilty following a trial at St Albans Crown Court.

The court heard that on the evening of Sunday 10 February, the victim - an 18 year old man - and his friend were walking home from the shops along Long Elms when Ambe drove towards them on a moped.

The court was told that the three knew each other but did not get on. Subsequently, the victim and his friend ran away but Ambe came off his bike and chased them, armed with a bladed article. The victim fell as he tried to run away and Ambe caught up with him and cut his hand off.

The victim's friend managed to run back home and after Ambe fled the scene, the victim was also able to run to the home for safety.

Police were called and an officer who attended the scene found the victim's severed hand. Officers searched the area and located and arrested Ambe shortly afterwards.

Despite the best efforts of medical staff, they were not able to reattach the victim's hand.

Detective Sergeant Steven Boddy, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This case demonstrates the severe consequences of carrying knives. This was a vicious attack that has left the victim with an unimaginable and life-changing injury. I am pleased that the jury have come to this decision and I hope that the victim feels that justice has been served.

"We do all we can to bring knife crime offenders to justice. If you are worried or have information about knife crime in your local area, please call the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency, or if someone's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * Ambe will be sentenced on Wednesday 4 September.
