```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are urging residents to remain vigilant following a distraction burglary in Hatfield last week.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2018
title: Distraction burglary in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/distraction-burglary-in-hatfield-1808B
```

* ### Residents in Hatfield warned to be vigilant about bogus callers following a distraction burglary.

 * ### Cash and jewellery stolen from a home in Travellers Lane by man claiming to be from water company.

 * ### The man is described as white, aged between 25-35 years old, wearing all black and a black baseball cap.

Police are urging residents to remain vigilant following a distraction burglary in Hatfield last week.

On Tuesday September 18, at around 6.40pm a man visited an address in Travellers Lane, Hatfield, claiming he was there to deal with a problem with the victim's water supply. Having gained access, he then stole cash and jewellery from the property.

The man is described as white, aged between 25-35 years old, wearing all black and a black baseball cap. He may have been accompanied by another man.

Detective Constable Sam Casey, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit said: "I am looking for any witnesses who may have seen someone matching this description in the area or who may have CCTV or dashcam footage. If anyone has any information or has been approached in a similar way please contact our non-emergency number 101.

"Bogus callers can be very convincing in order to gain access to homes. If you receive a call and haven't already pre-arranged an appointment, our advice would be not to open the door. If you are expecting someone, it's a good idea to agree a password, which can be given on arrival, to help verify if a caller is genuine. Always ask for identification and if you have any doubts, contact the company in question to be sure a caller is who they say they are before you let them in.

"Although distraction burglaries account for a small proportion of burglaries in Hertfordshire, we want to remind people of the importance of only allowing people in when they are entirely convinced that they are who they say they are. If you aren't sure, don't open the door."
