```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents in Royston and the surrounding villages, are being invited to have their say on what their local police teams should focus on for the next three months.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2021
title: Have your say on how we police Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-how-we-police-royston-1256g
```

* ## Local residents in Royston to have a say in new policing priorities for the town.

 * ## Local officers ask for feedback from the community on what matters most to them.

 * ## Safer Neighbourhood Team using echo and OWL to collate local opinion.

Residents in Royston and the surrounding villages, are being invited to have their say on what their local police teams should focus on for the next three months.

Using OWL - the Online Watch Link system, and 'echo' \- the community voice platform, people can submit their views on what they think their local officers should concentrate on as policing priorities.

"We want to know what issues matter most to our local residents," explained Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Jon Vine. "Due to the pandemic, we have not been able to hold our usual community priority setting events, but we still want to hear your views and we need your input."

"Your local officers are responsible for dealing with short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour, criminal damage, speeding and drug related crime. We also work with our local partner agencies, including North Herts District Council, to tackle long term community issues.

"We would like as many local residents to be involved in this priority setting process as possible, to make sure that we have a very clear understanding of all of the issues which impact on and affect our local communities. We are asking for feedback specific to our next priorities to be submitted between the **3 March and 10 March.**

"You can submit your feedback by using our 'echo' feedback platform. Go to echo Royston . All feedback is anonymous, so if you are referring to a specific location please include as much information as possible.

"If you are a member of OWL - our Online Watch Link - you can also complete our special priority setting survey which will have been emailed to you.

"All feedback will be reviewed and the more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to our community, where services are working well for you or where we need to improve. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns."

If you need any further information please email the Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team or by calling 101.
