```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following a robbery in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-in-Stevenage-1176E
```

* ### A man in his 80s had his wallet stolen in a robbery in Stevenage on Wednesday, November 15.

 * ### It happened in the alleyway between Wilstshire Road and Peartree Park between 5pm and 5.30pm.

 * ### The offender is described as white, aged between 40 and 45, of slim build with short blonde hair.

Officers investigating a robbery in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in the alleyway leading from Peartree Park to Wiltshire Road between 5pm and 5.30pm on Wednesday, November 15.

The victim, a man in his 80s, was walking along the path when a man approached him from behind.

The offender started to remove the victim's wallet from his back trouser pocket when the victim turned round to challenge him.

As a result, there was struggle which caused the victim to fall to the floor.

The offender, who did not speak throughout the incident, took the wallet and walked away down the alleyway in the direction of Peartree Park.

The victim sustained a minor injury to his knee during the incident.

The offender is described as white with a long face and tanned complexion, of slim build, aged between 40 and 45 and with short blond hair.

He was clean shaven and wore a light-coloured overcoat.

Detective Constable Karen Dewar, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "This appears to be an opportunist attack on an elderly man who was left understandably shaken by this ordeal.

"I want to reassure the public that we are doing all we can to trace the person responsible and as the description of the offender is quite detailed, I am asking the public if they know anyone matching the description to please come forward and speak to us. Did you see anyone matching the description leaving the area around the time stated?

"Equally, if you have any further information that you think could assist us, however insignificant it may seem, please call us on 101, quoting crime reference E1/17/9330 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
