```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Warning notices were issued after two people were caught riding on land in Maple Cross without the owner\u2019s permission."
publish:
  date: 18 May 2018
title: Section 59 notices issued to dirt bike riders
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/section-59-notices-issued-to-dirt-bike-riders-0233C
```

* ### Two men were caught riding dirt bikes without the landowner's permission.

 * ### If they are caught again they could have their vehicles seized.

 * ### One of the men was also given a warning for possession of cannabis.

Warning notices were issued after two people were caught riding on land in Maple Cross without the owner's permission.

On Sunday (May 13) officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team came across two men in their 20s riding dirt bikes on Claybanks, in Denham Way.

When stopped, they stated they had the owner's permission which was found not to be the case.

As a result, two section 59 warning notices were issued. These notices are given in circumstances when vehicles are found to have been used in a manner which causes distress, alarm or annoyance.

If the riders are caught again within the next 12 months, police have the power to seize and possibly crush their vehicles.

In addition, both riders were also issued with Community Protection Notice Warnings for causing anti-social and disorderly behaviour in the area. One of the riders was also given a warning for possession of cannabis.

This is the second time in a month that section 59 warning notices have been issued to people riding on the land illegally.

PC Christian Gottmann said: "The landowner had previously reported damage to his farm which was having a severe impact on his livelihood.

"Once again, I want to stress that riding bikes across private farm land is illegal and anyone caught doing so will be dealt with accordingly.

"If you see anyone riding anti-socially please contact police. Try and get a good description of the rider and the colour of the helmet, if they are wearing one, and make a note of any registration numbers."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report
