```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary have completed training to become mentors for young people. The scheme, run by The Prince\u2019s Trust, saw the first group of officers trained in Apsley, Hemel Hempstead on Friday (9 August)."
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2019
title: "Police officers become Prince\u2019s Trust mentors"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officers-become-princes-trust-mentors-0631all
```

* ### Officers become mentors for The Prince's Trust.

 * ### They will support young people who have taken part in the trust's Team programme.

 * ### It is hoped this diversionary project will help reduce crime and anti-social behaviour.

Police officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary have completed training to become mentors for young people. The scheme, run by The Prince's Trust, saw the first group of officers trained in Apsley, Hemel Hempstead on Friday (9 August).

Five officers who work in Berkhamsted, Stevenage and at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City learnt skills for supporting and working with young people on a one-to-one basis.

The training was run by the trust's Sam Howlett and Pete Austin, who is a former Hertfordshire police officer. The officers taking part in the training have previously been seconded to help run the run the trust's Team programme locally.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: "Young people are much less likely to engage in crime or anti-social behaviour if they are in education, training or have a job. Often the root problem is just low self-esteem or lack of support and direction.

"By supporting the trust's work, not only are we helping to create better life-chances for many young people in Hertfordshire, but we are also helping to give them a stake in society and diverting them away from anti-social behaviour.

"This also benefits the wider community as it can also help to reduce criminal activity."

Pete Austin, The Prince's Trust executive, said: "It was great to see the officers' commitment and enthusiasm for supporting young people.

"They have all previously been facilitators for our Team programme, which aims to boost the confidence and skills of young people who are out of education or work. As mentors they will help young people who have completed the programme but who may need on-going support to make the most of their experience."

The Prince's Trust was founded in 1976 by HRH Prince Charles and aims to help young people gain the skills and confidence to live, learn and earn.

Team is a 12-week personal development programme that gives people aged 16 to 25 the chance to gain new skills, take a qualification and meet new people.

Participants take on a community project, making a positive difference to the place where they live. They also take part in a residential trip, get work experience and develop their English and maths skills.

The constabulary is also working with the trust to increase the number of young people referred by police officers to the charity, so they can benefit from its support.
