```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Watford Safer Neighbourhood Teams are asking the public for their help in determining the new policing priorities in their area.
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2020
title: What do you think your local police should focus on in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/what-do-you-think-your-local-police-should-focus-on-in-watford-0831
```

* ### Have your say on Watford's new set of policing priorities for the next three months

 * ### Tell your Safer Neighbourhood Teams about the issues that matter most to you

 * ### You can use the community voice tool, 'echo' to give your feedback online

The Watford Safer Neighbourhood Teams are asking the public for their help in determining the new policing priorities in their area.

Until the end of the month, residents of the town can have their say on what they think the police should be focusing on in their neighbourhood, by submitting their thoughts using the Constabulary's online feedback platform, echo.

The information gathered online during the campaign will be used to shape the town's policing priorities for the following three months. This is a rolling process, with new policing priorities set each quarter.

The town is split into three separate Safer Neighbourhood Teams, each led by a sergeant, and all three areas have their own unique echo feedback link.

The **Watford Town Centre** team covers _Central Watford_ : bit.ly/police-watcen

The **Watford North** team covers _Tudor, Callowland, Stanborough, Leggatts, Meriden and Woodside_ : bit.ly/police-watnth

The **Watford Outer** team covers _Oxhey, Vicarage, Holywell, Park and Nascot_ : bit.ly/police-watout

Watford Chief Inspector Ian Grout said: "As we continue to navigate our way through the pandemic it is vital we continue to have those important conversations with our communities. We want people's voices to be heard and as we enter a second lockdown, echo is the perfect tool to allow us to capture what matters most to them so we can target our resources accordingly.

"The online form is quick and easy to use, and you can remain anonymous if you wish. Please take a few minutes to let us know what you think we should be focusing on in your neighbourhood.

"At the end of the month we will then review all the comments and liaise with partners, local councillors and our community safety team to set our priorities for each neighbourhood team for the next three months. It's still business as usual here in Watford with my teams continuing their daily patrols, responding to incidents, problem-solving with communities and looking out for vulnerable residents.

"When submitting your thoughts via echo please include as much detail as possible, such as which area of Watford you are referring to, by using road or ward names."

**Please don 't use echo to report a crime**. To do that, you can use our online form at herts.police.uk/report, launch a web chat with an operator in the Force Communications Room at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately.
