```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following reports of scam text and email messages which appeared to be from parcel delivery companies.
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2020
title: Warning as delivery scam hits Christmas shoppers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-as-delivery-scam-hits-christmas-shoppers-938
```

* ### Fraudsters are sending scam delivery messages

 * ### The messages claim that they have a package for the victim

 * ### Recipients are asked to visit a scam site to reschedule the delivery

Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following reports of scam text and email messages which appeared to be from parcel delivery companies.

The messages appear to be from couriers like DPD and Royal Mail, stating that they have tried to deliver a parcel and asking you to click a link to reschedule the delivery. The link directs you to an authentic looking website, which asks for your full name, address, date of birth and mobile number. Upon completion of the form, you are then asked to enter full credit card details. So far there have been no reported loses to victims in Hertfordshire.

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "This scam is very convincing with Christmas a few weeks away and many people are shopping online and waiting for their orders to be delivered. "It's important to check the details in the messages and make sure it is genuinely related to an item you have ordered. Does the message use your name, rather than to an email address? Does it mention the goods or company you have ordered items from? If in doubt do not click the link and contact the vendor directly via their website.

"Please help us to raise awareness by talking about this with your friends and family, especially if they are vulnerable or elderly."

Visit www.actionfraud.police.uk or www.herts.police.uk/protectyourmoney for advice on avoiding scams.

If you believe that you are a victim of this scam please report online to actionfraud.police.uk or call 0300 123 2040.

Alternatively, you can contact herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
