```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a reported assault in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2021
title: Witness appeal following assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-st-albans-1154f
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following an assault in St Albans.

 * ### The incident took place around 6pm on Tuesday 12 January on Riverside Road.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/2796/21 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a reported assault in St Albans.

At around 6pm on Tuesday 12 January, the male victim was on Riverside Road near Cornwall Road when he was chased by three other men. The man suffered a fractured cheekbone and split lip, but cannot recall how these injuries were sustained.

Detective Constable Mark Chipchase, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the Riverside Road area around the time of the incident and saw anything suspicious, which could assist with this investigation, to get in touch.

"The victim suffered head injuries and cannot recall details of the incident and so we are keen to piece together the circumstances of what happened.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at mark.chipchase@herts.pnn.police.uk."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/2796/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
