```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a cyclist was found with serious injuries in Elstree around 2pm on Sunday (13 September).
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020
title: Witness appeal after cyclist is found with serious injuries in Elstree
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-after-cyclist-is-found-with-serious-injuries-in-elstree-0626j
```

* ## Witnesses are being sought after a cyclist was found with serious injuries in Elstree.

 * ## The man was found on Edgwarebury Lane at around 2pm on Sunday (13 September).

 * ## Please call 101 quoting reference Op Shaddock if you can help the investigation.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a cyclist was found with serious injuries in Elstree around 2pm on Sunday (13 September).

The cyclist, a man in his 60s, was discovered on Edgwarebury Lane and was taken to hospital by ambulance. His injuries included facial and spinal fractures, and broken ribs.

Sergeant Tim Davies, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "We are investigating the circumstances surrounding this incident and would appeal for anyone who may have seen it or has information about what may have happened to make contact with us.

"Edgwarebury Lane is popular with dog walkers and other cyclists between Elstree and Edgware so there may well have been people in the area who witnessed this.

"Were you in the area around 2pm on Sunday? Do you have CCTV or dash cam footage of the cyclist prior to the incident which could assist our enquiries?

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email"

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference **Op Shaddock**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
