```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Borehamwood in which a father was punched in the face are asking for witnesses who may have information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2019
title: Witness appeal following assault in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Witness-appeal-following-assault-in-Borehamwood-0391j
```

* Officers are investigating an assault in Borehamwood.
 * A father was punched in the face in front of his kids at a skate park.
 * Hertfordshire Constabulary are looking for witnesses who may have information.

 Officers investigating an assault in Borehamwood in which a father was punched in the face are asking for witnesses who may have information to get in contact.

 At 1.00pm on Saturday June 15, the victim was playing with his children at a Skate Park in Aberford Park, Aberford Road.

 An altercation occurred between the victim and another man which resulted in the victim being verbally abused before being punched in the face from behind.

 The offender has been described as a black man in his late teens. He had black hair and wore a Nike tracksuit and a golden necklace.

 Police Constable Dale Powell from the Borehamwood intervention team said: "This incident occurred at a busy time of day and we are keen to hear from anyone who was in the areas at the time and who witnessed the assault, or who has any other information which may help us trace the offender.

 "Fortunately the victim was not seriously hurt but this was an upsetting incident for his children to witness. The offender is thought to have been with another group of parents in the park.

 "We're asking anyone with any information no matter small to get in touch as it could help us conclude this investigation."

 Anyone with information can contact PC Powell by emailing dale.powell@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here:_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101,_ quoting 41/54099/19 _._

_ _ Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
