```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Welwyn Hatfield have made four further arrests as part of Operation Vinic.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2017
title: Four arrested for drugs offences in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Four-arrested-for-drugs-offences-in-Welwyn-Hatfield
```

* ### Police in Welwyn Hatfield have made four further arrests as part of Operation Vinic.

Operation Vinic is an on-going drive to tackle Class A and Class B drugs offences and associated ASB in Hatfield and Welwyn Garden City. Some of these offences are believed to be fuelled by offenders crossing over Hertfordshire's borders from London.

Proactive patrols have been continuing over the past couple of weeks and the following arrests have been made:

 * On October 3, officers from Operation Scorpion were patrolling in the Boundary Lane area of Welwyn Garden City when they saw a man in a vehicle who appeared to be acting suspiciously. On further investigation, officers seized suspected Class A drugs and two imitation firearms. *37-year-old Akram Imran, from Essex Road in Manor Park, was later charged with possession of a Class A drug and possession of an imitation firearm. He appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on October 4 and was remanded into custody until his next appearance at St Albans Crown Court on November 3.

 * On October 17, whilst on patrol in the Lemsford Road area of Hatfield, officers from Operation Scorpion spotted two men who appeared to be acting suspiciously outside Clayton House. As they approached the men, officers believed they saw them discard something they were holding. On further investigation officers found the discarded items to be two wraps of Class A drugs.

The two men, a 29-year-old man and a 35-year-old - both from Hatfield - were arrested on suspicion of Possession of a Class A drug. They have been released pending further investigations.

 * Shortly after officers stopped a man who approached the entrance to Clayton House. After searching him and his car, he was found to have Class B drugs in the vehicle and just over £4000 in cash. He was arrested on suspicion of Possession of a Class B Drug with Intent to Supply and remains under investigation for this offence. The man was also arrested in connection with a robbery he was wanted for which is alleged to have happened in Hatfield in September and non-payment of fines.

Daryl Jervier, from Stantonbury Milton Keynes - was charged with robbery and appeared at Hatfield Remand Court where he was sentenced to 39 days in prison for the non-payment of fines. He is next due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on November 17 in relation to the robbery.

Operation Vinic has seen officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Operation Scorpion Team, Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, the Local Crime Unit and the Intervention Team involved in the drive.

 As part of the operation, police are working closely with Welwyn Hatfield Council and local housing associations to tackle ASB which has been reported by the public and is believed to be associated with the drugs offences.

**Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who leads Welwyn Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit, said:** "We are not relenting in our work to continue to drive Class A and B drugs out of Welwyn Garden City and Hatfield and I am pleased with the further arrests which have been made. As drugs can genuinely blight local communities, we are determined to do everything to put a stop to such offences and drive these criminals out of the area.

"We are working proactively to gain intelligence on drugs offences and as part of this, the public has been fantastic in reporting anything suspicious to us. Such reports make a real difference to our investigations and I would urge anyone who suspects drugs activity in their local area or in pubs and clubs to please continue to report it to us. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 in an emergency. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
