```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The next Operation Stomp event will take place in Hertford this weekend.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: Security marking event in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/security-marking-event-in-hertford-2669a
```

* ### The event will take place outside Wickes on Saturday.

 * ### Officers will be marking items such as tools and bikes.

 * ### Residents will also be able to sign up to OWL.

The next Operation Stomp event will take place in Hertford this weekend.

Officers will be security marking items such as tools and bicycles, for free, as well as giving crime prevention advice on a range of subjects.

Representatives from Neighbourhood Watch will also be in attendance and people will be able to sign up to the OWL (Online Watch Link) messaging service. OWL allows residents to receive alerts about crimes and incidents in their local area, as well as crime prevention advice and information about upcoming community engagement events.

The event will take place in the car park outside Wickes (Madford Retail Park) on Saturday, March 9, between 10am and 2pm.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Russell Jones said: "Marking your property makes it less attractive to thieves as it is harder to sell on. It also makes it easier to return items if they are ever lost or stolen and later recovered by police.

"With spring now approaching, people may be thinking about getting out and about on their bikes so this is a great opportunity to take steps to keep them more secure.

"We'd encourage residents to pop along to the event, say hello and get some valuable advice on a range of subjects."

Operation Stomp is the East Herts Community Safety Partnership response to prevent vulnerability and reduce crime. It is an on-going campaign which aims to prevent burglary and theft by identifying vulnerable premises and potential victims.
