```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged indecent exposure in Abbots Langley are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2018
title: Did you witness incident in Leavesden Country Park?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-leavesden-country-park-0599c
```

* ### Detectives are investigating an allegation that a man indecently exposed himself.

 * ### Patrols have been increased in the area by way of reassurance.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Detectives investigating an alleged indecent exposure in Abbots Langley are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident is reported to have occurred in Leavesden Country Park, between 4pm and 4.40pm on Sunday, July 29.

It is alleged that a man exposed himself to two women in the car park and then touched himself inappropriately.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Simmons said: "Obviously this was quite a distressing incident for those involved. I would like to reassure people that reports of this nature are unusual and patrols have been increased in the area by way of reassurance. An arrest has been made and enquiries are continuing at this time.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed suspicious activity in the country park area to please get in touch with us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Sergeant Chris Kouwenberg via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/22594/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

• A 42-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the investigation and has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
