```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information after reports have been received, of fires being lit in Whomerley Woods in Stevenage, in recent weeks.
publish:
  date: 14 Jul 2020
title: Fires in Whomerley Woods
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fires-in-whomerley-woods-0350e
```

* ## Increase in reports of fires being set in local wood.

 * ## Officers step up patrols of the area following complaints from local residents.

 * ## Police work in partnership with Herts Fire and Rescue Service regarding advice and information around fire safety.

Police in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information after reports have been received, of fires being lit in Whomerley Woods in Stevenage, in recent weeks.

PCSO Ellen Turner who covers the area said: "While the fires being lit are small and have caused no immediate risk to the public so far, for safety reasons, lighting fires in the woods is not recommended. The fires are also causing a nuisance to local residents living nearby.

"We are working in partnership with our colleagues at Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and Stevenage Borough Council to address this issue, and we will be increasing patrols in the vicinity in order to try and identify those responsible."

If you have any information about these incidents or information about the people involved contact PCSO Ellen Turner via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
