```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new cohort of police officers, taking part in the Police Now graduate scheme, were welcomed to Hertfordshire Constabulary on Friday, September 21.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2018
title: Eleven new police officers join Hertfordshire Constabulary as part of graduate scheme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Eleven-new-police-officers-join-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-as-part-of-graduate-scheme-1826
```

A new cohort of police officers, taking part in the Police Now graduate scheme, were welcomed to Hertfordshire Constabulary on Friday, September 21.

The recruitment scheme, which was launched in 2015, aims to help improve community safety and break the intergenerational cycle of crime in challenging areas, by recruiting bright and ambitious university graduates.

During the two year programme, graduates become fully warranted police officers. Right from the beginning, they are expected to use innovative ideas and tactics to tackle the root causes of crime and deliver effective results.

Friday's Police Now graduation ceremony took place at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, and was attended by the new recruits' friends and families.

The evening began with the new officers taking part in a march, and they were inspected by Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner Stuart Nagler.

During the ceremony, speeches were given by the Chief Constable and the Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner, both welcoming the new recruits and highlighting their hopes for what they will bring to the Constabulary.

PC Claire Hagger, PC Honor Greaves, and PC Ashleigh Begg, also took to the stage to share memories of their journey so far. They also gave thanks to their Syndicate Lead, Sergeant James Lacey, as well as their friends and family, for their support throughout the vigorous six-week Summer Academy training that they have just completed.

During this training, the recruits took part in both classroom-based and practical activities, as well as going out on shifts with a mentor to undertake field training.

The following recruits will begin their first shift on frontline duties on Thursday, September 27. They will all be working as Safer Neighbourhood officers.

 * PC **Emma Adams** who will be based at Cheshunt
 * PC **James Batten** who will be based at Cheshunt
 * PC **Ashleigh Begg** who will be based at Borehamwood
 * PC **Courtney Ferguson** who will be based at Hitchin
 * PC **Honor Greaves** who will be based at South Oxhey
 * PC **Claire Hagger** who will be based at Hertford
 * PC **Adam Haines** who will be based at Hatfield
 * PC **Claudia McCready** who will be based at Watford
 * PC **Beth Talbot** who will be based at Stevenage
 * PC **Natasha Webbe** who will be based at Hemel Hempstead
 * PC **Lauren Wilson** who will be based at London Colney

**Syndicate Lead Sergeant James Lacey** , said: "I am very proud of how far the Constabulary's Police Now 2018 cohort have come in such a short amount of time. Having stayed with the recruits during the six-week residential training to mentor and supervise them, I have watched them develop into excellent officers who I know will contribute greatly to the county.

"Their enthusiasm and ability to learn so quickly has been impressive, and their determination to ensure that the streets of Hertfordshire are a safe place to live and work, should be very reassuring to residents. I would like to wish the new officers all the very best as they start their policing careers."

**Chief Constable Charlie Hall** , said: "I am delighted to welcome these eleven Police Now graduates into the Constabulary. During their training, which has been demanding, intensive and thorough, they have clearly demonstrated exceptional skills and abilities which I am now looking forward to them using to the benefit of the Constabulary and communities right across Hertfordshire.

"We will continue to take graduates each year through the Police Now scheme and I would encourage anyone interested to apply via www.policenow.org.uk."

**Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner, Stuart Nagler** , said: "I think the Police Now programme is a brilliant way into policing and I'm delighted to have been able to welcome the latest graduates to Hertfordshire. The Constabulary is working hard to attract the best candidates to roles in the force, either from graduates, volunteers or regular officers and staff. Officers who have been through the programme have told us how much they value the scheme and have been working on some really important projects to keep Hertfordshire safe."

The new officers are inspected by Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner Stuart Nagler The new officers during the march From left to right, on the back row, is: PC Honor Greaves, PC Lauren Wilson, PC Emma Adams, PC Beth Talbot, PC Claire Hagger, PC Adam Haines, PC Courtney Ferguson, PC Ashleigh Begg, PC James Batten, PC Claudia McCready From left to right, on the front row, is: Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, Syndicate Lead Sergeant James Lacey, Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner Stuart Nagler, PC Natasha Webbe
