```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Inspector has joined the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), promising to bring an abundance of energy in tackling crime and keeping the community safe.
publish:
  date: 23 Apr 2020
title: Meet the new Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-the-new-welwyn-hatfield-safer-neighbourhood-team-inspector-0043b
```

* ## Inspector Kash Hussain has joined the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT).

 * ## The SNT focus on fixing short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour.

 * ## Inspector Hussain is looking forward to finding new ways of solving local issues.

A new Inspector has joined the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), promising to bring an abundance of energy in tackling crime and keeping the community safe.

Inspector Kash Hussain replaces Wayne Nash who has left the force on secondment.

The SNT focus on fixing short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour. They work closely with local partners including the council.

Inspector Hussain said: "I joined the police to help those who can't help themselves but on top of that, I wanted to help change my community's views about the job. Coming from an Asian background, I know it can sometimes be difficult for minority communities to feel safe to ask for help from outside their community. I wanted to break down those barriers and be the visible representation I wanted to see."

At the start of his service, Inspector Hussain completed an attachment on the SNT in Welwyn Garden City. He is looking forward to returning with his energy from his time working in Intervention teams (responding to 999 calls).

He said: "I love the exciting action of being a police officer - arresting criminals, doing warrants, and I want to bring that passion and proactivity into the SNT! It's a challenging time right now and my officers are working hard to ensure that everyone is following the government guidance.

"I'm looking forward to finding new ways of solving local issues. Just because something's always been done a certain way doesn't mean there's not a better way of doing it!"

Inspector Hussain is keen to help those involved in crime but is clear that this is not a one way street.

He said: "If you've lost your way and have become involved in crime and anti-social behaviour, we will work with our partners to help get your life back on track both for your sake and the community's. However, if you don't allow us to help you or you persist in offending, we will deal with you robustly.

"Welwyn Hatfield residents deserve to live in a community where they feel safe. I will do everything I can to ensure that remains the case."

You can follow the SNT on Facebook or on Twitter @WelHatPolice. You can also give your feedback using echo at bit.ly/police-welhat. Sign up to Neighbourhood Watch.

_ _
