```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged disorder in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2018
title: "Appeal following alleged disorder \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-disorder-stevenage-1957
```

* ### Officers investigating an alleged disorder in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

 * ### It reportedly happened outside Bar and Beyond in the Leisure Park at around 3am on Friday, October 19

 * ### Six people have been arrested in connection with the incident and have been released under investigation

Officers investigating an alleged disorder in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

It reportedly happened outside Bar and Beyond in the Leisure Park at around 3am this morning (Friday, October 19).

A number of people were reportedly involved in a physical altercation which left several people with injuries.

Detective Sergeant Bianca Broadbent, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "We are urging anyone who witnessed what happened, or has any information that could assist us, to please come forward."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Broadbent by emailing _bianca.broadbent@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101 or reporting online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting reference 41/47731/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 21-year-old man from Bedford was arrested on suspicion of GBH in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 23-year-old man from Bedford was arrested on suspicion of affray in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 22-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of GBH in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 25-year-old man from Bedford has been arrested on suspicion of affray and obstructing a police officer in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 24-year-old man from Bedford was arrested on suspicion of affray and assaulting a police officer in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 24-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of affray in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation.
