```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a multi-vehicle road traffic collision on the A1(M).
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2021
title: Witness and dash cam appeal following road traffic collision on the A1(M)
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-and-dash-cam-appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-on-the-a1m-1177b
```

* ### Witnesses and dash cam footage are being sought following a road traffic collision on the A1(M) around 6.50pm on Friday 5 February.

 * ### Three vehicles travelling northbound between junction 5 and 6 were in collision. A fourth vehicle collided with debris on the southbound carriageway.

 * ### Call 101 quoting ISR 662 of 5 February if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a multi-vehicle road traffic collision on the A1(M).

Emergency services were called around 6.50pm on Friday (5 February) to report a collision involving three vehicles on the A1(M) northbound between junction 5 and 6. A fourth vehicle collided with debris on the southbound carriageway.

Police attended, along with ambulance and fire crews, with road closures in both directions while emergency services dealt with the incident and investigations took place. It reopened in the early hours of Saturday (6 February).

One man was taken to hospital with serious, but not life-threatening injuries.

A 36 year old man was arrested on suspicion of driving while under the influence of drugs, he has been released under investigation while enquires continue.

Sergeant James Wood, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Were you driving on the A1(M) on Friday evening and did you see this incident or capture it on a dash cam?

"If so, please get in touch as you may be able to assist our investigation.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at james.wood@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 662 of 5 February.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
