```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Watford.
publish:
  date: 8 Apr 2020
title: Appeal following serious collision in WatfordAppeal following serious collision in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-watfordappeal-following-serious-collision-in-watford-0021c
```

* ## The incident happened on the A405 North Orbital Road at the junction with Greenwood Drive on Saturday (4 April).

 * ## At around 12.40pm, a black and white Yamaha motorcycle and a silver Ford Mondeo were involved in a collision.

 * ## The motorcyclist was taken to hospital and the driver of the Mondeo was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information or dash cam footage should contact PC Matt Holliday at matt.holliday@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting ISR 255 of 4 April.

Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Watford.

The incident happened on the A405 North Orbital Road at the junction with Greenwood Drive on Saturday (4 April).

At around 12.40pm - and for reasons unknown at this stage - a black and white Yamaha motorcycle and a silver Ford Mondeo were involved in a collision.

The motorcyclist - a man in his thirties - sustained multiples fractures to his arms, legs and ribs and he remains in hospital.

The driver of the Mondeo - a man in his forties - was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Matt Holliday, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the collision, or the events leading up to it, to get in touch. Similarly, if you have information about the incident or think you might have captured it on dash cam please let us know as it could help us to progress the investigation.

"If you can help, please email quoting ISR 255 of 4 April."

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 255 of 4 April. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.
