```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has been presented with an award by the LGBT+ rights charity Stonewall for the support that the force gives to the LGBT+ community.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary wins award for supporting the LGBT+ community
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-wins-award-for-supporting-the-LGBT-community-0267
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary has been presented with an award by the LGBT+ rights charity Stonewall for the support that the force gives to the LGBT+ community.

As part of its Workplace Equality Index Regional Awards, Stonewall chose the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Network as 'Network Group of the Year' for the East of England.

Special recognition was given to Inspector Steve Alison, Chair of the LGBT+ Network, for his work in leading the support group.

The award was presented yesterday (Wednesday, May 22) at a ceremony at the University of Essex.

The Constabulary works tirelessly to ensure that the county's LGBT+ community feel safe and supported. Last week, members of the community were invited to the force's headquarters in Welwyn Garden City as part of a service for International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia. The event was organised by the LGBT+ Network and saw the rainbow flag flown at headquarters all day as a visible symbol of the Constabulary's support.

The LGBT+ Network is vital in helping to drive LGBT+ inclusivity. Last year, to mark Trans Day of Remembrance, the network organised a service, held at Hatfield police station, to honour those who have died as a result of transphobia. The service was attended by members of the local LGBT+ community and they got to learn more about the work of LGBT+ Liaison Officers - police officers who are specially trained to support the LGBT+ community.

As well supporting the public, the LGBT+ Network help ensure that the voices of LGBT+ staff and officers are heard. After raising the idea to senior officers, the Network was successful in changing uniform policy to make it more inclusive. The police patrol flat cap, which previously could only be worn by men, is now gender neutral and can be worn by both male and female officers.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, Hertfordshire Constabulary Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to supporting the LGBT+ community, including both the public we serve and our own officers and staff. Our LGBT+ Network, led by Inspector Steve Alison, is vital in helping staff and officers on LGBT+ matters, whether they are personal or operational. The Constabulary is thrilled to be recognised for these efforts and we will continue striving to make sure that Hertfordshire is a safe place for the LGBT+ community to live and work in."

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/hertsagainsthate.

**How to contact an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number **101**or by contacting us online. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via **999. ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

To contact an LGBT+ Officer in your local area for non-urgent advice ring **101** and ask to leave a message for them to contact you.
