```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged public order offence at a petrol station in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following alleged public order offence in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-public-order-offence-in-welwyngardencity-0508B
```

* ### Police are appealing for witnesses following an alleged public order offence at a petrol station in Morrisons.

 * ### A man is reported to have verbally abused a woman inside the petrol station store before leaving.

 * ### Anyone who was there and believed they saw the alleged offence is asked to contact police.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged public order offence at a petrol station in Welwyn Garden City.

At around 7.15am on Friday, July 6, a man reportedly entered the Morrisons petrol station in Black Fan Road and verbally abused a woman inside. The parties involved are known to each other.

PC Stephen Carter, who is investigating, said: "We know that there were several members of the public inside the petrol station store at the time of the alleged offence who may have information that can assist our investigation. If you saw what happened please get in touch."

Anyone who witnessed the alleged incident is asked to contact PC Carter by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/15664/18 or report information online

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
