```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are re-appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a man who has gone missing from Watford."
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2018
title: Have you seen missing Philip?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-you-seen-missing-Philip-0046C
```

* ### Philip Cave, aged 53, from Watford, has been missing since the end of last month.

 * ### He presented himself at a Lincolnshire police station last week but has since failed to make contact with family.

 * ### It is believed he is now in Scotland - anyone who sees him should call 101 quoting ISR 582 of March 24.

Police are re-appealing for the public's help to trace a man who has gone missing from Watford.

Philip Cave, aged 53, went missing on March 23 before presenting himself at a police station in Lincolnshire several days later.

However he has since gone missing again and has made no contact with his relatives, causing further concern for his welfare.

His family are appealing for Philip to get back in touch and would like him to know that he is always welcome to stay with his sister.

He is described as a white man, around 6ft 2in tall, and of stocky build. It is believed he has shaved his head and goatee beard since the last appeal for information.

It is now believed he may be in Scotland, travelling in his convertible silver BMW Z4, registration FM06 HSV. This vehicle was in the Beauly area of the country on Saturday (April 7).

Anyone who has seen Philip or who knows of his whereabouts should call Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 582 of March 24.

Missing Philip Cave
