```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Dacorum Borough Council has successfully obtained a closure order for a property in Hemel Hempstead following numerous reports of anti-social behaviour and criminal activity at the address.
publish:
  date: 6 Jun 2018
title: Closure Order granted for property in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-granted-for-property-in-hemel-hempstead
```

* ### Dacorum Borough Council worked in partnership with police to secure the order.

 * ### It followed numerous complaints around anti-social behaviour and criminal activity.

 * ### The order lasts for three months.

Dacorum Borough Council has successfully obtained a closure order for a property in Hemel Hempstead following numerous reports of anti-social behaviour and criminal activity at the address.

Dacorum Borough Council applied for a premises closure order for residential premises on St Pauls Road.

Local residents were subject to anti-social behaviour over a two year period after various people started visiting the address. They reported bricks being thrown, the smell of cannabis and people attending the address with weapons.

A vehicle associated with the address was also causing nuisance by being driven dangerously up and down the road on a regular basis.

The anti-social behaviour escalated on May 18, 2018 when neighbours called police at approximately 1.45am after hearing screaming and shouting. Police and ambulance services attended to find an individual had sustained injuries. Neighbours were left extremely anxious about the armed response and dog units attending the address.

One neighbour said: "We are very concerned about what's happening at this property and we need peace and quiet and a safe environment to raise our family."

Working together, Dacorum Borough Council's Anti-social Behaviour and Legal teams and the police gathered evidence in relation to the premises. The Council then applied for a premises closure order at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, May 30.

The tenant appeared in court to contest the application but the evidence presented by the Council satisfied the court, ordering a full closure order.

Cllr Neil Harden, Portfolio Holder for Community and Regulatory Services at Dacorum Borough Council, said: "Thank you to the neighbours who bravely came forward to help bring peace back to their community. Dacorum Borough Council will not tolerate anti-social behaviour, which has a detrimental impact on the quality of life for local residents.

"We will always take the most proportionate action to provide residents with peaceful enjoyment of their homes."

Detective Inspector Craig Flint, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This operation has been a well-coordinated approach from all partners and sends out a strong message that this kind of behaviour will not be tolerated.

"We will continue to work with our partners and do everything in our power to deal with those who cause misery to others living in their local community. If you are concerned about the activities of your neighbours, please report it."

The property is now closed for three months.
