```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2018
title: Appeal following a collision in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-collision-in-royston-1621G
```

* ### Police are investigating after a mobility scooter collided with the rear of a tractor in Royston.

 * ### It happened on Priory Lane at 1.20pm on Monday, August 6.

 * ### If you saw what happened or have dash cam footage you can share, please call 101 quoting ISR 408 of August 6.

Officers investigating a collision in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on a pedestrian crossing near to the roundabout junction with Priory Lane and Newmarket Road just before 1.20pm yesterday (Monday, August 6).

For reasons unknown at this time, a woman on a mobility scooter was in collision with the rear of a tractor.

The woman, aged in her 50s, has suffered potentially life-changing injuries and has been taken to hospital for further treatment. The driver of the tractor was uninjured.

Sergeant Will Hood, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are appealing to anyone who witnessed what happened in the lead up to the collision, the collision itself or its aftermath to please get in contact with us.

"We would also like to speak to any motorists who were in the area at the time stated and have dash cams fitted to their vehicles. You may have captured the incident so we would be very keen to see any footage you may have.

"If you have any information at all, please email, report online or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 408 of August 6."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
