```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Budding young detectives from East Hertfordshire put their skills to the test when they assisted local police officers during a recent \u2018investigation\u2019."
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2019
title: Budding detectives from East Herts help police to solve crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/budding-detectives-from-east-herts-help-police-to-solve-crime-2642a
```

* ### Nursery and reception children took part in the project.

 * ### They were tasked with gathering evidence to help with a mock investigation.

 * ### The children were presented with certificates for their hard work.

Budding young detectives from East Hertfordshire put their skills to the test when they assisted local police officers during a recent 'investigation'.

Nursery and Reception children from St Edmunds Pre School, near Puckeridge, were tasked with helping to track down the Big Bad Wolf, who was accused of bullying the Three Little Pigs and pretending to be Little Red Riding Hood's Grandma.

Following a briefing from local officers, the children had a week to set about collecting evidence to help bring him to justice.

During their investigation they discovered houses made of straw and sticks which had been blown down, a muddy footprint and wolf fur.

When the police officers returned, they shared the good news that the children's hard work had led to the wolf being captured.

The children were presented with certificates on Tuesday (February 26) by Safer Neighbourhood Team PC David Miller and local Sergeant Duncan Wallace.

PC Miller, who organised the event, said: "Activities such as this are a great way to engage with younger members of the community, to help build positive relationships with the police. I was really impressed with their detective skills and we may even have discovered some future new recruits!"
