```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A second Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) has been granted this month to help protect residents from ongoing harassment.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2020
title: Man given a Criminal Behaviour Order for ongoing harassment to neighbours in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-given-a-criminal-behaviour-order-for-ongoing-harassment-to-neighbours-in-london-colney-0667f
```

* ## A 70-year-old man from London Colney has been given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) for harassment.

 * ## It is the second CBO to be issued in the St Albans district this month.

 * ## If he breaches the conditions of his CBO, he will be arrested.

A second Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) has been granted this month to help protect residents from ongoing harassment.

The St Albans Community Safety Unit applied to St Albans Magistrates for the three-year order for a 70-year-old man in London Colney.

The court heard that since April 15, several residents had been subjected to harassment as the man has frightened and stalked his neighbours resulting in him being arrested on several occasions. He had also taken photographs of them and their vehicles and knocked on their doors and windows.

Community Safety Unit Sergeant Mike Saunders said: "This resident has made life an utter misery for a number of residents in Cotlandswick and neighbours have been fearful of his actions. He has been antagonising local residents including children and vulnerable residents, by continually knocking on their doors, breaching the COVID-19 guidelines by not social distancing and taking photos of the residents without their permission. We arrested him following the incidents but this has not been enough to stop his erratic behaviour. If he breaches the conditions of the CBO, he will be arrested."

The conditions of the Criminal Behaviour Order, which was granted on Friday September 11, are:

 1. Not to enter the boundaries of private dwellings in Cotlandswick, London Colney, unless gaining access to your own address or seeking assistance in an emergency.
 2. Not to knock on the doors or windows of any private dwellings in Cotlandswick, unless seeking assistance in an emergency.
 3. Not to do anything which causes harassment, alarm or distress to any person.
 4. Not to take any photographs of persons or private dwellings, unless it is with their express permission.

He was also charged with common assault and given two restraining orders for 12 months.

Simran Chana from the Police Community Safety Unit said: "His behaviour has had a detrimental impact on several residents. No-one should feel unsafe or scared in their own home. We worked closely with the residents to find a longer-term solution to this ongoing anti-social behaviour and we will continue to monitor the situation."
