```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 15-year-old boy and two 14-year-old girls have been sentenced after pleading guilty to an assault on another 14-year-old girl.
publish:
  date: 24 Jun 2019
title: "Three teenagers sentenced for assault after pleading guilty \u2013 South Oxhey"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-teenagers-sentenced-for-assault-after-pleading-guilty-south-oxhey-0411c
```

* ### Three teenagers have been sentenced at court after pleading guilty to offences in relation to an assault on a 14-year-old.

 * ### The two girls and a boy assaulted the victim in a children's play area off Henbury Way in South Oxhey in March this year.

 * ### Disturbing footage of the attack was filmed on a mobile phone and shared on social media shortly after the incident.

A 15-year-old boy and two 14-year-old girls have been sentenced after pleading guilty to an assault on another 14-year-old girl.

The boy, from Rickmansworth, and the two girls - both from South Oxhey - appeared before St Albans Youth Court on Wednesday, June 19.

The two girls pleaded guilty to a charge of assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH) and the boy pleaded guilty to a charge of intentionally encouraging/assisting the commission of an either way offence*.

The court heard how on Sunday, March 3, the victim was lured to a children's playground on Henbury Way in South Oxhey after being contacted by one of the female defendants.

Once she was there, the two 14-year-old girls confronted her and began physically assaulting her by kicking and punching her. When she fell to the ground, they continued to attack her, at one point even dragging her by her hair.

While this was going on, the boy filmed the attack on his mobile phone and was heard to encourage the girls to continue the assault.

The footage, which was played to the magistrates in court showed the victim bleeding from the nose and holding her arms up to protect herself.

It is thought they conspired to carry out the attack after a minor disagreement occurred between themselves and the victim on a previous date.

All three defendants were given a 12-month Youth Referral Order and a 12-month restraining order which prevents them from making contact with the victim. They will also have to pay £500 each in compensation to the victim.

They will appear before a panel made up of community volunteers in due course who put together a contract of conditions as part of their referral order, which the teenagers must adhere to.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Nick Lillitou said: "My team has worked incredibly hard for a number of months to investigate and gather evidence in connection with this assault, distressing footage of which circulated on social media in the days after.

"We are pleased that those responsible have been convicted and I want to reassure the community that my officers are fully aware of these young peoples' identities and will deal robustly with any breach of the conditions of their referral and restraining orders.

"We have fully engaged with and supported the victim and her family throughout the case's progress. We hope this sentence serves as closure for them and they are now able to move forward."
