```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Potters Bar have released two images of a man they would like to identify in connection with the incident.
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2018
title: "Images of man released in connection with robbery \u2013 Potters Bar"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-of-man-released-in-connection-with-robbery-potters-bar-0609
```

* ### Police would like to identify the man pictured in connection with a robbery in Potters Bar

 * ### It happened at 4.45pm at Ladbrokes on Kemble Parade on July 10

 * ### Those who recognise the man pictured, or have any further information about the incident, are asked to please contact DC Ian Waldock

Officers investigating a robbery in Potters Bar have released two images of a man they would like to identify in connection with the incident.

It happened at Ladbrokes betting shop on Kemble Parade at 4.45pm on Tuesday, July 10.

The offender entered the shop and threatened a female cashier before ordering her to put a quantity of cash in a bag. She did so and the offender left the premises.

Detective Constable Ian Waldock, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an understandably frightening experience for the staff member, who was just doing her job when she was threatened by the offender. Thankfully she was not injured.

"We have conducted extensive enquiries into this incident but we still need to identify the person pictured.

"Do you recognise them? If so, please email me at ian.waldock@herts.pnn.police.uk, report online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/16358/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 30-year-old man from London Colney has been arrested on suspicion of robbery in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
