```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The St Albans Local Crime Unit who caught a burglar in St Albans were thrilled to receive thank-you cards from two children.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2019
title: Children thank police officers for catching their burglar in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/children-thank-police-officers-for-catching-their-burglar-in-st-albans-0392f
```

* ### The St Albans Local Crime Unit who caught a burglar in St Albans were thrilled to receive thank-you cards from two children.

 * ### One of the children drew a burglar saying " _I am sad_ " and a police officer saying " _Yes, we caught him_." The child also added fingerprints and a magnifying glass to the picture.

 * ### A man from Luton was imprisoned for four years for the burglary.

The St Albans Local Crime Unit who caught a burglar in St Albans were thrilled to receive thank-you cards from two children.

The young children came into the police station with their parents with handmade cards and some muffins to personally thank the detectives.

One of the children drew a burglar saying " _I am sad_ " and a police officer saying " _Yes, we caught him_." The child also added fingerprints and a magnifying glass to the picture. On the inside it says:

_To St Albans Police, Thank you for catching our very naughty burglar. I 'm very impressed with your detective skills. _

The sibling drew a police helicopter at the top with a seat and steering wheel. At the bottom is a police car and police officer. It says:

_To the police, I 'm very happy that you've caught our burglar. Thank you for being good at catching the rude and naughty burglar._

Detective Constable Mark Chipchase from the Local Crime Unit said: "We often get a thank-you but to get a special thank-you from two young children was very special. They had hand drawn cards with a message thanking us for catching the 'naughty burglar'. We have laminated the cards and have displayed them in the police station. It was also a good opportunity for the young children to be reassured after such an unsettling experience."

Deon Germain, age 54, of Eaton Green Road in Luton was sent to prison for four years last month (May) following the burglary in Liverpool Road. A child's camera with photos and videos and mobile phones were stolen during the burglary on April 10.

** **
