```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire Major Crime Unit have charged a man with murder.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2018
title: Hemel Hempstead man charged with murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hemel-Hempstead-man-charged-with-murder-0367
```

Detectives from the Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire Major Crime Unit have charged a man with murder.

A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a 55 year old man from Leverstock Green in Hemel Hempstead.

Officers attended an address in Malmes Croft, Hemel Hempstead on Monday, June 11, following reports of concerns for the welfare of a man. Once inside the address, the body of a man was discovered.

Richard Martin, 53, from Barley Croft, was charged with murder last night (Tuesday June 12) and will appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Wednesday June 13).

Detective Inspector Phil Moss said: "We are working to establish the exact circumstances surrounding this man's death and significant enquiries are on-going.

"I'd like to reassure the local community that we believe that this is an isolated incident involving two people who are known to each other.

"While we conduct our enquiries you should expect to see police officers in the local area."

Anyone who believes they have information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 607 of June 11 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
