```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Kings Langley are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2019
title: CCTV appeal following commercial burglary in Kings Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-commercial-burglary-in-kings-langley-2343c
```

* ### Police would like to speak to the man pictured as part of their enquiries following a commercial burglary in Kings Langley.

 * ### At around 3.30am on December 22 offenders gained entry to a business unit in Langley Wharf.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Holding.

Officers investigating a burglary in Kings Langley are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

At around 3.30am on December 22, offenders gained entry to a business unit in Langley Wharf, Railway Terrace, by smashing a window.

They entered the premises stealing items before leaving.

PC Chris Holding, who is investigating, said: "Although the man's face in this image is not particularly clear his jacket is quite distinctive so I'm hoping that someone may be able to help us identify him.

"We'd like to speak to this man as we believe he may have information that can help our enquiries."

Anyone who recognises him or has information that can assist the investigation is asked to contact PC Holding by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/68328/18 or report information online.

If you'd prefer to remain 100% anonymous, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

CCTV image
