```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is urging drivers to ensure their car keys are secure following a number of vehicle thefts in Dacorum.
publish:
  date: 4 May 2018
title: Are your vehicle keys secure?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Are-your-vehicle-keys-secure-0165D
```

* ### Several vehicles have been stolen in Dacorum after thieves broke into homes to steal the keys.

 * ### Drivers are advised to keep vehicle keys away from front doors and windowsills to prevent easy access for offenders.

 * ### If you have a keyless vehicle, keep the fob as far away as possible, in a metal lined case.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is urging drivers to ensure their car keys are secure following a number of vehicle thefts in Dacorum.

Since March 1, 2018, police have received seven reports of vehicles being taken after offenders broke into homes to steal the keys.

Addresses have been targeted in Markyate, Hemel Hempstead, Tring and Berkhamsted. In some instances, the vehicles have been recovered.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Paul Mitson said: "We would always advise that keys are kept well-hidden, away from front doors and windowsills, to help prevent opportunist thieves having easy access to them.

"If you have a keyless vehicle, it is advisable to take extra security measures, such as storing the fob in a metal lined case, as far away from the vehicle as possible. This will help prevent offenders from being able to use equipment to scan for a key signal and starting the vehicle from outside an address."

CI Mitson added: "We have targeted patrols in place and are employing a number of tactics to try and trace those responsible for the thefts. The public can also assist us by reporting any suspicious activity to police straight away. If you believe a crime is in progress or offenders are still in the area, always dial 999."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dacorum police via the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Further information on how to keep your property more secure is available on the 'Advice' section of the Herts Police website.
