```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Offenders who have committed some of the most serious and horrendous crimes across Beds, Cambs and Herts have together been locked away for more than 3,000 years since tri-force collaboration of the Major Crime Unit in April 2012.
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2018
title: Major Crime Unit reach 3000 years of sentencings
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/major-crime-unit-3000-years-of-sentencing
```

* ### Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit secure 3000 years of sentencings

 * ### The teams deal with some of the most serious crimes across the three counties

 * ### Four men sentenced in relation to an incident in South Oxhey took the total to over 3000 years

Offenders who have committed some of the most serious and horrendous crimes across Beds, Cambs and Herts have together been locked away for more than 3,000 years since tri-force collaboration of the Major Crime Unit in April 2012.

Detective Superintendent Jo Walker leads the unit and said: "Seeking justice for victims and their families is at the heart of what we do. The mix of skills and specialist knowledge of our staff and officers on the unit allow us to track down offenders and build cases to bring them before the court."

A short video showing a snapshot of the types of investigations the BCH MCU deal with can be seen here.

D.Supt Walker continued: "It is not only the work of my officers and staff who play a part in dealing with these investigations. We work closely with colleagues and partners in many different departments across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire to deliver justice and reassure our communities."

The tri-force unit is made up of more than 100 detectives and 70 staff who investigate all major crimes across the three counties. The offences they deal with include murder, manslaughter, stranger rape and kidnap and extortion as well as cold case (historic) offences. At any one time the teams are investigating up to 50 cases across the three forces.

The sentencing of four men to 100 years in prison in total for a shooting in South Oxhey took the total to more than 3,000 years.

The Major Crime Unit reached 2000 years of sentencing in December 2015. These are some of the operations which have been investigated since that time:

** **

**Hertfordshire**

In March 2016 a man was given a life sentence to serve a minimum of 16 years in custody for deliberately running over and killing Frank Buckley in Turnford in June 2015.

In April 2016 a man was given a 15 year sentence with a five year extended licence for the attempted murder of his girlfriend who he threw from a balcony in Hemel Hempstead in June 2015.

In February 2016 a man was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of 23 years for stabbing Emille Stapleton to death in St Albans.

In June 2016 two men were sentenced for dangerous driving and affray in connection with an incident in Codicote in August 2015 in which a man was assaulted before a car was driven at him.

A woman was sentenced in December 2016 to 20 years in prison for the murder of her half-sister, Nicola Collingbourne, at her home in Letchworth.

In February 2017 two men were sentenced to 14 years and 7 years in prison in connection with a shooting which occurred at a party in High Elms Manor.

In February 2017 a man was sentenced to life to serve a minimum of 34 years for murdering his fiancee Helen Bailey at their home in Royston.

A man was jailed for nine years in May 2017 for the murder of another man he punched during a night out in Watford.

In July 2017 one man was sentenced to life to serve a minimum of 25 years for murder and a second man was sentenced to nine years for manslaughter and two years for conspiracy to supply drugs to run consecutively following the death of Adam Watt in Hemel Hempstead in January 2017 over a minor drug debt.

Four men who targeted a man in Stevenage were sentenced in August 2017 to at least five years each for blackmail.

In August 2017 a man was sentenced to eight years in prison for manslaughter having stabbed his father-in-law to death in Letchworth.

A man was sentenced to 17 years in prison in October 2017 for the attempted murder of Verinder Rajput at a flat in St Albans.

In December 2017 four men were sentenced to 100 years in prison in total for their role in a conspiracy to murder after a man was shot in South Oxhey.

** **

**Bedfordshire**

In April 2016 a man was found guilty of the manslaughter of Tomas Juska and one month later sentenced to four years in prison. Tomas had been punched to the head outside a nightclub in Dunstable in August 2015. He was taken to hospital where he died the next day.

On 4 January 2016 Atul Shah was found dead in his flat in Luton. In September 2016 one man received a life sentence with a minimum tariff of 30 years, another was sentenced to life with a minimum of 26 years. A woman was given an 18 month sentence for conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and 12 months for conspiracy to burgle to run consecutively.

In July 2016 a man was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of 23 years for murdering 13 month old Noah Serra-Morrison in Luton. The boy's mother was sentenced to six and half years for causing or allowing his death and cruelty by wilful neglect.

In November 2016 a man was detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act having pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility following the death of Ashwin Desai. The victim was assaulted with a fire extinguisher in a hotel lift in Luton in September 2015.

A Doctor was sentenced to two and a half years in prison in September 2016 for indecent assaults which occurred between 1999 and 2009.

In February 2017 a man was jailed for 28 months having accidently shot a friend with a loaded rifle at a flat in Luton.

Also in February 2017 a man was sentenced to ten years in prison for the manslaughter of Patrick Maloney in Leighton Buzzard in August 2016.

In April 2017 a man was sentenced to five years for the manslaughter of his friend Mark Munday who died from a single punch during an argument in a Bedford pub.

In June 2017 six men were sentenced to a total of more than 60 years in connection with a kidnap which occurred in Luton in June 2016.

In September 2017 a Bedfordshire police officer was sentenced to 18 months in prison for blackmail and 18 months for Misconduct in a Public Office to run concurrently. At the Court of Appeal in November his sentenced was increased to three years for each count to run concurrently.

In October 2017 a woman was given a life sentence and ordered to serve a minimum of 22 years for murdering her sister in Luton.

** **

**Cambridgeshire**

In August 2015 a man beheaded his wife Samantha Ho at their home in St Neots. He was detained under the mental health act indefinitely in March 2016.

In June 2015 Jeff Henry was assaulted and died in hospital less than a week later. Two men, were given 22 years and 16 and a half years respectively for manslaughter. A third man was jailed for four years and six months for assisting an offender.

In August 2016 a man was sentenced to life in prison to serve a minimum of 11 years for stabbing Marius Micebicius at a property in Wisbech.

In October 2016 a man was sentenced to life to serve a minimum 20 years for the murder of Laraine Rayner at a property in Wisbech.

In November 2016 two men were sentenced for manslaughter and robbery having assaulted pizza delivery driver Ali Qasemi in Peterborough.

In December 2016 two men were sentenced to 20 years each in prison for their role in an aggravated burglary which occurred in Coton in November 2014, A third man was received 9.5 years for handling stolen.

In April 2017 a man was sentenced to life to serve a minimum of 25 years and 20 years for attempted murder to run concurrently following an attack on a man and a woman at a flat in St Ives in February 2017.

Four men were sentenced to a total of 35 years in October 2017 for kidnapping a man from Peterborough.

In October 2017 a man was sentenced to life in prison to serve a minimum of 18 years having attacked Bradley Carter in his Wisbech home.

Also in October 2017 a man was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 17 and a half years for murdering his partner at their flat in Wisbech.

A man was sentenced in December 2017 to a discretionary life sentence for a rape which occurred in Peterborough in the 1980s and a 12 month custodial sentence to run concurrently for burglary and indecent assault.

In January 2018 a man was sentenced to life to serve a minimum of 23 years in prison for the murder of Abdul Korim, who was stabbed to death in Cambridge in June 2017.
