```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford on Friday, September 14."
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-bishops-stortford-1821A
```

* ### On Friday, September 14, a silver Vauxhall Astra left the Shell Garage in Stansted Road without the driver making any attempts to pay.

 * ### The car is believed to have been using stolen number plates.

 * ### Officers believe the man pictured could have vital information about the incident.

 * ### If you recognise him, or have other information, contact PCSO Scott Rome via 101 or scott.rome@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/36729/18.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Bishop's Stortford on Friday, September 14.

Shortly before 9.30am, a silver Vauxhall Astra filled up with petrol at the Shell Garage in Stansted Road. The driver then left the forecourt without making any attempts to pay.

The car is believed to have been using stolen number plates.

PCSO Scott Rome, who is investigating, said: "I would like to speak to the man pictured as it is believed he was in the area at the time and could have vital information that will assist the investigation.

"I appreciate the image is not of the best quality, but if you recognise the man, or have any other information about what happened, please email or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/36729/18. You can also report information online."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV image
