```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 25 year old man who was arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death of a man in Hoddesdon has been recalled to prison.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2018
title: Hoddesdon shooting update
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hoddesdon-shooting-update-2204
```

A 25 year old man who was arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death of a man in Hoddesdon has been recalled to prison.

He was arrested by officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit on Thursday (December 6) and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue. However, due to pre-existing parole conditions he has been taken back to prison.

A 16 year old boy from Broxbourne, who was also arrested on suspicion of murder, has been bailed by police until January 3.

Officers were called to Ogard Road in Hoddesdon at 9.25pm on Tuesday (December 4) after it was reported that a man - aged in his 20s - had sustained a gunshot wound to his face. He sadly later died in hospital.

Significant enquiries are on-going and officers are continuing to appeal for information and witnesses.

They would particularly like to speak to anyone who in the following areas between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday: Ogard Road, Castle Road, Old Highway, Old Highway Recreation Ground Lee Road and St Cuthberts Road.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/62710/18 or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
