```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2020
title: Did you witness assault in Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-hertford-0679
```

* ### The incident occurred in Railway Street.

 * ### An 18-year-old man was punched and threatened.

 * ### Police are asking witnesses to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Hertford.

The incident occurred in Railway Street, near the junction of St John's Street, sometime between 6pm and 6.30pm on Saturday 19 September.

An 18-year-old man was approached by a group of unknown males who confronted him, before punching him and making threats.

PC James Usher, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries are continuing at this time to establish the circumstances surrounding the incident.

"As this occurred near the town centre and the railway station, there may have been people in the area who saw what happened or who may have witnessed events leading up to the assault. If you have any information which may assist our enquiries, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email james.usher@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/76060/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
