```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Ware and Stanstead Abbotts Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) will be holding an engagement event in Ware this weekend.
publish:
  date: 21 Jul 2020
title: Meet your local officers in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-local-officers-in-ware-0385
```

* ### Officers will be at The Priory grounds.

 * ### Members of the public are invited to discuss any issues they think police should be focusing on locally.

 * ### Feedback will be recorded via echo.

Officers from the Ware and Stanstead Abbotts Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) will be holding an engagement event in Ware this weekend.

The socially-distanced event on Saturday (25 July) will allow people to meet with officers, to discuss any issues they feel police should be focusing their efforts on locally.

The feedback will be recorded via the Constabulary's community voice platform echo and will be used to help shape neighbourhood priorities, initiatives and campaigns moving forward.

Officers will be in The Priory grounds, between 1pm and 3.30pm.

PCSO Nadine Ledger, who has organised the event, said: "Feedback from members of the public is really important to us, as it enables us to gauge the issues which are important to people locally. Please do pop along and say hello and tell us what matters most to you."

If you are unable to attend the event you can still give your feedback by visiting bit.ly/herts-echo or bit.ly/police-ware for Ware and bit.ly/police-sabbotts for Stanstead Abbotts specifically.

In June 2020 the Ware Priority Setting Forum (PSF) was held and three new priorities were set for the coming three months.

The forum is made up of police officers, town council members, local councillors and representatives from schools and local businesses.

Residents will see work being conducted against these priorities which will include increased police presence and targeted enforcement.

The three priories are:

• Tackling youth anti-social behaviour and street drinking in the High Street, Ware, between 6pm and midnight.

• Tackling drug dealing and drug usage in the Folly Estate, Stanstead Abbotts.

• Tackling anti-social behaviour, including off-road bike nuisance and drug usage, in Beacon Park and surrounding fields.
