```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of a woman who died in a collision on the M25 have paid tribute to their \u2018guiding light\u2019."
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2019
title: Tribute to Josephine Cairns
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-josephine-cairns-0092d
```

* ### Josephine Cairns, age 80, sadly passed away following a collision near Kings Langley on the M25 on Wednesday, March 27.

 * ### Josephine's family have paid tribute to their 'guiding light'.

 * ### Her husband Malcolm was injured in the collision and is expected to make a full recovery.

The family of a woman who died in a collision on the M25 have paid tribute to their 'guiding light'.

Josephine Cairns, age 80, sadly passed away following the collision which happened close to Kings Langley on Wednesday, March 27.

Her husband, Malcolm, who was injured, is currently recovering well in hospital and is expected to make a full recovery.

Josephine was originally from Derbyshire and later resided in Chippenham, Wiltshire. She leaves behind three sons, a daughter and four grandchildren.

She met Malcolm in June 2017 on a trip to Iceland and they flew to Scotland to marry a year later in June 2018. They spent the next years blissfully happy and travelling the world.

Josephine's family said: "Mum was a guiding light to all of her family. A true English Rose, full of fun, sharp as a tack and with the most beautiful of smiles. She was the most caring and selfless person who doted on her children and grandchildren.

"She was an incredible poet, keen traveller, amateur artist, skilled embroiderer and a voracious reader. Mum's sole purpose throughout her life was to protect her children and envelop them in boundless love. The epitome of the word 'Mum', she leaves a massive void in all our lives."

_The collision happened shortly before midday on Wednesday, March 27 at junction 20, near Kings Langley. Any witnesses or anyone with information or dash cam footage should call 101 quoting ISR 290 of March 27._
