```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary officers have completed a day of training today, at Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, that will enable them to further support the local LGBT+ community and tackle hate crime towards them.
publish:
  date: 31 Aug 2018
title: "Hertfordshire Constabulary training day boosts officers\u2019 skills in tackling LGBT+ hate crime"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-training-day-boosts-officers-skills-in-tackling-LGBT-hate-crime-1723MD
```

* ### A variety of officers took part, including Hate Crime Officers and LGBT+ Liaison Officers who specifically look after the county's LGBT+ community.

 * ### The training was provided by the national LGBT+ anti-violence charity Galop.

 * ### The Constabulary is working to increase the number of victims reporting offences so that action can be taken and the scale of the problem is better understood.

Hertfordshire Constabulary officers have completed a day of training today, at Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, that will enable them to further support the local LGBT+ community and tackle hate crime towards them.

Today's training, which was provided by the national LGBT+ anti-violence charity Galop, was open to 25 officers and all spaces were filled following high interest in the course. A variety of officers took part, including Hate Crime Officers and LGBT+ Liaison Officers who specifically look after the county's LGBT+ community. Intervention officers (who respond to emergency calls) and Safer Neighbourhood Team Police Constables and Police Community Support Officers also took part.

The officers were able to test their skills and understanding in a variety of exercises and learn from a number of case studies. Areas covered during the training included the barriers in reporting LGBT+ hate crime and what the police can do to fight under reporting.

This is an important issue for the Constabulary and the Force is working to increase the number of victims reporting offences so that action can be taken and the scale of the problem is better understood. In a survey by the Constabulary and the Hertfordshire Football Association earlier this year, it was found that 20 per cent of the county's LGBT+ football fans would not feel comfortable reporting the offence if they were the victim of hate crime at a match. The Constabulary is determined to change this.

**Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, Hertfordshire Constabulary 's Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, said:** "Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to supporting the LGBT+ community and we have Hate Crime Officers who provide specialist help and support when a member of the LGBT+ community is a victim of hate crime. Our LGBT+ Liaison Officers are also vital in supporting the county's LGBT+ community.

"Today's training is another step forward that will help us to tackle LGBT+ hate crime. The training was organised by the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network and I'm delighted that so many officers were keen to sign up and increase their understanding and skills in working with and supporting Hertfordshire's LGBT+ community.

"Being different is not a crime but being victimised because of it is. Hate crimes can have a severe impact on the victim and on the wider community in which they occur. We will not tolerate this and we are committed to ensuring that hate crime is reported so that we can better understand the problem and help to stop it happening. Training sessions like today's are vital in us achieving this."

**Nick Antjoule, Galop's Head of Hate Crime Services said:** "We're pleased to work with Hertfordshire Constabulary to build on their great work challenging hate crime against LGBT+ communities. Violence and abuse targeting LGBT+ people is still a reality for far too many people. We hope this session helps in local officers' work serving the needs of people facing homophobic, transphobic and biphobic crimes."

**David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said:** "Our police force must reflect the society it serves and Hertfordshire Constabulary has taken great steps to ensure officers and staff are well trained to recognise and support victims of hate crime.

"We know hate crime is often underreported but this training should give the public confidence that their reports will be taken seriously and investigated.

"I encourage this work to continue so that the force can provide an exceptional service to all residents, no matter what their background or circumstances."

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity. However if people do not feel comfortable speaking directly to police, hate crime can also be reported online through the True Vision website www.report-it.org.uk which all police forces in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are signed up to. The online report will then be forwarded to the relevant local police force.

Sergeant Steve Alison (Chair of the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Network), Mel Stray (Galop), Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls (Hertfordshire Constabulary’s Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity), Phil Adlem (Galop) The group of officers who took part.
