```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-rickmansworth-0526
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Harefield Road, Rickmansworth.

 * ### On Tuesday 11 August, two men entered a property and stole £100 in cash.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to phone 101.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Rickmansworth.

Last Tuesday (11 August) at around 10.30am, a property in Harefield Road was accessed.

Two men entered the house and asked the victim if she had any money.

Around £100 worth of cash was stolen.

The two men were described as wearing all black clothing, with gloves and face coverings. One of them was said to have an Irish accent.

Detective Constable Nicola Simons, who is investigating, said: "This was understandably a very distressing incident for the victim, who was made to feel unsafe in her own home and has subsequently lost a significant amount of money. The offenders also threatened to harm her pet dog if she didn't comply with their demands, which is just horrific and completely unacceptable.

"We have conducted several extensive enquiries regarding this incident, and are now turning to the public for their help. Were you in the area around the time specified, and perhaps recall seeing someone or something suspicious? If you have any information at all, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Simons directly via email at nicola.simons2@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/63746/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_and tell us your thoughts.
