```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged assault GBH in Ware are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2021
title: Did you witness an assault in Ware?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-ware-1245a
```

* ### The incident occurred in King George Road.

 * ### A man suffered a broken arm following an altercation between a group of males.

 * ### Four people have been arrested and further witnesses are being sought.

Detectives investigating an alleged assault GBH in Ware are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in King George Road, at around 9.55pm on Saturday 20 February.

It was reported that a verbal altercation occurred between a group of men, before turning physical.

One of the men, aged in his mid-50s, subsequently suffered a broken arm.

Detective Constable Samuel Davey, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "While arrests have been made in connection with the incident, our enquiries are very much continuing at this time.

"We're appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please come forward. If you have any information at all that may assist, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Davey via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/12775/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

• Four men have been arrested in connection with the incident and have been bailed until 17 March, pending further enquiries.
