```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following an increase in reports of people receiving fraudulent phone messages across the county.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: Warning to residents after increase in Amazon phone scams
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-to-residents-after-increase-in-amazon-phone-scams-240120
```

* ## Residents warned of fraudulent phone messages.

 * ## Messages claiming to be from Amazon Prime.

 * ## Fraudsters are sing messages to obtain banking details.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following an increase in reports of people receiving fraudulent phone messages across the county.

Victims are receiving voicemail messages saying that they are going to be billed for an Amazon Prime subscription. The message directs the victims to press '1' on their keypad to speak to an account manager, after which they are connected to a fraudster who then demands the victim's bank details to cancel the subscription.

The scammers have also been asking the victims to download an app called 'Team Viewer'. Once this has been installed on a device, the scammers gain remote access to the device and all the personal data that is stored on it.

Action Fraud Case Manager, Elaine Crate, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Victim Fraud Hub, said: "Amazon will never contact its customers via a phone message and ask you to divulge personal and bank details in this way.

"We advise never to click on any links or download apps under these circumstances. Inform your bank immediately if you think you have downloaded a suspect app and do not use your device until it has been analysed by a security professional.

"If you do think you have may have given bank details to a fraudster then please contact your bank immediately to advise them what has happened. You can report the incident to Action Fraud either by telephone on 0300 123 2040 or online at: www.actionfraud.police.uk. Action Fraud is the UK's national reporting centre for fraud. Alternatively if you consider yourself vulnerable please dial 101 to be connected to Hertfordshire Constabulary.

"Please help us to raise awareness by sharing this warning with your friends and family, especially if they are vulnerable or elderly."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice:

• Be sceptical of callers, even those who claim to be officials.
• Don't be afraid to put the phone down with a brief 'No, thank you'.
• NEVER give personal information, such as your date of birth or bank details, to unexpected callers.
• Remember that the police or your bank would NEVER unexpectedly call you and ask you to withdraw cash or move your money to another account, as a result of fraud or any other reason.
• If callers suggest you call your local police or bank to check who they are, use another phone or ensure the line has been fully disconnected by phoning a friend or relative first, or by waiting at least five minutes, otherwise you may think you've phoned a number, but you're simply talking to the fraudsters again. This is a common fraudsters' tactic.
• If a caller asks you to type your bank PIN number into your telephone handset - do not do this, as fraudsters can use technology to identify the numbers.
• You can opt out of many cold calls by registering for free with the Telephone Preference Service on 0845 070 0707.

Visit: www.actionfraud.com or www.herts.police.uk/protectyourmoney for advice on avoiding scams.
