```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Mill End are looking to trace a man who was seen in the area around the time of the incident.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2020
title: "Appeal for information following a burglary \u2013 Mill End"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-a-burglary-mill-end-1484
```

* ### Detectives are investigating a burglary in Long Lane, Mill End, on 17 February

 * ### They are keen to speak to anyone who saw a man walking in the road, into Eastwick Close, between 1pm and 3pm that day

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting crime reference 41/14802/20

Detectives investigating a burglary in Mill End are looking to trace a man who was seen in the area around the time of the incident.

It happened in Long Lane between 10.30am and 4.20pm on Monday 17 February.

Offender(s) forced entry to the property via the rear kitchen door before conducting a search of the downstairs and several upstairs bedrooms.

A laptop, clothes, cash and a variety of jewellery was taken, including a number of wristwatches.

Detective Constable Vanessa Gottman, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We have already conducted a number of enquiries into this incident, which has left the victims understandably upset.

"I am now appealing for the public's help; did you witness any suspicious activity in the vicinity of Long Lane that day? Do you have CCTV fitted to your property? Could you have captured something important?

"The road joins the Uxbridge Road so it's possible that someone may have seen the offenders leaving the area, as the burglary happened during daylight hours.

"In particular, I am keen to hear from anyone who saw a man walking along Long Lane, into Eastwick Close, between 1pm and 3pm that day.

"He is described as a white man wearing a black jacket, black trousers, a grey woolly hat and black Nike trainers displaying a large white tick.

"We believe he may have witnessed what happened, or have important information that could assist us with our enquiries.

"If you have any information at all, even if you think it is minor, then please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/14802/20**."

You can email DC Gottmann at vanessa.gottmann@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
