```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following indecent exposure in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-Hertford-1510A
```

* ### A man indecently exposed himself to two schoolgirls in an alleyway in Hertford.

 * ### The offender was wearing a blue jacket with blue stripes on the arms.

 * ### Patrols are being increased in the local area while officers work to identify the offender.

 * ### Anyone with information that could help identify the offender is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 3.55pm yesterday (Wednesday) two schoolgirls were walking along the alleyway in Morgans Road, when a man called to them and then indecently exposed himself when they looked in his direction.

The offender is described as being a white man, aged between 45 and 50 years old and between 5ft 7in and 5ft 8in tall. He was wearing a blue jacket which he was unable to do up due to his large stomach. The jacket had blue stripes on the arms and the offender had the hood up.

The girls ran away from the man and police were later called by their parents.

Detective Sergeant Angela Griffiths, who is investigating, said: "I understand that this incident will have caused concern among the local community and would like to reassure people that we are taking this report very seriously.

"We have made contact with local schools to make them aware of the incident and share safety advice and are working to identify the offender. While this work is on-going we have increased police patrols in the area.

"This incident happened during a busy time of the day so there is every chance that other people may have seen the offender in the area.

"Anyone with information can contact by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/18/278 or report information online.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously, please contact the crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit information through their anonymous online form.
