```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Cheshunt yesterday (Friday, February 1).
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2019
title: Appeal following collision in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-collision-in-Cheshunt-2488MD
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Cheshunt yesterday (Friday, February 1).

The collision happened at around 9.42pm in Rosedale Way and four vehicles were involved - a silver Toyota Yaris, a silver Honda Civic, a blue BMW Coupe and possibly a blue Volkswagen which was not at the scene when police arrived.

The ambulance and fire service also attended and the road was closed while the incident was dealt with.

Two people were taken to hospital with serious injuries.

PC Tanya Balchin from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the collision or the events leading up to it to get in touch. Similarly, I would urge anyone who might have caught what happened on dash cam to make contact.

"The driver of what is believed to be a blue Volkswagen was not at the scene on arrival and we're particularly keen to trace this man to check that he is ok.

"If you can help, please call 101 or email me at _tanya.balchin2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting ISR 769 of February 1."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
