```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery near North Approach, Watford.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-watford-0666c
```

* ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery near North Approach, Watford.

 * ## On Saturday 12 September, the victim was approached by two men whilst cycling across the footbridge over the A41.

 * ## His bicycle was stolen, and later recovered in Dodd Way.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery near North Approach, Watford.

The incident happened on Saturday 12 September, at around 11.30am.

The victim was cycling across the footbridge that crosses the A41 dual carriageway. Upon exiting the bridge, two unknown men grabbed the victim and attempted to take his bicycle.

The three were involved in an altercation, before the victim ran off in the direction of Leggatts Way.

Detective Constable Jennifer Stoddart, who is investigating, said: "Luckily, the bicycle was recovered. It was later located in Dodd Road, and is undergoing forensic testing. We would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed this incident, or anyone who has any information they think could assist with our enquiries. Any information, even something that may seem insignificant, could be key to our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact DC Stoddart directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/73091/20.**

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

 * **Two people - a 16-year-old boy from Watford and a 17-year-old boy from Bushey - have been arrested on suspicion of robbery. They have since been released under investigation while enquiries continue. **

**

**
