```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Police are warning drivers and businesses to be vigilant following an increase in thefts of catalytic converters from vehicles, specifically in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2019
title: Motorists advised after series of catalytic converter thefts in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motorists-advised-after-series-of-catalytic-converter-thefts-in-hemel-hempstead-0844d
```

* ## Police are warning the public to be vigilant following an increase in theft of catalytic converters.

 * ## This is specifically concerning the Hemel Hempstead area.

 * ## Toyota Prius vehicles appear to be a particular target.

Hertfordshire Constabulary are warning drivers and businesses to be vigilant following an increase in thefts of catalytic converters from vehicles, specifically in Hemel Hempstead.

Catalytic converters, which are fitted to the vehicles' exhaust system, are targeted by thieves because of the precious metals they contain. Toyota Prius vehicles appear to be a particular target, with more than half of recorded catalytic converter thefts in the county involving this model.

On Monday 9 September, at approximately 4.30pm, a catalytic convertor was stolen from a vehicle in Hollybush Lane **(41/81851/19)**. On the same day, between 4.50pm and 5.05pm, one was stolen from a vehicle in Pudding Lane **(41/81864/19)**.

On Tuesday 10 September, between 4pm and 4.20pm, a catalytic convertor was stolen from a vehicle in Fennycroft Road **(41/82043/19)**.

On Thursday 12 September, between 4.30pm and 5.50pm, a catalytic convertor was stolen from a motor vehicle that was parked in a public car park on Park Road **(41/83338/19)**.

On Sunday 15 September, at approximately 2.15pm, one was stolen from a motor vehicle in Great Sturgess Road **(41/83782/19)**.

On Tuesday 17 September, a man returned from a week long holiday to find that the catalytic convertor had been stolen from his Toyota Prius **(41/84588/19)**.

PCSO Daniel McManus, from the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are asking the public to be aware and remain vigilant, as we have had multiple reports of stolen catalytic converters across Hemel Hempstead this month.

"Please remain cautious as thefts are happening both day and night - it is worth taking extra measures to ensure you won't fall victim to this crime."

 * If you are unable to lock your car in a garage when parked at night, we recommend that where possible you park your vehicle by reversing against a wall or fence and park as close to the kerb as possible as this will make it difficult for thieves to access the catalytic converter.

 * If you leave your car in a car park overnight, be sure to look for one with a Secured Car Park sign, as this means it will have recognised levels of security.

 * If you leave your car on your street, or in your drive, consider installing CCTV cameras as they will deter thieves.

 * You can also get your catalytic converter forensically marked, get protective coverings fitted on it, or have the bolts securing it in place welded to make removal more difficult.

If you have any information regarding the theft of catalytic converters in Hertfordshire, you can report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
