```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating the theft of a bank card in Hoddesdon have released CCTV images of some people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Images released following theft of bank card
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Images-released-following-theft-of-bank-card-0418
```

CCTV image

 * ### Appeal following theft of a bank card from ATM in Hoddesdon

 * ### The individuals pictured may have information vital to the investigation

 * ### If you recognise them please contact 101 quoting crime reference 41/6455/18

Police investigating the theft of a bank card in Hoddesdon have released CCTV images of some people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

A man in his 70s was using a cash machine at Natwest Bank in Hoddesdon town centre when he was approached by two men and a woman. The victim's bank card was taken and was later used at Sainsbury's in the town centre.

Officers would like to speak with the people pictured as they may have been in the area at the time and could have information which would assist the investigation.

The incident occurred between 12.30pm and 1pm on Sunday, June 10.

Anyone who recognises them, or has information about the theft, is asked to contact police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/6455/18. You can also report information online at: www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice around safety at cash machines:**

 * NEVER disclose your Personal Identification Number (PIN) to anyone.
 * Always look around you when approaching and using the cash point, if you see anyone acting suspiciously call police or a bank official.
 * If you think a cash machine has been tampered with call police immediately and inform the bank.
 * Where possible, use a cash machine inside a bank or building society.

CCTV image
