```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Broxbourne will be running a knife crime campaign in the borough, in support of a national campaign, Operation Sceptre, between Tuesday, September 18 and Monday, September 24.
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2018
title: Knife Amnesty in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife-amnesty-in-waltham-cross-1711
```

* ## A knife amnesty is running in Waltham Cross - September 19 and September 22

 * ## Knives can be surrendered anonymously in a bin located at the Eleanor Cross Memorial

 * ## Knife crime operations will be running across Broxbourne during the week

Police in Broxbourne will be running a knife crime campaign in the borough, in support of a national campaign, Operation Sceptre, between Tuesday, September 18 and Monday, September 24.

Anyone wanting to surrender a knife anonymously can come along to Waltham Cross High Street, by the Eleanor Cross monument, between 11am and 5pm on Wednesday, September 19 and Saturday, September 22. During the amnesty knives can be surrendered in the bin provided, anonymously and without fear of prosecution for possession of these items.

As part of a wider strategy to reduce knife crime in Hertfordshire, officers will be conducting knife detection operations, in partnership with Broxbourne Council and British Transport Police at locations around the borough. PCSOs will also be visiting schools to speak to pupils about the dangers of carrying a knife and officers will also be conducting high visibility patrols in areas where knife crime has been occurring.

Police Inspector Roy Stammers said: "This amnesty is an opportunity for anyone to anonymously surrender an illegal knife, a knife they do not feel they should have or a knife they simply want to dispose of safely. Carrying a knife does not make you safer, it is illegal and makes you far more likely to be injured or arrested. If you want to dispose of a knife safely, you can also surrender them at Hatfield, Stevenage or Watford Police Stations.

"As part of Hertfordshire's Serious Violent Crime Strategy and with significant levels of funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, we are working in partnership with local government, schools and other agencies to develop long term plans to deter the carrying of knives through education and enforcement action."
