```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team joined emergency services colleagues to deliver road safety messages to 120 sixth form students.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2019
title: Officers drive home road safety messages to college students
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-drive-home-road-safety-messages-to-college-students-1172
```

* ### Police were joined by the fire and ambulance services for the event.

 * ### 120 college students took part.

 * ### British Touring Car driver Ashley Sutton also attended.

Officers from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team joined emergency services colleagues to deliver road safety messages to 120 sixth form students.

The 'Keep racing on the track' event was held at St Edmunds College, near Ware, on Tuesday (10 December).

It was also supported by locally based racing team BMR who arranged for their 2017 British Touring Car championship winning driver, Ashley Sutton, to be in attendance, to assist in delivering the presentation and give advice on road safety.

Following a presentation from Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace, Ashley spoke to the students about his own driving experiences away from the track and gave a frank and honest account of being personally involved in a crash as a new driver.

The presentation focused on the choices new drivers face and the potential consequences they may face should those choices be poor.

Colleagues from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and the East of England Ambulance service first responders then gave a demonstration, focussing on dealing with the scene of a road traffic collision, including cutting the roof of a vehicle and rescuing a casualty on a spinal board.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace said: "It was a hugely productive session and really thought provoking for the students. We had thirty two new drivers in the audience with many more who are likely to be taking to the roads soon. I hope the event gave them some helpful insights and encourages them to drive sensibly and safely.

"I'd like to thank Ashley for coming along and contributing, our colleagues from the fire and ambulance services for their time and effort on delivering these vital messages and PC Dave Miller for facilitating the event. If it prevents one collision, or a student getting injured, then our time will have been well invested."

You can watch the demonstration here.
