```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two incidents of indecent exposure in a public place in St Albans, have appealed for anyone who has information to get in contact with them.
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following two indecent exposures in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-two-indecent-exposures-in-st-albans-0354f
```

* ### Officers are investigating two incidents of indecent exposer in St Albans.

 * ### The first incident took place in Hollywell Hill and the second incident took place in Cottonmill Lane.

 * ### Hertfordshire Constabulary are looking for anyone with information to get in contact with them.

Officers investigating two incidents of indecent exposure in a public place in St Albans, have appealed for anyone who has information to get in contact with them.

Both incidents took place within several days of each other, with the first happening in Holywell Hill at around 5pm on Thursday 6 June.

A man was seen touching himself inappropriately in between trees close to Cottonmill Lane.

The suspect was described as tall, thin and wore a dark hoody which was over his head.

The second incident took place at 2am on Monday 10 June in Station Way.

Another man - who exposed his genitals - approached and followed a woman down Station Way before heading off in a different direction - possibly towards Hatfield Road or Victoria Street.

The suspect is described as being a white man, around 5'10" tall, rotund and approximately 40 years old. He had short brown wispy hair that was balding on top. He was wearing glasses and a chequered shirt with a beige jacket..

Detective Constable Ian Jordan from the St Albans Local Crime Unit - who is investigating said: "This was an understandably unsettling incident for the victims. I want to reassure both victims and the community that we are doing all we can to identify the people responsible.

"I would urge anyone with information to email me or report information online _._

_" You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here_ _ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/52152/19 for the incident in Holywell Hill or 41/52186/19 for the incident in Holywell Hill." _

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
