```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Letchworth and Baldock residents are being asked what local crime or anti-social behaviour-related issues should be focussed on in the coming months.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: Have your say on how we police Letchworth and Baldock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-how-we-police-letchworth-and-baldock-1149
```

Letchworth and Baldock residents are being asked what local crime or anti-social behaviour-related issues should be focussed on in the coming months.

An online survey has been set up, allowing people to anonymously provide their thoughts and feedback, to help their local Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities.

Sergeant Stephen Oliphant, of the Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "In normal circumstances we would be holding a priority setting event where members of the community could attend and give their views in person. Obviously, this cannot happen with the current restrictions but we would still like people's views.

"My team is responsible for helping to solve local crime and anti-social behaviour issues that are having a negative impact on the community. We work with partners including the local council and the public themselves to tackle these issues at the source, where possible, and to stop these issues reoccurring.

"If you live in Letchworth or Baldock, and are interested in having a say in what your local police should concentrate on as priorities, please take the time to complete the online survey which will be running for five days from tomorrow (Wednesday 3 February)."

There are two ways that you can share your thoughts. If you are already signed up to Neighbourhood Watch and OWL, you will automatically be invited to tell us your views. If you are not already a member you can sign up at www.owl.co.uk . As well as letting us know what you think, you will also be able to hear what work has been done around the existing policing priorities, as well as looking ahead at what needs to be tackled in the future.

"I would urge as many local residents as possible to participate in the survey. Your local SNT are here to respond to the issues that matter most to you, the community we serve. Your views will shape our policing priorities for the coming months," continued Sergeant Oliphant.

"If you are unable to join us via OWL, you can submit your feedback by taking part via 'echo', our community feedback platform. Go to bit.ly/police-lb to submit your views. All feedback will be reviewed and the more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to our community, where services are working well for you or where we need to improve. As well as helping us to set our priorities, we will also use the feedback to shape our local campaigns and initiatives. Echo is completely anonymous, but please try to be as specific as possible if you are referring to certain streets or areas."

* Please note echo is not for reporting crime. To report a crime, you can call 101 or visit herts.police.uk/report or herts.police.uk/webchat. In an emergency always dial 999.
