```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a forklift truck in East Herts.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2021
title: Have you seen forklift truck stolen from East Herts?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-forklift-truck-stolen-from-east-herts-1169a
```

* ### The forklift was stolen from the Ware park area, near Bengeo.

 * ### It was driven through fields before being loaded onto a vehicle.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a forklift truck in East Herts.

The machine (pictured) was stolen from the Ware Park area, near Bengeo, sometime between 4.30pm on Wednesday 3 February and 10am the following day.

It is believed the machine was driven through fields, before being loaded onto a vehicle which left the area through Bengeo.

PC Dean Watson, who is investigating, said: "This particular machine is highly distinctive so I am hoping that anyone who has come across it will remember doing so. I am keen to hear from anyone who may know of its whereabouts.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have been driving in the area between the times stated and captured dash cam footage which could assist enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Dean Watson.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/8373/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
