```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of Darren Wade, who died in a road traffic collision in Standon, has paid tribute to a \u201Chard-working and loving family man\u201D."
publish:
  date: 6 Sep 2019
title: Tributes paid to Darren Wade
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tributes-paid-to-darren-wade-0733a
```

* ### Family pay tribute to Darren Wade from Harlow.

 * ### Darren died in a motorcycle collision on the A120 near Standon.

 * ### The 37-year-old described as a "hard-working and loving family man".

The family of Darren Wade, who died in a road traffic collision in Standon, has paid tribute to a "hard-working and loving family man".

Darren, aged 37 and from Harlow, sadly lost his life following the collision on the A120 on Wednesday 7 August.

The father-of-two grew up in Enfield where he attended Albany School. He worked for Medlocks Electrical Distributors in Waltham Cross for many years, then moved onto working for DHL. He was a Formula 1 fan - in particular of Lewis Hamilton - and loved plain food, especially fillet steak.

Darren's wife Amy said: "Darren will be hugely missed by all that knew him. He has left a large hole in our hearts that cannot be filled.

"He was a hard-working and loving family man who would chat to anyone. Darren was well known for his chattiness and friendliness, and got on with everyone.

"Wherever we went someone knew his face. He was in a job he loved and had lots of potential for the future."

Darren leaves behind an 8-year-old daughter, 5-year-old son and wife Amy. The family have received support from specially trained officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit.

The collision occurred shortly before 10pm. Darren had been riding his Suzuki motorcycle. No other vehicles were believed to be involved.

Amy added: "I would like to thank the ladies who stayed with Darren until the emergency services arrived."
