```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Enfield has been sentenced at St Albans Crown Court after pleading guilty to burglary.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2017
title: Man sentenced for burglary at Waltham Cross charity shop
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man_sentenced_for_burglary_at_Waltham_Cross_charity_1352
```

* ### Enfield man pleads guilty to burglary at Waltham Cross charity shop

 * ### Terry Lewis, 41, fined £426 and ordered to carry out 40 hours community service

 * ### Lewis broke into charity shop and stole cash from charity box and safe

A man from Enfield has been sentenced at St Albans Crown Court after pleading guilty to burglary.

Forty one year old Terry Lewis, from Bullsmoor Lane, Enfield, pleaded guilty to a burglary which occurred at the British Heart Foundation charity shop in Waltham Cross in June 2015.

Lewis entered the shop via a locked and boarded up rear window, making an untidy search which caused damage to the premises. He stole several items including cameras and cash from a charity box and the charity's safe.

Lewis was arrested at his home address on suspicion of burglary on December 14, 2017 and was subsequently charged for two burglaries and remanded at Stevenage Police Station, appearing at Hatfield Remand Court on December 16, 2017.

Lewis pleaded guilty to both offences and was given a fine of £426 which will be deducted from his benefits. He was also given a community order of 40 hours of unpaid work to be completed by December 2018.

Broxbourne Detective Inspector Tom Leeks said: "Justice has been served on Lewis, a burglar who targeted a charity and took donations intended to help people in need. This case demonstrates the patience and perseverance employed by my officers to ensure justice was done."
