```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Cheshunt has had his driving licence revoked after cannisters of nitrous oxide were discovered in his vehicle by police.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: Cheshunt man has driving licence revoked
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cheshunt-man-has-driving-licence-revoked-0740k
```

* ### A driver from Cheshunt has had his driving licence revoked after nitrous oxide canisters were found in his vehicle.

 * ### Concerns were raised to the DVLA about the risk of a serious road collision.

 * ### Revoking a licence is deemed a powerful tool to secure public safety.

A man from Cheshunt has had his driving licence revoked after canisters of nitrous oxide were discovered in his vehicle by police.

The man was stopped on High Road, Wormley, in July and subsequently arrested on suspicion of possession of a psychoactive substance with intent to supply.

He admitted during interview that the canisters were for personal use and no further action was taken.

PC Stuart Rogers, of the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "While no further action was taken in respect of the possession of the canisters themselves, it was however felt that if the man was allowed to continue to drive in future, he would pose a significant risk to other road users, as well as himself, if he was under the influence of nitrous oxide.

"Therefore, an Op Revoke ***** referral was submitted and as a direct result, he had his driving licence rescinded by the DVLA."

Op Revoke's purpose is to proactively identify UK driving licence holders who present a risk of serious road collisions. The process sees a licence revoked indefinitely, or until the person reapplies for it. However, they would need to satisfy the DVLA that they meet their required criteria before a licence is reissued.

PC Rogers continued: "Revoking a licence is a powerful tool which can be used in these circumstances and I'm pleased this driver is off our roads and no longer able to present a danger to himself or others. I hope this sends a clear message to motorists that we will not hesitate to take this course of action, where we believe there is a real threat to public safety."

\----------------------------------------

***** Op Revoke's purpose is to proactively identify UK driving licence holders who present a risk of serious road collisions.

It is a licence holder's responsibility to update the DVLA with any medical conditions they may have which will includes using prescribed drugs, illegal drugs and legal highs.

All DVLA enquiries surrounding drug use and driving can be found here https://www.gov.uk/drug-use-and-driving and https://www.gov.uk/drug-driving-law

A referral can be made to the DVLA who manage the licence and decide upon the appropriate action to be taken.

Revoke may impact licence holders who are deemed to be a danger to others or it could be a way to impact criminal offenders.
