```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an assault in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2020
title: Assault in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-hertford-0856a
```

* ## The incident occurred near the tennis courts on Hartham Common.

 * ## A 17-year-old boy was struck to the face following a verbal altercation with a group of unknown males.

 * ## Witnesses are asked to contact police.

Police investigating an assault in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred on Hartham Common, near the tennis courts, at around 5.45pm on Sunday 1 November.

The victim, a 17-year-old boy, was in the area with his friends when they were approached by a large group of unknown males.

A verbal altercation ensued, before the victim was chased and struck with an unknown object, which caused a laceration under his right eye.

He was able to run off and seek help.

The suspect is described as wearing a black body warmer, a dark blue or black North Face tracksuit and black Vapormax sport trainers.

He was among a group of around 15 males, who were all wearing face masks or balaclavas and some were on electric scooters.

PC Sue Loughran, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened or who may have seen the group in the area to please get in touch. Any information at all may assist us."

Anyone with information is asked to email PC Sue Loughran.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/88162/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
