```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "With Halloween only around the corner and bonfire night hot on its heels, we want to remind people to remain vigilant and respectful as they take part in this year\u2019s activities."
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2019
title: Win tickets to Harry Potter World or 360 Play with our Halloween quiz
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/win-tickets-to-harry-potter-world-with-our-halloween-quiz-0904
```

* ### Win prizes including tickets to Harry Potter World or 360 Play for you and your family with our Halloween quiz.

 * ### Hertfordshire Constbulary are reminding people to be vigilant and take care during Trick or Treating and Bonfire Night.

 * ### More advice is available at _www.herts.police.uk/halloween_ where you can also download a 'Trick-or-Treaters Welcome' or a 'No Trick or Treaters' poster.

With Halloween only around the corner and bonfire night hot on its heels, we want to remind people to remain vigilant and respectful as they take part in this year's activities.

For the vast majority, Halloween and bonfire night brings joy, as it's a time to celebrate with friends and family with Trick or Treating and fireworks. But for others it can be a miserable time of year.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding all those taking part in the festivities, to think about how their behaviour could affect their neighbours and vulnerable people, like the elderly, those with young children, or those living alone.

At this time of year there is often an increase in the number of calls police receive relating to anti-social behaviour and criminal damage, which often causes distress and worry to many residents.

As in previous years, police will again have an increased number of officers on duty and will be carrying out extra high visibility and covert patrols to ensure everyone has a safe and enjoyable time.

Officers from Safer Neighbourhood Teams across the county will be working with local councils, the Fire and Rescue Service and businesses to make sure anti-social behaviour remains low.

If children (and parents) are planning to go trick or treating we ask that you consider the following advice to help you stay safe and not cause distress to others: _ _

 1. Never go trick or treating alone and always take an adult with you.
 2. Don't knock on the doors of strangers (or look out for signs that trick or treaters are welcome, such as Halloween decorations).
 3. Keep your Halloween 'tricks' safe - damage to property or hurting someone is a crime. Threatening and abusive behaviour can amount to an offence too.
 4. Remember road safety rules, particularly after dark.
 5. Wear something bright so that drivers can see you.
 6. If you are planning on hosting your own firework party make sure you tell all your neighbours, especially those with pets who may be affected by the noise.

Police are also reminding residents that if they are going out to a Halloween party or firework display, to make sure they lock their homes securely and leave a light on to give their home a lived-in-look.

Chief Inspector David Partridge, who is coordinating the Constabulary's activity around Halloween and Bonfire Night, said: "Halloween and Firework Night can be great fun, but some residents, particularly those living alone, can feel frightened or intimidated.

"We don't want to stop anyone from enjoy themselves, but damage to property, causing injury or intimidating people are crimes and will be dealt with as such. There will be more officers on patrol during this period, so we will be able to respond quickly to any incidents, as well as providing a highly visible and reassuring presence."

"We don't want to stop anyone from enjoy themselves, but damage to property, causing injury or intimidating people are crimes and will be dealt with as such. There will be more officers on patrol during this period, so we will be able to respond quickly to any incidents, as well as providing a highly visible and reassuring presence."

More advice is available at _www.herts.police.uk/halloween_ where you can also download a 'Trick-or-Treaters Welcome' or a 'No Trick or Treaters' poster. There is also a children's quiz online at _www.herts.police.uk/halloween_ - where entrants can win family tickets to either the Harry Potter Studio Tour or 360 Play in Stevenage.
