```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A property in Letchworth has been closed today (Tuesday 21 January) following an application made by the North Herts Operation Scorpion team, the Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team and settle housing.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2020
title: Letchworth bungalow closed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/letchworth-bungalow-closed-1307g
```

* ## Bungalow closed following complaints from local residents.

 * ## Officers received complaints about ASB and drug related behaviour.

 * ## Drugs found at address following the execution of a search warrant.

A property in Letchworth has been closed (Tuesday 21 January) following an application made by the North Herts Operation Scorpion team, the Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team and settle housing.

The order was granted at Stevenage Magistrates Court to close the property in **Eastern Way** for three months, due to the anti-social behaviour (ASB) of the 35 year old tenant and his associates who were using the address.

North Herts Op Scorpion officers executed a Section 8 Search Warrant due to numerous complaints about drug related activity at the address. Local officers had also received complaints from residents regarding ASB connected to the property, which was having a detrimental effect on their lives.

Working with the settle housing association and other agencies, officers applied to have the address closed for a three month period to give the local community some respite from the issues, whilst the problem is addressed. The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It bans anyone from entering the property for a period of three months.

Anti-social Behaviour Officer Jeanette Dallimore said: "Officers were called to the address on numerous occasions due to reports of anti-social behaviour and a successful Section 8 Warrant was executed where a quantity of drugs were found".

"Local residents should not have to put up with this kind of activity impacting on their daily lives in this way and we would urge anyone experiencing similar problems to get in touch with their local police team.

"We take reports like this very seriously and will always investigate. This is not always a quick process, but we always try and work with our partners to secure a satisfactory outcome."

You can contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Officers by calling 101. You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
