```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with murder following a fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2018
title: Man charged following fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-charged-following-fatal-stabbing-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-1493B
```

* ### A man has been charged with murder following a fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18.

 * ### Vinnie Bradshaw, aged 19, from Bassingburn Walk in Welwyn Garden City, will appear at Hatfield Remand Court today.

 * ### An 18 year old man from Welwyn Garden City remains in custody.

A man has been charged with murder following a fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18.

Police were called to Ludwick Way at 10.20pm where a 23 year old man from London was found to have stab wounds which proved to be fatal.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit, renewed his appeal for information and said: "Whilst a man has been charged, I would still like to appeal to witnesses. In particular, we're trying to identify a 4x4 car that was seen to leave the area shortly after the incident.

"I appeal to anyone who might have witnessed something or who knows anything at all about the incident to get in touch with us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Burgundy, or by reporting information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Vinnie Bradshaw, aged 19, from Bassingburn Walk in Welwyn Garden City, has been charged with murder and will appear at Hatfield Remand Court today. An 18 year old man from Welwyn Garden City remains in custody.
