```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to eight months in prison today (Wednesday 26 August) after breaching a Child Abduction Warning Notice.
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2020
title: Man sentenced after breaching a Child Abduction Warning Notice
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-after-breaching-a-child-abduction-warning-notice-0547
```

* ### A man has been sentenced to eight months in prison after breaching a Child Abduction Warning Notice (CAWN)

 * ### Abdul Sekkoum, aged 21, from Enfield, pleaded guilty to two sexual offences against a child

 * ### The offences were in breach of the CAWN which he had been given two years previously

A man has been sentenced to eight months in prison today (Wednesday 26 August) after breaching a Child Abduction Warning Notice.

Abdul Sekkoum, aged 21, of Great Cambridge Road, Enfield, pleaded guilty to the following charges that all relate to one victim, a 15 year old girl:

 * One count of sexual communication with a child

 * One count of engaging in non-penetrative sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 15

Luton Crown Court heard how in 2018, Sekkoum was served a Child Abduction Warning Notice (CAWN) after police officers became concerned about his associations with the victim, who was then aged 13, in the Hertford area.

The conditions of the CAWN prohibited Sekkoum from communicating with the victim, either directly or indirectly, or allowing her to be in his company - either at his home, another location or in his car - before she reached the age of 16.

In March 2020, Sekkoum was released from prison on licence after serving time for unrelated drug offences and in May this year, sexually explicit messages sent by him were found on the victim's phone. Some of the messages referred to sexual activity that had occurred between them. Sekkoum was arrested, charged and remanded as a result.

Detective Constable Sophie Beach, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Halo team, said: "Sekkoum showed complete disregard for the CAWN and continued to sexually exploit the vulnerable victim in order to satisfy his own urges.

"Safeguarding measures have been put in place to support the victim and I hope today's outcome helps her to move forward with her life.

"The Halo team will continue to work tirelessly to protect children and young people from being exploited. If you believe a child or young person you know is being exploited by an adult, please report it to us.

"You can find out more about child exploitation, and the signs to look out for, on our website here. Say something if you see something."

If you are an adult and you don't feel confident reporting your concerns to the police, you can submit information anonymously on the Crimestoppers website at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are a child or young person you can report your concerns anonymously via Fearless, a website where you can access non-judgemental advice on crime and criminality.
