```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Local officers in Stevenage will be hosting special police surgeries in the town in the run up to Christmas.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2017
title: Crime prevention events planned for Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Crime-prevention-events-planned-for-stevenage-1161E
```

* ### Local officers hold crime prevention surgeries in Stevenage.

 * ### Burglary advice ahead of Christmas.

 * ### Officers giving out crime prevention packs.

Local officers in Stevenage will be hosting special police surgeries in the town in the run up to Christmas.

The events will allow local residents to meet their neighbourhood officers and pick up some timely crime prevention advice and tips in the run up to Christmas.

"At this time of year we tend to see an increase in the number of residential burglaries, due to the darker evenings and the lead up to Christmas," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Nic Achilleos. "Unfortunately burglars know that people will be often storing expensive items as gifts in their homes.

"We will be offering advice regarding the latest smart technology designed to make properties more secure and other crime prevention advice to make homes less attractive to would be thieves. We will also be handing out crime prevention packs which include security marking pens and encouraging people to register their valuables with the free online database - Immobilise.

"My officers will also be signing people up to OWL our Online Watch Link, so they can receive up to date information about crime trends and police appeals relating to their area, as well as crime prevention advice and details about up and coming events.

"We have already held one successful event at Tescos at the Glebe on November 8 and we look forward to meeting more residents at the next ones."

The Safer Neighbourhood Team will be available on:

November 26th at Sainsburys, Magpie Crescent - 12 - 4pm

December 9th at Tesco London Road - 12 - 4pm

 Visit **www.owlprotect.uk** for discounts on security products

For further crime prevention advice visit

** **
