```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eight youths from Letchworth have been charged with a total of 28 offences relating to anti-social behaviour following a police operation which has been running for six months.
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2019
title: Youths charged following anti-social behaviour operation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Youths-charged-following-anti-social-behaviour-operation
```

* Group of Letchworth youths charged with 28 offences following six month police operation
 * Working with partner agencies officers have identified eight youths aged between 12 and 15 who are linked to anti-social behaviour issues in the area
 * The charges include theft, common assault, criminal damage, public order, robbery and being in possession of a bladed article.

Eight youths from Letchworth have been charged with a total of 28 offences relating to anti-social behaviour following a police operation which has been running for six months.

Operation Kinematic was set up in response to an increase in the number of incidents of anti-social behaviour being reported in Letchworth town centre. A group of eight young people aged between 12 and 15 have been identified as regularly being involved.

The offences include theft, common assault, criminal damage, public order, robbery and being in possession of a bladed article.

Since March officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team have been working with partners to address this issue. The multi-agency approach has resulted in identifying those involved and meeting with the schools and parents to try to resolve some of the issues.

Other tactics that have been used to tackle the problem include the use of dispersal orders with increased proactive patrols. Two have been granted so far this year to cover Letchworth Town centre. The first was over the weekend of 25 and 26 May, and the second was on 2 August. These orders have helped to minimise the impact of the children's behaviour as they allow officers to remove people from an area and make it a crime if this is not complied with.

Community Safety Sergeant Simon Mullan said: "This group of young people have truly affected the lives of local residents with their persistent anti-social behaviour. I hope our actions have reassured the community that we do take this kind of behaviour very seriously.

"However there is not always a short term fix. As well as dealing with the offences that have been committed we also need to look for long term solutions to prevent the behaviour continuing. This includes working with parents and schools and referrals made to diversionary projects. I would like to thank the local community for their continued patience and support with this matter."

If you have any concerns around anti-social behaviour and would like to speak to a local officer, please contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101. Alternatively you can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._
