```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Speeding operations, deterring anti-social behaviour and tackling drug crime are just some of the things local officers in East Herts have focused on over the past month, as a direct result of feedback from members of the public.
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: "You Said, We Did \u2013 East Herts"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/you-said-we-did-east-herts-0190e
```

* ## Officers have focused there efforts of issues raised by members of the public.

 * ## The feedback was submitted via echo.

 * ## Residents are encouraged to have their say.

Speeding operations, deterring anti-social behaviour and tackling drug crime are just some of the things local officers in East Herts have focused on over the past month, as a direct result of feedback from members of the public.

Residents across Hertfordshire are able to give their views around what matters most to them about policing in their local area, via the digital Community Voice platform echo.

The feedback is completely anonymous and can be submitted online. It is then collated and reviewed by local officers so that action can be taken wherever possible.

Feedback is also discussed at the quarterly Priority Setting Forums where police and local partners set the local policing priorities for the following three months.

Here are just some of the things officers in East Herts focused on throughout May:

**Bishop 's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth**

 * Conducted numerous speed checks in areas including Thorley, Stansted Road, through Spellbrook and in High Wych Road, Sawbridgeworth.
 * Increased patrols during both the day and night, including on foot and by bicycle, to help deter crime and anti-social behaviour.
 * Responded to concerns around drug dealing in Trinity Street and at the cemetery in Bishop's Stortford by increasing patrols.
 * Increased patrols along the River Stort tow path.
 * Advised drivers around inconsiderate parking in the vicinity of Pishiobury Park in Sawbridgeworth.

**East Herts Rural**

 * Conducted numerous speed checks in areas including Buntingford, Cottered and Much Hadham.
 * Regular patrols of rural areas at night.
 * Gave advice to help protect vulnerable premises in remote areas during lockdown.
 * Focusing on heritage crime.

**Hertford**

 * Carried out patrols in Foxholes and The Elms following reports of drug dealing.
 * Secured a closure order on a property in Sele Farm following reports of drug dealing and anti-social behaviour at the address.
 * Work around tacking anti-social moped riding.
 * Night time patrols in Bengeo, following an increase in bikes being stolen from sheds.

**Ware**

 * Work around nuisance off-road bikers.
 * Speed checks in Westmill Road.
 * Tackling drug activity in Stanstead Abbotts, including conducting a warrant at an address.

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "Feedback from members of the public is vital to ensure that local policing resources are focusing on the issues that matter most to them.

"While things may have been a little different over the past couple of months, my local officers have still been out and about, responding to any concerns and issues raised.

"You can follow the work of local officers on Twitter @EastHertsPolice, to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep East Herts a safe place to live, work and visit."

You can give your feedback via the following links:

 * East Herts - bit.ly/police-eherts
 * Bishop's Stortford - bit.ly/police-stortford
 * East Herts Rural - bit.ly/ehrural-police
 * Hertford - bit.ly/police-hford
 * Sawbridgeworth - bit.ly/police-sawbo
 * Ware - bit.ly/police-ware

Please note that echo should not be used to report crime; this should continue to be reported via the usual methods.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
