```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a series of suspected arsons in Hitchin in the early hours of this morning (Saturday December 29).
publish:
  date: 29 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following arson in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-arson-in-Hitchin-2299
```

* ### Witness appeal after three vehicles set alight in Hitchin

 * ### Incidents occurred on Walsworth Road and Dacre Road

 * ### Officers alerted by fire service at 6.15am

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a series of suspected arsons in Hitchin in the early hours of this morning (Saturday December 29).

Officers were alerted by the fire service at 6.15am to two vehicles set alight in Walsworth Road and one on Dacre Road.

The vehicles were a Volkswagen Polo, Renault Clio and a Volvo estate. All received serious damage as a result of the fire.

Damage to a cash point nearby has also been reported damaged after having a brick or other heavy object thrown at it. This criminal damage is currently being linked to the fires by investigating officers.

Detective Sergeant Sarah Gilbertson from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "These fires are being treated as suspected arsons and we have been working with fire service to establish the cause of them.

"We are making active enquiries to find those responsible and patrols have been stepped up in the area as a precaution.

"I would appeal to anyone with information about these incidents or anyone who saw anything suspicious to come forward and speak to us."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Gilbertson on sarah.gilbertson@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 121 of 29/12/2018. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
