```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five people have been arrested and another house closed in Stevenage after local officers took action following reports from local residents about on-going issues with drug crime in their area.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2019
title: Five arrested and house closed in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Five-arrested-and-house-closed-in-Stevenage-0146E
```

* ### Two warrants executed at address in Canterbury Way in Stevenage.

 * ### Five men arrested after officers work with local residents to address the issue of drug crime in the area.

 * ### Local officers sucessfully apply to Stevenage Magistrates' Court to close the property for three months.

Five men have been arrested and another house closed in Stevenage after local officers took action following reports from local residents about on-going issues with drug crime in their area.

Today's results follow weeks of investigative work around the address in Canterbury Way, with officers working closely with the local community to gather evidence.

On Friday April 12, the first warrant was executed at the property. A 21 year old man and a 20 year old man, both from Stevenage, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs. Weapons including hunting knives were also located and seized. Both men have been released under investigation.

At 5pm yesterday (Monday April 29), officers from the Stevenage Operation Scorpion Team and the Safer Neighbour Team attended the address again and executed another warrant. Three Stevenage men aged 22, 18 and 17 were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. Around 30 wraps of what is believed to be cocaine were found at the address and have been seized. Two pepper spray canisters were also seized, along with a number of mobile phones. All of the men have been released under investigation.

Following yesterday's warrant, officers attended Stevenage Magistrates' Court and applied for a closure order on the property. This will prevent anyone from entering the address for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5,000, or both.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "This activity is part of our ongoing work to tackle drug crime in Stevenage. This was an intelligence led operation into drug activity linked to an address in Canterbury Way. We worked closely with the local residents after receiving complaints from them about people using the house in an anti-social manner linked to drug dealing, drug use and people causing a disturbance.

"We take reports like this very seriously and have worked quickly to tackle the issue. I would like to thank the local community for the information they provided, which enabled us to take positive action. I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour of this nature to the police."

**_Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour should call the non-emergency number 101 or report online at www.herts.police.uk/report. Remember if a crime is in progress or someone 's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately._**
