```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 18 years after being found guilty of historical sexual offences against three children in Watford.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2020
title: Man jailed after being found guilty of historic child sex offences - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-after-being-found-guilty-of-historic-child-sex-offences-watford-1503
```

* ### Asif Maqsood, aged 58, of Queen Marys Avenue, Watford, has been jailed for 18 years after being found guilty of historic child sex offences

 * ### He was found guilty of ten counts relating to three separate victims over a period of 13 years, from 1981 to 1994

 * ### He is required to serve 12 years of his sentence before he is eligible for parole

A man has been jailed for 18 years after being found guilty of historical sexual offences against three children in Watford.

Asif Maqsood, also known as Mansoor Asif, of Queen Marys Avenue, Watford, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Wednesday 4 March) following a three-week trial.

The 58 year old was found guilty of seven counts of indecent assault, two counts of gross indecency with or towards a child and one count of rape.

The offences happened at various locations in Watford over the course of 13 years, between 1981 and 1994.

The court heard how the victims - two girls and a boy - were aged between four and 13 during the period of abuse, while Asif was aged between 19 and 33.

Detective Constable Liz McGrath, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Historic Child Abuse Team, said: "Asif's abhorrent actions from the past have caught up with him and justice has finally been done for his three victims, who have had to carry the trauma of his despicable offending since childhood **.**

"I want to commend all three of them, and the witnesses, for the bravery and dignity they have shown throughout the duration of the investigation and the resulting court case.

"We take all reports of sexual abuse extremely seriously, regardless of how much time has passed since the offences. We are here to bring offenders to justice and we will always fully support the victim throughout the investigative process."

Asif will not be considered for parole until he has served 12 years of his sentence. The judge also implemented a Sexual Harm Prevention Order which prohibits his contact with the victims and other children. The order also states that he will not be allowed unsupervised access to media devices. His name will be on the Sex Offenders' Register for life.

If you have been a victim of historic sexual abuse, you can report it to police on the non-emergency number 101, or report it online at herts.police.uk/report.

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact the Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org.
