```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Motorists who pose the biggest risk to the public on the county\u2019s roads are being targeted by road policing officers."
publish:
  date: 30 May 2018
title: Crackdown on high-risk drivers in Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crackdown-on-high-risk-drivers-in-hertfordshire
```

* ### Road policing officers from Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire are cracking down on high-risk drivers across the three counties

 * ### They will use a combination of intelligence, marked and unmarked vehicles and ANPR

 * ### In the past month, the unit have dealt with 33 drivers for different offences

Motorists who pose the biggest risk to the public on the county's roads are being targeted by road policing officers.

Dangerous drivers, repeat drink and drug drivers, those who drive in vehicles of a poor condition or without insurance and MOTs are the main focus of a new campaign to crack down on high risk drivers.

Officers form the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit have been using intelligence, marked and unmarked vehicles and ANPR to catch those who put others at risk on the roads in Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Bedfordshire.

In the past three months the unit have dealt with 33 drivers including seven for driving whilst disqualified and ten for driving without insurance and seized 13 vehicles for no insurance/licence or driving whilst disqualified*.

Inspector Chris Huggins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are committed to making our roads safer for everyone and a big part of this? is ensuring those who pose a serious risk to themselves and innocent road users are taken off the roads.

"Whether through dangerous driving, drink and drug driving or driving whilst disqualified, we will not tolerate those who put others at risk."

Targeting these criminals is part of the unit's day to day work but will now be done under the Op Dragoon brand, something which was initially launched in Northumbria and following its success has been rolled out across other forces.

Officers will be tweeting using the hashtag #OpDragoon. You can follow them on Twitter @roadpoliceBCH.

Members of the public are urged to report road offences online at www.herts.police.uk/report

*In the past three months, the team have dealt with:

 * 3 people wanted on outstanding court warrants
 * 3 people drug driving 7 people driving whilst disqualified
 * 1 person failing to provide a specimen of breath
 * 1 person drink driving 4 people failing to nominate a driver - outstanding for motoring offences
 * 4 people driving otherwise than in accordance with a driving licence
 * 10 people for driving without insurance
 * 13 vehicles seized for no insurance/licence/driving whilst disqualified
