```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released photos of stolen e-bikes in a bid to trace them and return them to their rightful owner.
publish:
  date: 16 Jun 2020
title: Have you seen these stolen e-bikes?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-these-stolen-e-bikes-0210e
```

* ## The e-bikes were stolen during a burglary in Downfield, Hertford Heath.

 * ## The burglary happened between 1pm on Saturday 23 May and 9am on Tuesday 26 May.

 * ## Anyone who has seen the bikes or been offered them for sale should contact police.

Officers have released photos of stolen e-bikes in a bid to trace them and return them to their rightful owner.

The e-bikes were stolen during a burglary in Downfield, Hertford Heath, which happened between 1pm on Saturday 23 May and 9am on Tuesday 26 May. The offender(s) also took a silver flight case containing the charging equipment.

PC Gregg Morris said: "Do you recognise these e-bikes? Have you been offered them for sale?

"They are custom made and look unique so I hope someone out there recognises them and gets in touch.

"I'd also like people to get in touch if they witnessed or have any information about the burglary itself. It is believed that the offender(s) removed the property onto Hogsdell Lane where they potentially left the area in a van. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital for the investigation and may help us track down the stolen e-bikes.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/41419/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
