```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary at a property in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses to the incident.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following burglary at Hatfield property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglary-at-hatfield-property-2093B
```

* **Between 3.45pm and 5.30pm on Wednesday, November 7, a property in Maryland, Hatfield was burgled.**

 * Police are appealing for witnesses after a number of items were stolen including passports, jewellery and cash.

 * Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact Investigator Linda Bunton by calling the non-emergency number 101 quoting 41/54113/18.

Officers investigating a burglary at a property in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses to the incident.

Between 3.45pm and 5.30pm on Wednesday, November 7, offender(s) entered the property in Maryland via the front door and stole a range of items including a standalone grey safe containing three passports, cash and cigarettes.

The offenders also stole a jewellery box containing:

 * an Omega watch
 * a gold chain
 * a choker necklace
 * a Pandora bracelet with seven Disney charms
 * a gold ring with a single diamond

A gold and cream Telecast guitar, a purple and blue Lenovo laptop and a silver Samsung laptop were also stolen.

A bed was also found to be damaged and cut.

Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact Investigator Linda Bunton by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/54113/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form.Crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
