```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are warning people to be on their guard following an attempted robbery in Fairlands Way last night (early hours of Wednesday 4 March).
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: Police issue warning following incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-issue-warning-following-incident-in-stevenage-1271e
```

* ## Police warn of suspicious incident after motorist is fooled into stopping to help teenage boy.

 * ## Motorist sees boy lying on the pavement by the side of the road.

 * ## Once he pulls over to help, teenager and accomplice try to open his car doors.

Police in Stevenage are warning people to be on their guard following an attempted robbery in Fairlands Way last night (early hours of Wednesday 4 March).

The victim was driving along the road at around 12.30am, when he saw a teenage boy lying on the pavement at the side of the road. He pulled over to check the boy was alright and as soon as he stopped the car the boy got up and approached his vehicle. Another man then joined him and started trying the victim's car doors. The victim quickly drove off and called police who immediately attended and searched the area, but the offenders were not located.

"We understand that this type of incident sounds very alarming, and although the victim is very shaken by what has happened, he is unharmed and was not followed by the offenders when he left the scene," explained investigating officer DC Jenny Wilson. "However, we want people to be on their guard and if you witness anyone lying on the pavement or in the road, lock your doors and do not stop at the scene, but call the police immediately or as soon as is safe to do so.

"For most people their first instinct is to help anyone they think is in trouble, and it is sad that we have to advise against this, but at this time, we would urge caution with regards to approaching anyone where the circumstances could be suspicious."

The boy is described as a short white male, with a shaved head and wearing grey tracksuit bottoms and a black jacket. He was also carrying a back pack. The man with him was also white. Anyone who thinks they may have seen these two males, or witnessed as similar incident is asked to email DC Wilson directly.

Alternatively you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/15688/21.

If you wish to remain 100% anonymous - contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

**

**
