```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an altercation between a group of people in a Hemel Hempstead car park are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2018
title: Did you witness altercation in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-altercation-in-Hemel-Hempstead-1872D
```

* ### The altercation occurred in a Hemel Hempstead car park.

 * ### Did you witness what happened?

 * ### Call 101 with information.

Police investigating an altercation between a group of people in a Hemel Hempstead car park are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

The incident took place in the car park at Henry Wells Square, between 4.10pm and 4.50pm on Saturday, February 17.

It is alleged that there was a verbal and physical altercation involving three women and a man. As a result, three assaults were reported to police and two public order offences (verbal abuse).

PC Nicholas Mann, who is investigating, said: "Whilst there were three reports of assaults, none of the victims were seriously injured.

"We have been carrying out a series of enquires into this incident, including viewing local CCTV and speaking to witnesses. However we are now seeking further independent witnesses to the incident.

"If you were in the area at the time and recall seeing an altercation between a group of people, please contact me."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Mann by email or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/18/1676. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
