```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following an increase in motor vehicle crime over recent months, police are issuing advice to residents to help them secure their vehicles.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: Advice issued after vehicle thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Advice-issued-after-vehicle-thefts-2632
```

* ## Advice issued follwoing increase in vehicle crime

 * ## Highest increases in Hertsmere, East Herts and Dacorum

 * ## Visit our crime prevention pages for vehicle security advice

Following an increase in motor vehicle crime over recent months, police are issuing advice to residents to help them secure their vehicles.

Motor vehicle thefts have increased by more than 13 per cent since April (when compared with the same period in the previous year). The areas with the largest increases are:

 * Hertsmere up from 153 offences last year to 208 (36 per cent increase)
 * East Herts up from 103 offences last year to 141 (37 per cent increase)
 * Dacorum up from 187 offences last year to 239 (28 per cent increase)

Thieves often target homes for vehicle keys that have been left close to letter boxes or insecure windows and doors, enabling them to drive the vehicles away. Thieves are also employing special equipment which can hijack the signal from keyless entry fobs that are left inside the home close to where the vehicle is parked. The equipment can be used to unlock the vehicle and even start the engine.

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit said: "Most of the newer vehicles in the UK use a keyless fob and have very sophisticated security systems, however criminals are evolving their tactics all the time and are using technology to bypass these systems allowing them to gain access and steal vehicles.

"You should never give anyone you do not know access to your keys or vehicle and when using remote central locking check the door to ensure they really are locked before leaving your vehicle. You should also get into the habit of storing your fob as far away from your vehicle as possible when at home. Placing keyless entry fobs in a metal box or faraday pouch will make your vehicle even safer."

Following some of these steps will also help to protect your vehicle:

 * Never leave your vehicle keys close to the front door of the home and always keep them in a place of safety. If your vehicle has a keyless entry system ensure you place the vehicle tablet key in your home address, as far away from the vehicle as possible, ideally place the key in a metal box or protective cover to prevent the key signal being read. Approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com

 * Always lock your vehicle. If possible, park your vehicle in a locked, alarmed garage.
 * Investing in a door bell video camera will help deter criminals from targeting vehicles at the front of your property
 * Consider fitting an 'OBD safe' device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's on board diagnostic port, in the vehicle cabin. This prevents criminals using software to code an electronic key for the vehicle. Approved products can be found at www.protectavan.co.uk
 * Never hand vehicle keys over to a third party or leave the vehicle unattended at a valet parking, car wash or other parking places, where criminals can gain access to the vehicle and code a key electronically.
 * If your vehicle is fitted with on board wi-fi consider switching this facility off, if you do not need it which will reduce the chance of criminals hacking into the vehicle' system; your banking details or personal data from linked devices.
 * Consider fitting a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS, to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection. Devices approved by Thatcham help to combat this type of vehicle theft, as vehicles equipped with a tracking device are often promptly recovered. To find our more visit www.tracker.co.uk.
 * Criminals can also employ remote/keyless entry jamming equipment; so make sure your car is locked physically by trying the door handle and viewing the indicators flash, before leaving it.
 * Ensure that 'home' on your vehicle 'Sat Nav' is shown as the post code of your local police station and not your actual home address.
 * If advertising your vehicle for sale online, ensure that the registration number is not displayed when photographed to avoid the cloning of its identity. Always accompany prospective purchasers on a test drive and carry a mobile phone with you for contact in the event of emergency.
 * Use a good quality crook lock or full cover steering wheel security lock to immobilise your vehicle
 * Consider replacing van locks with a high security door lock that is resistant to picking or breaking and slam or deadlocks. Approved products can be found at www.protectavan.co.uk
