```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2017
title: Did you witness collision in Fortuna Close, Stevenage?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-collision-in-FortunaClose-Stevenage-1121E
```

* ### A young boy was found lying seriously injured in Fortuna Close, Stevenage.

 * ### It happened at around 6.30pm on Friday, November 3 - did you witness it?

 * ### Please call 101 quoting ISR 658 of November 3 if you have any information.

Officers investigating a collision in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

Police were called at 6.32pm on Friday, November 3 to reports that a young boy had been found lying seriously injured in Fortuna Close, Stevenage.

The child, a toddler, was taken to the Lister Hospital for assessment before being transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge. He remains in a serious but stable condition.

If you witnessed the collision and have not yet spoken to police, or have any further information that could assist officers with their enquiries, please call 101 quoting ISR 658 of November 3 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 23-year-old man from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, failing to stop at the scene of a collision, GBH, driving otherwise in accordance with a licence and driving without insurance. He has been released on bail while investigations continue. Officers are working to establish the exact circumstances around what happened.
