```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have made multiple arrests over recent weeks, as they tackle drugs activity in Welwyn Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2019
title: Multiple drug arrests across Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/multiple-drug-arrests-across-welwyn-hatfield-0645
```

Officers have made multiple arrests over recent weeks, as they tackle drugs activity in Welwyn Hatfield.

Last week, a man was arrested following a drugs warrant in Cloverland, Hatfield.

The warrant was carried out on Tuesday 6 August by Operation Scorpion, a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime, such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences, by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.

During the warrant, officers found five wraps of suspected class A drugs (heroin).

A 22 year old man from Hatfield was subsequently arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. He has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

On Thursday 25 July, officers arrested a man in Stevenage on suspicion of a drugs offence. Lee Twohig, age 36 of no fixed abode, was charged with possession of Class A drugs (heroin). Following intelligence gathered during the investigation, a warrant was carried out on the same day at an address in Ludwick Way, Welwyn Garden City.

During this warrant, numerous wraps of suspected class A drugs (crack and heroin) were seized and an 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. He has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

PC Angela Wilcox, from Operation Scorpion, said: "Drugs and the associated criminality that comes with them can make residents' lives a real misery. We are committed to getting drugs off the street of Welwyn Hatfield.

"The warrants we conduct are often the result of intelligence from local residents. If you suspect drugs activity in your local area please do not hesitate to let us know."

If you are worried or have information about drugs in your local area, please call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
