```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following attempted robbery - Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-robbery-Stevenage-0617
```

In particular, officers would like to speak to an older couple who they believe saw what happened.

Between 9.30pm and 10pm on Tuesday, 1 September, a 17-year-old boy was approached by five men in the Six Hills Way underpass, close to the Rockingham Way junction. They circled him and demanded money.

The victim managed to get away from the men and ran home.

Detective Constable Trudi Howell said: "As the teenager was fleeing the men he passed an elderly couple who told him to run home as fast as he could, which he did.

"I would like to speak to this couple as I believe they may have seen what happened and could have valuable information that will help our investigation."

The offenders are described as being black, aged in their early 20s, wearing tracksuits and travelling on bicycles.

If you are the couple who was in the area at the time please contact DC Howell by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/70315/20**.

Anyone with information about the incident can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting the crime reference above.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
