```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Mini Police officers from Spellbrook Primary School have been helping officers to educate motorists about safe driving.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2018
title: Mini Police educate drivers in Spellbrook
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini--police-educate-drivers-in-spellbrook1954a
```

* ### Fifteen children from Spellbrook Primary School took part.

 * ### The children are currently taking part in the Mini Police programme.

 * ### More than 20 drivers were stopped for exceeding the 30mph limit.

Mini Police officers from Spellbrook Primary School have been helping officers to educate motorists about safe driving.

Fifteen children aged between nine and 10 years old, joined officers from the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team to carry out speeding patrols on the A1184, outside their school today (Friday, October 19).

The children are currently involved in the Mini Police project and have recently learnt about road safety and the dangers on the road. They have chosen speed enforcement as their special project as it is an issue that affects the school.

Following a road safety talk earlier in the term with local Mini Police coordinator PCSO Tea Prow, the children joined police on the roadside.

Working alongside local PCSO Paul Weston, the children monitored the speeds of vehicles travelling past. Any motorists caught exceeding the legal limit were directed to a safe stopping point nearby, where the children spoke to them about their driving and issued them with a specially designed hand out written by the pupils, giving impactive driving advice.

More than 20 drivers were stopped for exceeding the 30mph speed limit during the hour they were there.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "Due to the location of the school, speeds of motorists passing always causes concern for the children. As part of their Mini Police project we decided to give them the chance to try to make a difference.

"Too many people drive far too fast in the vicinity of our schools and, even at 30mph, a child could suffer serious or even fatal injuries. I hope that, if we have educated 20 people today, we may see a reduction in speed, especially around the schools.

"The warnings issued by the children were really heartfelt and emotive. They are able to convey a message to the drivers in a way that is more effective than an officer reporting a driver for breaking the speed limit. Those spoken to included van drivers, lorry drivers and parents with children. They all took the warning fantastically and I hope they consider in future that the Mini Police could be just around the corner."

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at a school in Harpenden back in April. Following its success, it is now being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

Mini Police conducting speed checks outside Spellbrook Primary School
