```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A police officer has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison today (Tuesday 15 December) after being found guilty of historic child sex offences.
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2020
title: Police officer jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officer-jailed-0989
```

* ### Michael Grigg was jailed at Harrow Crown Court.

 * ### He was found guilty of historic child sex offences.

 * ### IOPC recommendations have been implemented.

A police officer has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison today (Tuesday 15 December) after being found guilty of historic child sex offences.

Following a trial at Harrow Crown Court, Michael Grigg, aged 34, formerly of Hatfield, was found guilty by unanimous verdict on Friday (11 December), of two counts of penetrative sexual activity with a child aged under 16.

He will also be placed on the sex offenders' register for life.

The charges related to offences committed when Grigg worked as a cadet leader.

Grigg was arrested as part of an Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) managed investigation conducted by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Safeguarding Command.

Detective Superintendent Michael Trotman said: "Grigg's predatory actions amounted to a gross abuse of his position of trust in the most calculated and appalling way. We pay tribute to the courage of the victim, who bravely came forward and had to go through the ordeal of giving evidence at court.

"Grigg's lack of remorse throughout the course of the investigation and subsequent trial has been startling and I'm pleased that a conviction has now been secured.

"The public rightly expect us to uphold the strongest standards, ethics and values and we will not hesitate to take the necessary action against those who fall short of the high expectations we set.

"As a result of the investigation, we have reviewed our processes in line with IOPC recommendations around the management of police cadet records and are now fully compliant with the updated national guidelines."

Grigg has remained suspended from his role as a sergeant in a non-public facing department since his arrest. A misconduct hearing will now be conducted.

If you have been affected by this information in any way and would like to talk to someone, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
