```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertford and Ware Volunteer Police Cadets are seeking new members.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: Join Hertford and Ware Volunteer Police Cadets
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/join-hertford-and-ware-volunteer-police-cadets-1852A
```

* ### Volunteer Police Cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities and events.

 * ### The Hertford and Ware group is the largest in the county.

 * ### A recruitment event will be held later this month for people to find out more.

Hertford and Ware Volunteer Police Cadets are seeking new members.

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

The Hertford and Ware group launched in June 2015 and has grown to be the largest of the county's 11 units, with 40 cadets and 15 leaders.

They have won numerous awards for their social action partnership project, ACHIEVE CARE, which helps tackle social isolation among older members of the community, and have been runner's up in the National Cadet Competition for the past two years.

Detective Constable Rob Scott, who leads the Hertford and Ware Cadets alongside Chief Inspector Luke Whinnett, was also named Cadet Leader of the Year at the Constabulary's annual Citizens in Policing Awards earlier this year.

"It's an absolute privilege to lead the Hertford and Ware Volunteer Police Cadets and it's been great to watch the group go from strength to strength," said Rob.

"As some of our older members prepare to move on, we are now looking for new cadets to join us in January. It's a great way to learn new skills and make friends, while also helping your local community. You don't have to have ambitions to join the police but, if it is a career you are interested in pursuing, this is a great place to start."

A recruitment event will be held at Hertford Police Station, at 6pm on Tuesday, October 23, for people to find out more.

David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said: "Our Volunteer Police Cadets are a credit to our police force and to the county of Hertfordshire.

"They play a vital role in supporting the local neighbourhood teams and I would encourage people to get involved and help make a difference to the community they live in through this great scheme."

Anyone interested in joining is asked to please email in the first instance, who will answer any questions or provide further information.
