```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Shoppers picked up more than just presents when they attended Christmas markets in St Albans and Harpenden recently.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2017
title: Cadets Christmas crime prevention in St Albans and Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cadets-Christmas-crime-prevention-in-StAlbans-and-Harpenden-1272F
```

* ### Cadets attended Christmas markets to give crime prevention advice to shoppers.

 * ### Free security light timers were also handed out.

 * ### More than 40 new members signed up to Neighbourhood Watch.

Shoppers picked up more than just presents when they attended Christmas markets in St Albans and Harpenden recently.

Local Volunteer Police Cadets were also in attendance, alongside officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Teams, to give out crime prevention advice on a range of subjects, such as how to protect themselves from purse dippers while out and about and how to keep their homes more secure during the darker evenings. Free security light timers and purse chains were also given out.

The cadets were joined by Neighbourhood Watch Liaison Officer Derrick Sweeney who spoke to visitors about the OWL (Online Watch Link) messaging system, which allows people to receive alerts about crimes in their local area. More than 40 new members signed up during the two events.

Sergeant Steve Alison, who leads the St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets said: "These events were a great way to meet with local residents and get valuable crime prevention advice across. The feedback was very positive and we look forward to attending further community events in the New Year."

For further information about OWL, or to sign up, visit www.owl.co.uk

**Volunteer Police Cadets**

Police Cadets are young members of the community, aged 14 to 18, who are involved in a wide range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention.

The role of a cadet is extremely varied and members develop a wide range of skills while having fun and helping the local community.

Groups also participate in many exciting activities such as white-water rafting, weekend holidays and summer camps, court visits and foot patrol at local events such as music festivals and carnivals.

Groups are led by police officers, PCSOs and volunteers, and members gain an insight into a number of areas of policing.
