```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 2 May 2019
title: Appeal following assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-in-stevenage-0158
```

* ### Police are appealing for witnesses to assault which took place on Tuesday, April 23

 * ### Victim suffered small stab wound to his arm

 * ### If you saw the incident, please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/36566/19

Officers investigating an assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on the pathway between Silam Road and the duck pond at around 9.30am on Tuesday, April 23.

The victim, a man in his early 20s, was walking on the pathway when a man approached him and swung his right arm at him. The victim spotted a knife in the attacker's hand and raised his arm to defend himself. He suffered a small stab wound to his left forearm. The victim head-butted the suspect and ran off towards Silam Road.

The offender was described as a slim, white man with stubble and around 5ft 8in tall. He was wearing a black hooded top, black tracksuit bottoms with a black drawstring bag on his back.

Detective Constable Phil Farman, who is investigating, said: "Fortunately the victim spotted the knife, which had a 2-3in blade, and raised his arm in self-defence, otherwise he could have been even more seriously hurt. I am very keen to speak to any members of the public who may have witnessed the incident, particularly those who were walking or driving along Silam Road and may have seen anything."

DC Farman added: "I would like to reassure residents that assaults of this kind are unusual and we are working hard to apprehend the person responsible."

Anyone with information that they believe could assist the investigation is asked to email DC Farman on _philip.farman@herts.police.uk_ , report online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/36566/19.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
