```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A dealer who used children to run drugs in Stevenage has been sentenced to more than seven years in prison.
publish:
  date: 3 Jul 2019
title: County Lines drug dealer jailed after investigation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/county-lines-drug-dealer-jailed-after-investigation-0436f
```

* ### County Lines drug dealer jailed for seven and a half years.

 * ### Julian Borja, 29, ran drugs ring in Stevenage.

 * ### Borja was jailed and given a Serious Crime Prevention Order.

A dealer who used children to run drugs in Stevenage has been sentenced to more than seven years in prison.

Julian Borja, 29, from Dongola Road, London, was sentenced to seven and a half years at St Albans Crown Court on 26 June 2019, after being arrested and charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin. His arrest followed an intensive investigation in November 2018 by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis team.

Borja used a team of vulnerable young people to deliver drugs and move money around his network in Stevenage, which in sentencing HH Judge Kay described as a 'chain of misery'. Borja was also given a Serious Crime Prevention Order as part of his sentence, which will prevent him from becoming involved in criminal activities for at least five years after he has served his sentence.

The Operation Mantis team was launched by the in 2018 and is made up of officers who specialise in targeting serious and organised crime. Their aim is to identify and disrupt County Lines gang activity and the associated crime that goes with it.

Detective Sergeant Jon Leak from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis team said: "Borja was head of a County Lines gang operating in Stevenage where he groomed vulnerable young people and embedded them into his gang culture, exposing them to drugs and violence. Following months of excellent work on this investigation by the Operation Mantis team, we gathered the necessary evidence to ensure Borja's conviction, which will make a significant impact on the supply of drugs in Hertfordshire.

"We rely on members of the community to give us vital bits of information to help us protect our children and vulnerable people from these kinds of criminals, who often prey on people who lack confidence, support or family. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to protect your community."

If you suspect drug activity in your area please call 101, or you can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
