```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives have released a CCTV image of a woman they would like to speak to, as they believe she could help with their enquiries into a theft in Bishop Stortford.
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a theft in Bishop's Stortford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-theft-in-bishops-stortford-0367a
```

* ### Officers are investigating a theft in Bishop's Stortford where a purse - including credit/debit cards were stolen.

 * ### Transactions were made on one of the stolen cards at a petrol station.

 * ### Police would like to identify the woman in the CCTV, as she may have information that would help the investigation.

Detectives have released a CCTV image of a woman they would like to speak to, as they believe she could help with their enquiries into a theft in Bishop's Stortford.

At 10.50am on Wednesday, June 12, the victim had a purse - including credit/debit cards - stolen from her handbag after she withdrew money from a Tesco Express ATM on South Street.

Transactions on one of the stolen cards were then made at a Shell petrol station on London Road at 11.33am the same day.

PCSO Adam Pemberton from the Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We'd like to speak to the woman pictured as we believe she was in the area around the time of the incident and may have information that can assist our investigation.

"If you recognise her or have any information that could help us please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Pemberton via email _,_ report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ crime reference 41/52746/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
