```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged attempted robbery in St Albans are re-appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2018
title: Re-appeal following alleged attempted robbery in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-following-alleged-attempted-robbery-in-stalbans-1862F
```

* ### The incident is reported to have happened on Wednesday (September 26), when a man, who was cycling along Alban Way, is alleged to have been pushed and kicked by a group of offenders.

 * ### Officers understand a similar incident happened minutes before and would like to hear from this other victim.

 * ### If this was you, or you have any other useful information, call 101 or email Sherisse Lee from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, at sherisse.lee@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/40582/18.

Officers investigating an alleged attempted robbery in St Albans are re-appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident is reported to have happened between 4.45pm and 5.05pm on Wednesday (September 26), when a man, aged in his 50s who was cycling along Alban Way, is alleged to have been pushed and kicked by a group of offenders. He suffered bruising from the assault.

The offenders are reported to have then made off along Alban Way in the direction of St Albans city centre.

It is believed that the group may have travelled to Watford from St Albans using the Abbey Flyer train service.

Investigator Sherisse Lee, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who might have seen the alleged incident, or those involved, to get in touch.

"We understand that there was another incident in Alban Way a few minutes before, where a boy who was cycling was assaulted. Thankfully he managed to cycle away but we believe this incident is linked to the alleged robbery attempt.

"I would like to hear from this other victim to check that he is ok and to find out whether he has vital information that could help us. I would encourage him to get in touch and report the incident so that we can investigate them both.

"If you can help please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101, or emailing me quoting crime reference 41/40582/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 16 year old boy from St Albans and a 17 year old boy from Birmingham have both been arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
