```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following a burglary in the Buntingford area, during which two dogs were stolen.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Dogs stolen during burglary near Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dogs-stolen-during-burglary-near-buntingford-0995
```

* ### The burglary occurred overnight between Monday and Tuesday.

 * ### One of the dogs has been located safe and well.

 * ### Officers are appealing for information on the whereabouts of the second dog.

Police are appealing for information following a burglary in the Buntingford area, during which two dogs were stolen.

The incident occurred sometime between 9.45pm on Monday 14 December and 7.45am the following day.

A white German Shepherd and an Irish Terrier were stolen from a kennel.

The German Shepherd has since been recovered safe and well, but the terrier remains outstanding at this time.

PCSO Karen Broad, from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This is obviously a very distressing incident for all involved. Thankfully one of the dogs has been recovered, but we are continuing to appeal for information to help us track down the other and reunite him with his owners.

"If you have any other information which may assist our enquiries to find him, please get in touch. I'd also like to hear from anyone who may have information about the burglary itself."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PCSO Karen Broad.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/100515/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
