```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A number of arrests have been made following incidents of vehicle crime across the county.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2020
title: Arrests following vehicle crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-following-vehicle-crime-0703aj
```

* ## Arrests following incidents of vehicle crime across the county.

 * ## Two men have been charged after a Range Rover was stolen in Sawbridgeworth.

 * ## Two people have been charged and sentenced after tools were stolen from a vehicle parked in Bushey.

 * ## Four people were arrested after tools were taken from a van in Potters Bar.

A number of arrests have been made following incidents of vehicle crime across the county.

 * In the early hours of Monday 28 September, a Range Rover was stolen from Church Walk in Sawbridgeworth. Officers from the Constabulary's Mobile Scorpion Team quickly identified a suspicious vehicle in the area and arrested two people. The Range Rover was also recovered

Karolis Grinius, aged 22, of Kent Close, Corby, has been charged with conspiracy to steal a motor vehicle. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 2 November.

Eitvydas Laucys, aged 22, of Gainsborough Road, Corby, has been charged with conspiracy to steal a motor vehicle. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 2 November.

 * Just after 8.30pm on the same day tools were stolen from a vehicle parked at the Mercure Hotel in Bushey. A search was carried out by officers and three people were later arrested in the Heathrow area.

Paddy McDonagh, aged 24, of High Street, Uxbridge, was charged with theft from a motor vehicle. He pleaded guilty at Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (30 September). He was sentenced to a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay costs of £85 and a £22 victim surcharge.

Tom McDonagh, aged 18, of High Street, Uxbridge, was charged with theft from motor vehicle. He pleaded guilty at Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (30 September) and received a 12-month conditional discharge, was ordered to pay £85 in costs and a £22 victim surcharge.

A 47-year-old man from Uxbridge was no further actioned.

 * At around 12.40am on Wednesday 30 September, a van was broken into at Tesco in Mutton Lane, Potters Bar. Tools were taken from inside. Later that day two people were arrested and a further two people were arrested following a pursuit on the A10.

A 25-year-old man and a 20-year-old man, both from London, and a 21-year-old man from Coventry were arrested on suspicion of theft from a motor vehicle. A 21-year-old man from Walthamstow was also arrested on suspicion of theft from a motor vehicle, dangerous driving and failing to stop. They have all been bailed until 31 October while the investigation continues.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Clawson said: "We will relentlessly pursue travelling criminals who visit out county with the sole purpose of committing offences. The Constabulary has specialist units such as the Mobile Scorpion Team who are trained to target these types of roaming offenders. They work with other police units within the Constabulary and neighbouring forces to identify criminals and carry out arrests.

"I would encourage all motorists to follow our simple crime prevention advice to make life more difficult for criminals.

"Keep vehicle keys in a safe and secure location that is out of sight and away from letterboxes or windows at home. If your vehicle has a keyless entry system please make sure when you're at home that you keep the tablet key as far away from your vehicle as possible and ideally in a metal box or a Faraday pouch.

"It might sound obvious but make sure your vehicle is properly locked before leaving it unattended and always remove any valuables.

"You can find more vehicle security advice on our website."
