```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Ware.
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following sexual assault in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-ware2327a
```

* #### At around midnight on December 19, a woman in her 30s was approached by a man outside The Brewery Tap on the High Street in Ware.

 * #### The man kissed and touched her inappropriately before the victim managed to push away the offender.

 * #### If you witnessed this incident please contact the Hertford Intervention team via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/67336/18.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Ware.

At around midnight on December 19, a woman in her 30s was waiting outside The Brewery Tap on the High Street for a taxi, when she was approached by a man.

He kissed and touched her inappropriately before the victim managed to push the offender away. Her taxi then arrived and she left.

Police Constable James Wingate, from the Hertford Intervention team said: "It was a busy time of year and near to a public car park and residential properties, so someone may have seen this happen.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed this incident, to please contact me."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Hertford Intervention team via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/67336/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
