```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault (GBH) in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: Did you witness assault in St Albans?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-st-albans-1364f
```

* ### The incident occurred in Verulamium Park.

 * ### A man was assaulted following an altercation with two teenagers.

 * ### Witnesses are being asked to contact police.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault (GBH) in St Albans.

The incident occurred near the Hypocaust in Verulamium Park, at around 3.30pm on Saturday 13 March.

A man aged in his 50s, who was out walking his dog, was assaulted and briefly knocked unconscious, following an altercation with two teenagers. His mobile phone was also damaged.

The males are described as follows:

• A white male, aged between 15 and 19 years old, of stocky build, with short dark hair, a pale complexion and a wispy moustache. He was wearing a black puffer jacket and black trousers.

• A white male, aged between 15 and 19 years old, of athletic build, with short dark hair. He was wearing a black puffer jacket and dark coloured trousers.

Detective Constable Mark Chipchase, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim wasn't more seriously injured, but he has been left in a lot of pain as a result of the incident.

"I am appealing for anyone who was in the park and saw what happened, or who may have seen these two males, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact DC Chipchase via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/18238/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
