```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Bengeo.
publish:
  date: 30 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following burglary in Bengeo
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-burglary-in-bengeo-1223
```

* ### A property in The Avenue was accessed by means unknown on Tuesday 26 November.

 * ### A blue Giant Contend 1 mountain bicycle was stolen.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Bengeo.

On Tuesday 26 November, a property in The Avenue was accessed by means unknown between 12.01am and 12.14am.

The suspect(s) entered the victim's garage, and stole a bicycle.

Investigator Nicola Morris said: "The victim is understandably upset that their bicycle was stolen. It's a Giant Contend 1 mountain bicycle, in a bright turquoise colour. Thanks to the colour, it's very distinctive.

"If you think you may have seen a bicycle matching the description, or if you were in the area at the same time and believe you may have witnessed someone behaving suspiciously, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Investigator Morris directly via email, at Nicola.Morris@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/106480/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
