```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Three Rivers are warning the public about several rhea birds recently seen running wild in the area.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2021
title: Police warn public about wild rhea birds in Maple Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-warn-public-about-wild-rhea-birds-in-maple-cross-1358
```

* ### Police are warning the public about several rhea birds recently seen running wild in the Maple Cross area.

 * ### Members of the public should not approach the birds as they can be aggressive if cornered

 * ### Officers are working in partnership with the local authority and others to rehome the birds to a suitable nature reserve

Police in Three Rivers are warning the public about several rhea birds recently seen running wild in the area.

The birds, which are similar to an ostrich but smaller in size, have been sighted on housing estates and alongside the M25, and their presence has caused a lot of chatter on local social media sites.

Officers have carried out some enquiries in an attempt to identify the owner of the birds but have concluded that they are wild.

PC Christian Gottmann, from the Rickmansworth and District Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "These birds are certainly an unusual sight on the streets of Three Rivers, and we want to reassure the public that we are working in partnership Three Rivers District Council, Highways and our Rural Operational Support Team to come up with a plan to capture and rehome the birds to a suitable animal reserve.

"Enquiries are ongoing but if you think you may be able to help with this, please get in touch with us. In the meantime, we would advise the public not to approach these animals as they are very fast, much like their larger counterparts, and can be aggressive if cornered.

"Unfortunately we have received reports of them attacking dogs and deer, so we ask that dog owners are vigilant when out walking."

If you have any ideas about rehoming the birds, you can email PC Gottmann at christian.gottmann@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
