```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Goffs Oak are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2019
title: Witness appeal following robbery in Goffs Oak
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-goffs-oak-0360k
```

* ### At around 5.40pm on Sunday (June 9) a group of teenagers approached a teenage boy in Goffs Lane before asking him to hand over his coat.

 * ### The offenders then punched him in the face and attempted to rob him of his trainers and clothing before running off with one of his trainers.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to phone the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/51940/19.

Officers investigating a robbery in Goffs Oak are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 5.40pm on Sunday (June 9) a group of around ten teenagers approached a teenage boy who was sitting on a bench in Goffs Lane, in front of the field by Dark Lane, before asking him to hand over his coat.

The offenders then punched him in the face and attempted to rob him of his trainers and clothing.

The victim fell to the floor before the group ran off with one of his trainers.

He attended hospital after sustaining a minor injury to the head and a graze to the nose.

One of the offenders is described as male, of Mediterranean origin, around 5ft 9in tall with black, slicked back fuzzy hair and a small goatee beard. He was wearing dark clothing and Nike trainers.

A second offender is described as a woman wearing ripped blue jeans and a dark coloured hoody with the hood up.

Investigator Carol Francis from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit said: "We would like to speak to anyone who saw what happened, and we're particularly keen to trace two people who we believe may have filmed the incident as they could have vital information that may assist us."

Anyone with information can contact Investigator Francis by emailing, report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/51940/19._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * _A 16-year-old boy from Waltham Cross, a 17-year-old boy from Enfield, a 16-year-old boy from Enfield and 16-year-old boy from London were arrested on suspicion of robbery and released on bail while investigations continue._
