```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2020
title: Appeal following collision in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-st-albans-0347
```

* ### The collision happened in Holywell Hill at around 12.20pm.

 * ### One person, an 80 year old man, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision in St Albans.

At around 12.20pm today (Monday 13 July), a silver Vauxhall and a pedestrian were involved in a serious collision in Holywell Hill, near the roundabout by the Westminster Lodge Leisure Centre.

Both police and ambulance service were called to the scene, as well as an air ambulance. The road was closed to allow emergency services access.

The pedestrian, an 80 year old man, was taken to hospital with serious injuries. The driver of the Vauxhall was uninjured and remained at the scene.

Sergeant Timothy Davies, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We have already spoken to several witnesses, but if you witnessed the collision or the events leading up to it and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch as soon as you can.

"If you were driving along Holywell Hill around the time of the collision and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please contact us as you may have captured something significant which could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sergeant Davies directly via email at timothy.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **Op Tentamen**. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
