```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to three years in prison after being found in possession of Class A drugs in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2019
title: Man sentenced to three years for drug and driving offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-to-three-years-for-drug-and-driving-offences-0783
```

* ### Jamal Walter, aged 25, from London, has been sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty to drug and driving offences

 * ### The court heard how he had been detained and arrested by officers in Hemel Hempstead at the end of last year

 * ### He was found to be in possession of cannabis, cocaine, heroin and cash

A man has been sentenced to three years in prison after being found in possession of Class A drugs in Hemel Hempstead.

Jamal Walter, aged 25, from London, appeared before St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 17 September).

He had previously pleaded guilty to possession of drugs with intent to supply, dangerous driving and driving whilst disqualified.

The court had heard that on Thursday 22 November 2018, officers received information regarding a black Audi A3. The vehicle was known to be involved in drug dealing in the Hemel Hempstead area and had failed to stop for police the previous day.

After an area search the officers found the car in a small car park in Maylands Avenue, parked directly in front of a safety bollard. They manoeuvred their unmarked vehicle in front of the Audi to block it in.

When officers approached the driver's door and found it locked, Walter attempted to get away by driving forwards into the unmarked police car, then backwards into the bollard.

Officers used their metal batons and smashed the Audi's windows to disable the vehicle and detain Walter. He was then searched and found to be in possession of over £1,000 worth of cannabis, cocaine and heroin, as well as £273 in cash.

They also found and seized three mobile phones, as well as a handwritten list of mobile numbers.

Detective Constable Stephen Cahill, who investigated the case, said: "I am pleased that a drug offender is behind bars and a large amount of Class A drugs has been prevented from reaching the streets.

"We are always working proactively to gain intelligence on criminality involving drugs and I would urge any members of the public who suspect there is drugs activity in their local area to please report it to us. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender."

 _You can report information about drugs through the non-emergency number 101 or online at_ _herts.police.uk/Report_ _._

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at_ _crimestoppers-uk.org_ _._
