```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating an attempted murder are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a vehicle as part of their investigation."
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2020
title: Appeal to trace vehicle following attempted murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-vehicle-following-attempted-murder-0695
```

Officers investigating an attempted murder are appealing for the public's help to trace a vehicle as part of their investigation.

Police were called at around 10.45am yesterday (Tuesday 29 September) to a report of a disturbance at a property in Parr Crescent, Hemel Hempstead.

Upon arrival, they found a woman with suspected stab wounds and she was taken to hospital for treatment.

John Taylor, age 49, of Redbourn Road, Hemel Hempstead, was arrested at the scene and he has since been charged with attempted murder. He has been remanded in custody and will appear at Hatfield Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Thursday 1 October).

Detective Constable Jennifer Stredwick-Henry, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully, the victim is expected to make a full recovery. Our investigation remains ongoing and I am appealing for the public's help.

"As part of our enquiries, we are keen to trace a 53 plate silver Nissan Micra which we believe was used in connection with the incident.

"If you have seen this vehicle in the Hemel Hempstead area, please get in touch. Any information you may have about it, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/78310/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
