```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following an alleged assault in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-alleged-assault-in-hitchin-2231
```

* ### Did you witness an alleged assault in St Mary's churchyard in Hitchin town centre?

 * ### It happened between 10.45pm and 11.10pm on Sunday, December 9

 * ### If you can help, please call 101 quoting reference 41/64312/18

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in St Mary's churchyard, in the town centre, between 10.45pm and 11.10pm on Sunday, December 9.

The victim, a man in his 40s, was sat on a bench within the churchyard with a female friend when a man approached them.

He punched the victim, causing him to fall to the ground, before repeatedly hitting him. This has led to the victim losing consciousness for a few minutes.

The victim suffered cuts and bruises following the incident and had to attend hospital.

Detective Constable Simon Goodship, who is investigating, said: "We are conducting a number of enquiries however I would very be keen to hear from anyone who was in the area around the time of the assault.

"The location is right in the town centre, so there may well be witnesses to the incident that have not yet come forward.

"If you saw what happened, or have any information you think may be useful to the investigation please contact me by emailing _simon.goodship@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/64312/18, or reporting information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 43-year-old man from North Herts has been arrested on suspicion of Actual Bodily Harm in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
