```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "On Wednesday, April 3 officers from Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion and Safer Neighbourhood Team executed a drugs warrant in Waltham Cross."
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Drugs warrant sees three arrested in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-warrant-sees-three-arrested-in-waltham-cross-0024k
```

* ### Operation Scorpion and Safer Neighbourhood Team executed a drugs warrant in Waltham Cross on Wednesday, April 3.

 * ### A house was searched and a large amount of suspected Class A drugs and cannabis were found.

 * ### An imitation firearm was also seized.

On Wednesday, April 3 officers from Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion and Safer Neighbourhood Team executed a drugs warrant in Waltham Cross.

Two men - aged 18 and 24 - and a woman - aged 44 - who are all from the town, were arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply.

The men, who were also arrested on suspicion of being in possession of criminal property, have been released under investigation and the woman bailed until April 26.

Officers forced entry to a property in Swanfield Road at around 10am. It was searched and a large amount of suspected Class A drugs and cannabis were found.

A significant amount of money was also found, along with an imitation firearm, which has been seized.

PC Lewis Mack from Operation Scorpion said: "Whilst our investigation connected to this warrant progresses, our work to stop the supply of drugs and their associated crimes continues.

"We are working hard to target those suspected of being involved with drugs and are grateful to the communities who are supporting this work.

"If you suspect someone in your neighbourhood is involved in drug crime please let us know so we can take action."

Information can be reported via the non-emergency number 101, or online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
