```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is supporting World Elder Abuse Awareness Day to shine a spotlight on the signs of abuse towards the elderly and vulnerable.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2020
title: Help us to protect older people from abuse
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Help-us-to-protect-older-people-from-abuse-0203
```

* ### Herts Police is supporting World Elder Abuse Awareness Day on Monday 15 June

 * ### The day shines a spotlight on the signs of abuse towards the elderly and vulnerable

 * ### Police and partners are urging people to say something if they see something, and report abuse to the authorities

Hertfordshire Constabulary is supporting World Elder Abuse Awareness Day to shine a spotlight on the signs of abuse towards the elderly and vulnerable.

The day, which is on Monday (15 June), aims to raise awareness of the abuse towards the elderly and vulnerable and encourages people to report it if they suspect their elderly friend, neighbour or family member is being targeted by fraudsters or other criminals.

Detective Inspector Jo Briggs, who leads the force's Safeguarding Adults from Abuse Unit, said: "We often investigate crimes committed against people who are vulnerable because of their age. Sadly these offenders are not just rogue traders or fraudsters pretending to be people they are not, they can also be family members, friends carers or care workers who you would expect to have the best interests of the person at heart.

"They often think they can get away with it because the victim is frail, or even deceased, however this is not the case - we have a great track record of convictions."

Since lockdown, the force has been made aware of a number of scams and frauds targeting vulnerable people. These include bogus 'track and trace' calls or cold callers claiming to be helping during the coronavirus pandemic.

It's important for people to be aware of these scams to help educate their older relatives and neighbours, especially those self-isolating.

DI Briggs added: "You can receive free and up to date information on the latest scams and crime series in your area by signing up to the Online Watch Link (OWL) service at www.owl.co.uk/herts. You can also join Senior Watch, which has more relevant messages for older members of our communities.

"We need the public to let us know if they have your suspicions - our message is: if you see something, say something. Don't stand for elder abuse."

For more information, watch this short video created by our partners at Hertfordshire County Council.

You can report a safeguarding concern at www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/adults or call 0300 123 40 42. You can report a crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

For support and advice for older people, visit www.ageuk.org.uk/hertfordshire or call 0300 345 3446.
