```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: 'Hertfordshire Constabulary has announced the winner of the 2018 #WhoseWorldAreYou motorcycle safety campaign photo competition.'
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2018
title: '#WhoseWorldAreYou competition winner announced'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/whose-world-are-you-competition-winner-announced-0500
```

* ### Winner of #WhoseWorldAreYou competition has bagged £200 of motorcycle shop vouchers as part of safety campaign

 * ### Judges looked for the image that best delivered the message to bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world

 * ### Prize was kindly provided by the Hertfordshire Road Safety Partnership

Hertfordshire Constabulary has announced the 2018 #WhoseWorldAreYou motorcycle safety campaign photo competition winner.

Tracey Gwynne, aged 44 and from Stevenage, bagged herself £200 worth of motorcycle shop vouchers after submitting a photo of herself with biker partner Ray Paul, aged 51, via Twitter using the hashtag #WhoseWorldAreYou.

Tracey, who lives with Ray in Stevenage Old Town, said: "I was really shocked when I got the phone call to say I had won.

"I think #WhoseWorldAreYou is such a great campaign. Bikers are really vulnerable on the roads and people often just don't look.

"I love going out for rides with Ray on his Suzuki Bandit and he is always careful, especially with me riding pillion.

"Having a biker partner has made me a better driver as I'm always looking out for motorbikes.

"Ray needs some new gear for winter so the vouchers will go towards that."

The winning image was selected from a number of entries, with the panel of judges looking for the photo that best delivered the message to bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world.

Simon Brown, chair of the Hertfordshire Road Safety Partnership, said: "It was a difficult choice as this competition illustrates how wide and diverse the motorbike community is, the very human face behind the helmet.

"We were very pleased to support this competition by providing the prize.

"We are committed to reducing the number of serious and fatal collisions on the county's roads and I would urge everyone to play their part by looking out for one another.

"Just make sure you look and look again for bikers on the road."

Last month motorcyclists across the county were invited to dig out their cameras as part of the campaign, which encouraged bikers and drivers to take a little extra care on the roads.

Bikers were invited to submit pictures of themselves with the person they mean the world to on social media with #WhoseWorldAreYou.

Casualty Reduction Inspector Miriam Hall-Madden from Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit, said: "The competition was a great way to make all road users more aware of the vulnerability of bikers.

"We got lots of photos of motorcyclists with their family and friends, showing the person behind the helmet: they have names, personalities and families, just like car drivers.

"Drivers are reminded of the importance of watching out for riders and to always look carefully when pulling out at junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

"Motorcyclists are among the most vulnerable road users and this is why it is so important they remain alert on the road and mindful of their own safety.

"We want the roads to be a safe place for everyone and ask that all road users help us to achieve this."

Winner Tracey with her partner Ray
