```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of sexual harassment in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2019
title: Appeal following incident of sexual harassment in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-of-sexual-harassment-in-welwyn-garden-city-0241b
```

* ### Between 8.50pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday, May 7, the victim was walking along Gresley Close into Lyles Lane when they were approached by the offender.

 * ### The offender tried to engage the victim in conversation before touching them inappropriately and making several sexual comments.

 * ### If you can help, please contact DC Kylie Davies on 101 or through email at kylie.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference 41/41025/19.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of sexual harassment in Welwyn Garden City.

Between 8.50pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday, May 7, the victim was walking along Gresley Close into Lyles Lane when they were approached by the offender.

The offender tried to engage the victim in conversation before touching them inappropriately and making several sexual comments.

The offender is described as a white man, aged in his late forties or early fifties, approximately 6ft tall, and with grey facial hair. He was wearing a dark coloured coat that was made of a shiny material and quite padded. The coat also had an emblem on the left arm.

Detective Constable Kylie Davies, who is investigating, said: "This behaviour was totally unacceptable, and understandably the victim was left very distressed. I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone who might have information about the incident, to get in touch.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email by quoting crime reference 41/41025/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
