```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-six-year-old Simon Speer from Sandridge was sentenced to 32 weeks imprisonment at Hatfield Remand Court on Monday, August 13.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2018
title: Man jailed for theft from motor vehicle and shoplifting in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-theft-from-motor-vehicle-and-shoplifting-in-stalbans-1666f
```

Thirty-six-year-old Simon Speer from Sandridge was sentenced to 32 weeks imprisonment at Hatfield Remand Court on Monday, August 13.

Speer, of Langley Grove, was sentenced for stealing sunglasses from a car parked in Hazelmere Road on July 23; interference with a motor vehicle where he tried the door handles of a neighbouring parked car on the same date and shoplifting from Homebase on August 9 where he stole a laser level and screwdrivers.

"We were able to quickly identify Speer from CCTV," explained PC Dan Bleach from the St Albans Operation Scorpion team, who deal with burglars, robbers and vehicle-related crime.

"We saw an increase in thefts from vehicles during July and August across St Albans as many vehicles were left insecure. Speer would try vehicle doors and steal anything he could from those that had not been locked."

He pleaded guilty to the latest three offences and was sentenced to 32 weeks' imprisonment. At the time of the offences he was subject to a suspended sentence for thefts from vehicles in June and July this year.

PC Bleach added: "Although Speer's offending may seem relatively minor, it had a big impact on the public who were concerned about a thief operating in their neighbourhoods."

PC Toby Beaman said: "We are pleased that Speer has been given a custodial sentence as he paid no attention to the conditions of his previous sentence and carried on stealing.

"I would urge motorists to please make sure they've locked their vehicles and double check. Between 80 and 90 per cent of thefts from motor vehicle in the St Albans district are reported to the police by victims who say they do not know how access was gained to their vehicle. It is highly likely that these victims of crime are not properly locking their cars. Make sure your car is locked after you push the lock button and that you haven't left anything, especially valuables inside and on display.

"The majority of these crimes are easily preventable by simply locking the door. We have CCTV images that clearly show offenders trying door handles. If they are locked, they move on to one that isn't. Make sure it's not yours."

"If you see anyone acting suspiciously around vehicles, please let us know. Please call us on 999 if you suspect a crime is in progress. If reporting retrospectively, please call police on the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

"It is also worth joining Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch link (OWL) where you will receive free emails about crimes in your local area."
