```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft by finding in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2020
title: "CCTV appeal following theft by finding \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-by-finding-hemel-hempstead-0230d
```

* ## Do you recognise this person? Police would like to identify them as part of their enquiries into the theft of a wallet in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ## It happened at The Co-operative petrol station on Redbourn Road on Friday 12 June.

 * ## If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/45819/20.

Officers investigating a theft by finding in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

It happened at The Co-operative petrol garage on Redbourn Road on Friday 12 June.

The victim, a man in his 40s, accidentally dropped his wallet on entering the store where it is believed it was picked up and then stolen by an offender(s). The wallet contained a large amount of cash, as well as bank cards.

PC Hannah Taylor, who is investigating, said: "We would like to identify and speak to the person pictured as we believe they were in the area at the time and could have information that could greatly assist our investigation. If you recognise them, please contact us as soon as possible."

You can email PC Taylor, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/45819/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Dacorum using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-dacorum and have your say.
