```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for the Good Samaritan who helped the victim to come forward.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Are you the Good Samaritan who helped victim of assault in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/are-you-the-good-samaritan-who-helped-victim-of-assault-in-watford-0025c
```

* ### Were you the Good Samaritan who helped the victim of an assault in Watford on Wednesday, April 3?

 * ### The victim, a 19-year-old man, was given a lift by a white man aged in his 40s or 50s who was driving a green Jeep-style vehicle.

 * ### If this was you, investigating officers would be keen to speak to you as you may have information that could assist their enquiries.

Officers investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for the Good Samaritan who helped the victim to come forward.

It happened in Otterspool Lane between 1pm and 1.30pm on Wednesday, April 3.

The victim, a 19-year-old man, was assaulted by a number of men and suffered a broken jaw.

He fell to the floor and passed out as a result of the attack and when he regained consciousness, the offenders had left.

The victim got up and walked for a time before flagging down a member of the public near Top Golf.

The member of the public, who is described as a white man aged in his 40s or 50s, was driving a green Jeep-style vehicle and agreed to give him a lift.

When the victim got home, he told his family what had happened and they took him to hospital for treatment.

Detective Inspector Mike Hanson said: "We are keen to trace and speak to the gentleman in the jeep who kindly assisted the victim after he was subjected to this brutal attack. If this was you, or one of your friends or family members, please get in touch with as soon as possible.

"We would like to reassure the community that we believe the people involved in this incident are known to one another and we are not treating this as a random attack.

"We would also like to speak to anyone who witnessed the assault or saw any suspicious activity in the area. The location of the attack is on a country lane that leads to Aldenham Golf Club, so we believe there may have been people walking their dogs in the area at the time."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact Detective Sergeant Chris Parperi in the Watford Local Crime Unit by emailing, report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/30458/19.

Online web chat can be launched here

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
