```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A crime prevention event is to take place in Hemel Hempstead to help people keep their vehicles more secure.
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2018
title: Vehicle security event in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vehicle-security-event-in-hemel-hempstead2007d
```

* ### The event will take place at Selco in Maylands Avenue.

 * ### Officers will be engraving tools and fitting number plate screws.

 * ### Visitors can get advice on how to keep their vehicles more secure.

A crime prevention event is to take place in Hemel Hempstead to help people keep their vehicles more secure.

Officers will be providing advice and information, with a particular focus on the theft of tools from vans.

Free tool engraving will be on offer, as well as the opportunity to have tamperproof number plate screws fitted (while stocks last).

A local security company will also be in attendance to offer advice around the different security measures available on the market.

The event will be held at Selco in Maylands Avenue, on Thursday, November 15 (10am to 2pm).

PCSO Rob Rawlings, from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, has organised the event and said: "Unfortunately, we do see spikes in thefts from vehicles from time to time and this quite often involves the theft of tools from vans. We've worked with several local businesses in the past to help us reach out directly to traders, who are often the people most affected. We know that many of them are self-employed and unable to work without their tools.

"We'd encourage people to come along to get advice and information on how they can keep their vehicles more secure and take advantage of our free tool engraving service. Engraving tools make them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell on."

He added: "We would always advise people to remove tools from vehicles overnight. If this isn't possible, try and park close to a garage, fence or brick wall to restrict access. If you see anyone acting suspiciously near vehicles, call police on 999 if you believe a crime is in progress or 101 if reporting retrospectively."

If you are unable to make the event, information and advice on a range of topics is available on our website: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Crime-prevention/Protect-your-property/
