```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Ten motorists were found to be trading as waste carriers without a licence during a joint operation between police, the district council and Trading Standards in Harpenden on Wednesday (August 22).
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2018
title: Who are giving your household waste to?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Who-are-giving-your-household-waste-to1707
```

Ten motorists were found to be trading as waste carriers without a licence during a joint operation between police, the district council and Trading Standards in Harpenden on Wednesday (August 22).

In addition, two vehicles had no insurance and another vehicle had a bald tyre.

"Residents could face a hefty fine or even prison for handing over their household and building waste to waste carriers without a licence," explained Rural and Wildlife Officer, PC Jane Flemons.

"Always check that the person disposing of your household waste has a waste carriers licence, issued by the Environment Agency and ask them to provide an address, phone number and vehicle registration details."

She added: "We ran this operation to help protect residents from illegal waste carriers. Fly tipping also adds considerable costs to the local council to clear and has an enormous impact on the community and the environment. It is disappointing that two vehicles had no insurance and another had a bald tyre. It is important we catch these people to keep our roads safer for law abiding motorists. "

The motorists operating without a licence will be given 14 days by St Albans District Council to produce or obtain a licence. If they fail to do so their details will be passed onto the Environment Agency who will begin legal proceedings.

The two motorists without insurance were each given a £200 fine and six penalty points on their licence, while the person with a bald tyre was handed a Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme (VDRS) notice and has seven days to repair the tyre and have it checked by an MOT examiner. If this is not done they face a £60 fine and three penalty points on their licence.

Councillor Frances Leonard, Portfolio Holder for the Environment for St Albans City and District Council, said: "Operation Kendal is a striking and highly successful example of the partnership working that is required to tackle the scourge of flytipping.

"I am sure this crackdown with act as a deterrent and will also remind businesses and households that they have a legal duty to ensure anyone taking away their waste requires a license to do so."

The two -hour operation in St Albans Road was part on an ongoing initiative to tackle rural crime. The 12 vehicles suspected of carrying waste were stopped by officers and compliance officers from the council and their documentation was checked to ensure the right trading a waste carrying licences were in place. a

**_Did you know?_** It is a criminal offence to fly-tip. The maximum penalty includes a fine of up to £50,000 and 12 months imprisonment. Conviction in a crown court may result in an unlimited fine and five years' imprisonment.
