```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an incident in Smallford, near St Albans, are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2020
title: Appeal for information following incident in Smallford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-incident-in-smallford-1583
```

* ### The incident occurred at an address in Springfield Road.

 * ### A man sustained an injury to his abdomen.

 * ### Enquiries are continuing at this time.

Detectives investigating an incident in Smallford, near St Albans, are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers were called to an address in Springfield Road shortly after 3pm on Tuesday (24 March) following reports of a possible shooting.

Upon arrival at the scene, officers found a 37 year old man with a wound to his abdomen. He was conveyed to hospital where he remains in a stable condition at this time.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit is leading the investigation and said: "At this time, we are treating the incident as attempted murder. We believe this was a targeted attack and that those involved are known to each other.

"Our enquiries are continuing at this time and we are appealing for anyone with information to please come forward.

"A silver Mercedes was spotted in the area around the time of the incident and we are particularly keen to hear from anyone who was driving in the area at the time and may have captured relevant dash cam footage."

Anyone with information is asked to email justine.jenkins@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Traverse.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
