```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man arrested as he tried to board the Eurostar to Brussels has been sentenced to 12 years and nine months imprisonment at St Albans Crown Court in connection with an aggravated burglary.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2018
title: Twelve years and nine months for Colney Heath burglar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/twelve-years-and-nine-months-for-Colney-Heath-burglar-1773f
```

* ### The incident occurred in December 2017.

 * ### He was one of five people who broken into the address.

 * ### Two people were in the property at the time and were left extremely shaken by what happened.

A 29-year-old man arrested as he tried to board the Eurostar to Brussels has been sentenced to 12 years and nine months imprisonment at St Albans Crown Court in connection with an aggravated burglary.

Joshua Munnings, age 29, of no fixed abode, was involved in the incident which occurred in High Street, Colney Heath, during the evening of Monday, December 18, 2017.

He was one of five men who forced their way into the address - three of the men were carrying knives and another had what is believed to have been a gun inside a sock, although the actual weapon was not seen.

A man and woman were inside the property at the time and the man received wounds to his chest and hand. Personal property was stolen during the burglary.

Munnings was sentenced after pleading guilty to the offence at court on Friday, August 31, 2018. He was also ordered to pay the victims more than £2,000 in compensation.

Detective Constable Ben McGregor from the Local Crime Unit said: "This was a violent burglary which left two people very scared. We did everything we could to trace the men responsible, including issuing CCTV, but unfortunately as they were wearing masks, it was impossible to identify them. We managed to find Munnings from a fingerprint match.

"Once he was identified, we issued him as wanted and were delighted when he was caught trying to board a train to Brussels at St Pancras on June 10 this year. He was arrested by a French police officer and we were able to charge him with the burglary."

He added: "His Honour Judge Grey said he believed that there was a high risk of Munnings re-offending and believed that he is a dangerous offender with a lack of insight into the consequences of his actions. I know from speaking to the victims that they now have some closure on their frightening episode that evening and I hope the sentence helps reassure residents in Colney Heath, who were understandably shocked and concerned about the incident in their village."
