```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Pupils at London Colney primary schools have been using their artistic talents to capture the harsh reality of knife crime.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2019
title: Pupils support Lives Not Knives campaign in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pupils-support-lives-not-knives-campaign-in-london-colney-0465f
```

* ### Pupils at London Colney primary schools have been using their artistic talents to capture the harsh reality of knife crime.

 * ### PCSO Debbie Daniels came up with the idea to support the national #LivesNotKnives campaign.

 * ### The London Colney Primary School, Bowman's Green Primary School and St Bernadette's Primary School were involved in the initiative.

Pupils at London Colney primary schools have been using their artistic talents to capture the harsh reality of knife crime.

PCSO Debbie Daniels came up with the idea to support the national #LivesNotKnives campaign. PCSO Daniels' aim is to encourage youngsters help influence their peers' attitudes to knives.

She spoke to a number of year groups about the rise nationally in the number of knife crimes. As part of the project, she set tasked Year Six pupils the challenge to design a poster about the serious consequences of carrying a knife.

The eye-catching posters were then displayed at the Caledon Community Centre as part of the _Larks in the Park_ event on Sunday (June 30).

PCSO Daniels said: "Whilst it is important for the police, parents and other agencies to educate children about important issues like carrying a knife, the message usually comes across much better if it is delivered by peer groups. The topic sparked some interesting conversations and they were surprised by the number of young people injured by knives in the UK.

She said: "The project was very positive and hopefully has made the young people think about their actions and give them the confidence to question any friends who may be thinking of carrying a knife. Thanks to the teachers for supporting the project. Parents, please continue to speak to your children about the very real dangers of knives."

The London Colney Primary School, Bowman's Green Primary School and St Bernadette's Primary School were involved in the initiative.
