```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Hitchin are appealing for information after the Hitchin Cricket Club in Lucas Lane, was vandalised and property stolen.
publish:
  date: 12 May 2020
title: Cricket Club broken into in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cricket-club-broken-into-in-hitchin-0105g
```

* ## Officers appeal for witnesses after Hitchin Cricket Club is targeted by thieves.

 * ## Property taken from and damage caused to two containers.

 * ## Lucas Lane club is a popular community venue.

Officers in Hitchin are appealing for information after the Hitchin Cricket Club in Lucas Lane, was vandalised and property stolen.

Sometime between Friday 1 May and Monday 4 May, offenders have accessed the cricket club's rear field and have broken the padlock on two of the storage containers. They have then removed two sprinklers and a hosepipe and sprayed both containers with paint.

Local Neighbourhood Officer, Courtney Ferguson said: "The cricket club is an important asset to the community and prior to lockdown was used extensively. This kind of action will have a detrimental impact on the club and I want to trace those responsible as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Courtney Ferguson directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/35393/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
