```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following indecent exposure in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-hatfield-0485B
```

* ### The incident happened in Astwick Avenue on Wednesday 27 June.

 * ### The victim, a 74 year old woman, has been left shaken by what happened.

 * ### Witnesses and anyone with information should call 101 or email PC Abi Watkins on abi.wilkins@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime ref 41/11860/18.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Hatfield.

Between 7.45pm and 8.05pm on Wednesday 27 June, three males were playing football in Astwick Avenue, outside the victim's property.

The victim, a 74 year old woman, asked them to move to the park before one of them then exposed himself to her.

The offender is described as a white man, aged 18 to 20 years old, 6ft tall, of medium build and with short hair. He was wearing bright red shorts and had no top on.

PC Abi Wilkins, who is investigating, said: "This was completely distressing for the victim who has understandably been left shaken by what happened.

"I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened, or anyone who has information that can help the investigation, to get in contact with me.

"Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could prove to be significant for the investigation.

"You can contact me by calling the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101 or by emailing. Please make sure to quote crime reference 41/11860/18."

You can also report information online .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
