```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to seven years and three months in prison after he violently attacked two police officers during his arrest following a high-speed pursuit.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2020
title: Man sentenced after pleading guilty to attacking two police officers - Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-after-pleading-guilty-to-attacking-two-police-officers-dacorum-0520
```

* ### Darren Hector, aged 42, of Sealy Way, Apsley, has been sentenced to seven years and three months in prison

 * ### He pleaded guilty to a number of offences, including GBH and ABH on two police officers

 * ### Hector fractured a male officer's cheekbone and choked a female officer

A man has been sentenced to seven years and three months in prison after he violently attacked two police officers during his arrest following a high-speed pursuit.

Darren Hector, aged 42, of Sealy Way, Apsley, appeared before Luton Crown Court for sentencing on Thursday 13 August, after previously pleading guilty to:

 * Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH) without intent
 * Actual Bodily Harm (ABH)
 * Possession with intent to supply class A drugs (two counts - cocaine and crack)
 * Possession of a class B drug (cannabis resin)
 * Dangerous driving
 * Possession of criminal property

The court heard how at around 8.30pm on Wednesday 4 March, two police officers were patrolling in Watford when they noticed a BMW pass them at high speed on Hempstead Road. They began pursuing the vehicle out of Watford and on to the A41 bypass towards Hemel Hempstead.

The BMW was weaving in and out of traffic and travelling in excess of 100mph before it collided with a member of the public's vehicle, coming to a stop on the side of the dual carriageway just before the junction for Hemel Hempstead.

Hector jumped into the member of the public's car before ordering them to drive off, but the two police officers - a man and a woman - managed to quickly pull him from the vehicle.

Hector then launched a violent attack on both officers, first punching the male officer to the face and causing a fractured cheekbone. He then grabbed the female officer's hair and repeatedly hit her head against the tarmac while choking her. Her radio was also ripped from her police vest meaning she was unable to call for help.

By now, several members of the public had stopped and bravely intervened to help the officers who were struggling to overpower and detain Hector. Collectively they managed to restrain him until additional police officers arrived at the scene.

Hector was arrested and his vehicle and home address were later searched, where a large quantity of drugs - class A and B - and cash was recovered.

Detective Constable Joel Gill, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a shocking and completely unwarranted attack on two police officers who were simply doing their job, trying to protect innocent members of the public from Hector's erratic driving.

"Hector is clearly a violent and dangerous individual who had no qualms about using physical assault to try and evade the law. In his victim impact statement, the male officer told how he is still haunted by the screams of his female colleague as Hector launched his horrendous attack on her. They have since made full physical recoveries but the memory of this assault will understandably stay with them for a long time.

"I would like to commend the actions of all those members of the public who bravely answered the officers' calls for help and came to their aid. Without their help, Hector may have caused even graver injuries to both constables. I hope his custodial sentence serves as closure for both officers and they can now move forward with their careers."
