```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating an assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 8 May 2019
title: "Did you witness assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-bishops-stortford-0180a
```

* ### The incident occurred near Bacchus in Anchor Street.

 * ### A 19-year-old man sustained facial injuries.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives investigating an assault in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Anchor Street, at around 3.30am on Saturday, April 20.

The victim, a 19-year-old man, was waiting outside Bacchus bar with his friends when he was involved in an altercation with three men in a grey or dark-coloured car.

The suspects then punched the victim, causing him to sustain injuries to his face.

One of the men has been described by the victim as being of Asian or middle eastern origin, aged approximately 20 to 25 years old, of average build, around 5ft 6in tall, with short dark hair which was shaven at the sides and longer on the top, brushed forward. He was wearing a black jumper with the word 'Balenciaga' written on it in white and is described as having an east London accent.

The other two men are described as being of the same origin, age and build, with similar accents.

Detective Constable Narinder Padda, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim ended up undergoing surgery to his cheek as a result of the incident. I would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and saw the assault, or events leading up to it."

Anyone with information should contact DC Padda via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/35936/19. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
