```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people were arrested and a large quantity of cannabis was seized after a warrant was executed at an address in Hemel Hempstead yesterday morning (Wednesday, August 15).
publish:
  date: 16 Aug 2018
title: Four arrests following warrant in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrests-following-warrant-in-hemel-hempstead-1660d
```

* ### A quantity of cannabis was seized, along with cash and drug paraphernalia.

 * ### Four people have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * ### Police are continuing to crack down on those suspected of being involved in drug supply and associated criminality.

Four people were arrested and a large quantity of cannabis was seized after a warrant was executed at an address in Hemel Hempstead yesterday morning (Wednesday, August 15).

Officers from the local Scorpion team, assisted by colleagues from Intervention, carried out the operation at an address in Datchworth Turn.

A large quantity of the class B drug was seized from the property, along with cash, mobile phones and drug paraphernalia.

Four people were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue. They are:

 * A 22-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead
 * A 17-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead
 * A 45-year-old woman from Hemel Hempstead
 * A 21-year-old man from Peterborough

Detective Inspector Craig Flint said: "Drug dealing and associated criminality can have a serious impact on local communities. We are working hard to disrupt those who are suspected of being involved in such activity and will use any means available to us to bring them to justice and provide respite for residents.

"If you suspect drug dealing in your neighbourhood, please report it to police so that we can build up an intelligence picture around those who may be involved and take appropriate action."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
