```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an armed robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 31 Aug 2018
title: Appeal following armed robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-armed-robbery-in-Cheshunt-1721
```

* ## Appeal following armed robbery at Argos in Brookfield Retail Park

 * ## Robbery took place on Thursday August 30 at around 4.45pm

 * ## Anyone with information please call 101 quoting ref: 41/32304/18

Officers investigating an armed robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 4.45pm on Thursday, 30 August, two men entered Argos in the Brookfield Retail Park carrying what was described as an axe. The men smashed the display cases containing jewellery and made off with several items, heading off towards Flamstead End, before getting into a vehicle.

One man was described as being around 5ft 8ins, slim and wearing a beige jacket, a black baseball cap and dark jeans and carrying a JD Sports holdall. The second man was described as wearing a black jacket and a white baseball cap. No one was injured during the robbery.

Police Constable Sam Joyce, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an understandably frightening experience for the staff and customers in the shop. Thankfully no one was injured during the course of the robbery.

"The area would have been fairly busy at the time of the incident, so I am asking the public if they saw anyone matching these descriptions or running from the scene to please make contact with me as soon as possible. You may have information that could prove vital to our investigation.

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation please report information online at _www.herts.police.uk/report_ or call 101, quoting crime reference number 41/32304/18."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
