```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two stabbings in South Oxhey are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 8 May 2019
title: "Appeal for witnesses after two stabbings \u2013 South Oxhey"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-two-stabbings-south-oxhey-0173
```

* ### Investigation launched after two men were treated by paramedics for stab wounds in South Oxhey

 * ### A man and a woman have been arrested and released under investigation

 * ### If you have any information that could assist police, please get in touch quoting reference 41/39267/19

Detectives investigating two stabbings in South Oxhey are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

The incidents both happened on Wednesday, May 1 and are being treated as linked.

Officers were called to Redwood Close at 3.20pm by the ambulance service, who were treating a man in his 20s who had sustained slash wounds to his hands.

It was then established that a 17-year-old male was also being treated by paramedics for a stab wound to his buttocks in nearby Seacroft Gardens.

Both parties were taken to hospital for treatment and have now been discharged from hospital.

At the time, officers conducted a thorough search of the area nearby and recovered a knife.

Detective Constable Paul Burton, who is leading the investigation, said: "We are currently following a number of lines of enquiry into the circumstances around this incident, but we are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time.

"We know that the vicinity was busy due to it being the end of the school day, so there would have been a lot of families walking nearby.

"If you saw something, no matter how small, we would be very keen to speak to you.

"Equally, if you were driving in Redwood Close or Seacroft Gardens at around 3.20pm on that day and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, we would be very interested to see your footage in case it captured anything significant."

If you can help, please contact DC Burton on _paul.burton@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/39267/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * A 26-year-old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of affray in connection with these incidents. An 18-year-old woman, also from Watford, was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. They have both been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
