```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2020
title: "Attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-bishops-stortford-0262
```

* ### The incident occurred on a footpath between Sworder's Field and Grange Paddocks.

 * ### Nothing was taken during the incident.

 * ### Police are keen to trace a dog walker who may have seen the suspects prior to the incident.

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred sometime between 1pm and 1.15pm on Thursday 18 June.

A 20-year-old man was walking along the footpath between Sworder's Field and Grange Paddocks, adjacent to the railway line, when he was approached by three males who blocked his path.

They asked him to hand over his belongings before one of them put their hands up towards the victim. The victim managed to push past and run off while contacting police.

The suspects are described as:
• A mixed-race male, aged between 17 and 20 years old, with dark hair. He was wearing a green hoodie, black joggers and a black scarf over his mouth.
• A white male with a pale complexion, aged between 17 and 20 years old, around 5ft 10 in tall, with blond hair. He was wearing a black puffer jacket.
• A white male, taller than the other two, of slim build. He was wearing a black jacket.

Detective Constable Narinder Padda, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim wasn't injured during the incident and nothing was taken, however he was left in fear of what might have been about to happen to him.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have seen three people in the area matching the descriptions given to please come forward. I am particularly keen to trace a dog walker who may have been approached by the three males just before the incident happened. If this was you, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email narinder.padda@herts.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/47821/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
