```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Dacorum Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a full Closure Order on an address in Hemel Hempstead under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2019
title: Closure Order secured on flat in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-flat-in-hemel-hempstead-2717d
```

* ### A full Closure Order has been secured on a flat in Iveagh Court, Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### The action has been taken in response to complaints about suspected drug use and the associated anti-social behaviour.

 * ### It means no-one can enter the flat for three months.

 * ### Anyone who breaches the order could be arrested and further action taken against them.

Officers from the Dacorum Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a full Closure Order on an address in Hemel Hempstead under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Iveagh Court - was investigated following complaints regarding suspected drug use and associated anti-social behaviour.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Friday, March 8. It means that no-one can enter the flat for a period of three months and anyone who breaches this order could be arrested and further action taken against them.

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

1) that a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behavior on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) that there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises,

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with the property owner to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order. Where Closure Orders are granted the local authority/housing association can utilise specific legislation that allows them to seek full possession of the property.

Community Safety Sergeant Mike Saunders said **:** "This is the second Closure Order that we have secured in Iveagh Court in recent weeks* and demonstrates our commitment to taking action against suspected drug use and the anti-social behaviour that often comes with it, along with improving the lives for those living nearby.

"In partnership with the property owners, we will continue to monitor the situation and take further action if necessary."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

*A Partial Closure Order was secured on a flat in Iveagh Court on Thursday, February 28.
