```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Ten members of an organised crime group that were involved in a drug supply network in St Albans have been jailed for a combined total of 77 years.
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2020
title: St Albans drug gang members jailed for over 70 years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/st-albans-drug-gang-members-jailed-for-over-70-years-1374f
```

* ## Ten members of a drug gang jailed for 77 years.

 * ## The gang were involved in supplying cocaine in St Albans.

 * ## Profits from their crimes will be recovered through the Proceeds of Crime Act.

Ten members of an organised crime group that were involved in a drug supply network in St Albans have been jailed for a combined total of 77 years.

The men were arrested in March 2019 following a long running investigation led by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Group. Warrants were served at addresses in St Albans where cocaine and cash were seized, as well as a high value vehicle.

Those sentenced at Reading Crown Court on Tuesday 4 February for conspiring to supply class A drugs (cocaine) were:

Matthew Tillbrook, 31, from Benbow Crescent, St Albans sentenced to 9 years

 Moudud Hussain, 31, from Haig Close, St Albans sentenced to 12 years

Joel Norris, 30, from Leycroft Way, Harpenden sentenced to 8 years

Cain Davey, 31, Cottonmill Lane, St Albans sentenced to 6 years

Joseph Morgan, 31, from Woodfield Way, St Albans sentenced to 7 years 5 months

Sam Wilkinson, 35, from Mortimer Crescent, St Albans sentenced to 6 years 4 months

Nicholas Kiely, 39, from Midway, St Albans sentenced to 7 years 9 months

Mohammed Zaman, 34, from Hatfield Road, St Albans sentenced to 7 years 6 months

Clifford Taylor, 36, of no fixed abode sentenced to 7 years

Michael Langton, 32, from Beningfield Drive, St Albans sentenced to 6 years

Five other members of a separate organised crime group that were supplying the St Albans based group had previously been jailed for their part in a conspiracy to supply drugs in Hertfordshire and across bordering counties, bringing the combined sentences to a total of 121 years for this investigation*.

Detective Chief Inspector Doug Black, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Group said: "Following a long running investigation, we have managed to dismantle two crime groups involved in supplying cocaine onto the streets of Hertfordshire and beyond, this will drastically decrease drug dealing and associated crime in the county. Those involved have been sentenced to a combined total of 121 years in prison, and will no longer pose a threat to the community. We are taking action to seize the assets they have accumulated through their drug dealing activities under the Proceeds of Crime Act to ensure that they do not profit further from their crimes.

"Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

Suspected drugs crime can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form

If you or someone you know has a drugs problem they can get help by contacting FRANK on 0800 77 66 00 or visit.
