```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 26-year-old woman has pleaded guilty to assaulting four police officers during the course of her arrest.
publish:
  date: 29 Jul 2020
title: Woman pleads guilty to assaulting four police officers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-pleads-guilty-to-assaulting-four-police-officers-0431k
```

* ## Rebecca McRoberts kicked officers who were trying to restrain her following a disturbance at a Cheshunt address.

 * ## The 26 year old then kicked and spat at officers whilst she was being processed at the police station.

 * ## A Chief Superintendent for the force says such attacks are completely unacceptable.

A 26-year-old woman has pleaded guilty to assaulting four police officers during the course of her arrest.

Rebecca McRoberts, of Walnut Tree Close in Hoddesdon, was arrested on Friday 24 July, following a disturbance at an address in Cranleigh Close in Cheshunt.

Whilst officers tried to restrain McRoberts, she kicked one officer in the leg and another in the shoulder.

Once she was in custody at Stevenage police station, McRoberts went on the assault two other police officers as she was being processed, which included spitting at one of them.

She was later charged with four counts of assaulting an emergency worker and appeared before Hatfield Remand Court on Saturday 25 July where she pleaded guilty to all four offences.

She has been released on court bail and will return to Stevenage Magistrates' Court on Thursday 27 August for sentencing.

In response to this case Hertfordshire's Local Policing Commander, Richard Liversidge, said:

"Every day front line police officers and staff put themselves in harm's way to safeguard the public. It is important when they become victims that they are supported by the justice system and that action is taken to bring cases like this to court at the earliest opportunity, to protect the officers who respond to public calls for help.

"Assaults on Emergency Workers cannot be tolerated. Whilst these officers were able to continue in their duty and return to work the following day, incidents such as this have a long-lasting impact and are of great concern for everyone - those they are trying to help, the wider community and not least the officers themselves and those closest to them.

"My officers and staff need the support of the whole community and being assaulted or subjected to unnecessary abuse will not be tolerated".
