```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-stevenage-1353
```

* ### Officers are investigating following an assault in Stevenage.

 * ### The incident happened on Sunday 14 March.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers investigating an assault in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information.

It was reported that on Sunday 14 March, at around 6.10pm, two men were engaged in a verbal altercation near the bus stop on Hydean Way.

This then escalated into a physical fight, and it was alleged that one of the men was punched in the face, resulting in bruising and swelling to his eye.

It is believed that the involved parties are known to each other.

Detective Constable Emma Adams, who is investigating, said: "If you witnessed the altercation and have not yet spoken to police, please get in contact as soon as possible as you may be able to assist with our enquiries.

"If you have any information at all, please do get in touch - even something that seems relatively minor or insignificant may be key to helping us progress our investigation."

If you have any information, you can contact DC Adams directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference **41/18502/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in new window).
