```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Watford.
publish:
  date: 25 May 2018
title: Have you been offered stolen commemorative coins for sale?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-you-been-offered-stolen-commemorative-coins-for-sale
```

* ### A large collection of commemorative gold coins have been stolen from a home in Watford.

 * ### They are of huge sentimental value to the victims.

 * ### Anyone who believes they may have seen the coins for sale or been offered them for sale is asked to contact police.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Watford.

Between 5.50pm on Thursday, May 17 and 6pm on Monday, May 21, offender(s) gained entry to a home in Westfield Avenue by breaking a window and once inside carried out an untidy search.

They stole jewellery, a Samsung 46in television, a Virgin Media box, an X Box and two controllers, bicycles and food from the home along with a large collection of commemorative gold coins.

Investigator Abigail Bianco said: "These coins are of huge sentimental value to the victims who had planned to hand them down to relatives.

"I'm appealing for anyone who may have been offered coins for sale in suspicious circumstances or believes they have seen the coins being offered for sale locally to get in touch.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in Westfield Avenue between the times stated."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Abigail by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C4/18/1426 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
