```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested following the execution of two drugs warrants in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2018
title: Two arrested following drugs warrant in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-following-drugs-warrant-in-borehamwood-0380
```

Two men have been arrested following the execution of two drugs warrants in Borehamwood.

During the afternoon of Thursday June 7, officers from the Operational Support Group and the Hertsmere Operation Scorpion Team executed warrants at two addresses in Theobald Street. At one of the properties, officers recovered Class A drugs and a man and a woman were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply of Class A drugs. They are a 22-year-old man from Borehamwood and a 52-year-old woman from Borehamwood.

Both men have been released under investigation whilst enquires continue.

Detective Constable Chris Payne said: "This was another good result with officers acting on intelligence received. Drugs ruin lives and we are committed to tackling drug crime in Hertsmere and are doing everything we can to disrupt drug activity in our towns.

"We are keen to hear from anyone with any information about drug related activity and we will always deal robustly with those we catch."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this or any other area please contact me on 101 or report online.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
