```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Northampton was jailed at St Albans Crown Court after pleading guilty to firearms, explosives, drug and money laundering offences.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2019
title: Man jailed for firearms and drug offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-firearms-and-drug-offences-0854all
```

* ### Anthony Stevens, 39, from Northampton jailed for 18 years

 * ### He was jailed in relation to drugs and firearms charges

 * ### Stevens will also received a 5 year Serious Crime Prevention Order

A man from Northampton was jailed at St Albans Crown Court after pleading guilty to firearms, explosives, drug and money laundering offences.

Anthony Stevens, aged 39 and from Billing Aquadrome in Northampton, was sentenced to 18 years in prison on Wednesday 17 December and will also be subject to a five year Serious Crime Prevention Order (SCPO) upon his release from prison. Stevens has been classed as dangerous due to the nature of his offences and has therefore been given an indeterminate prison sentence of 18 years, of which two thirds must be served before he will be considered for release by the parole board.

Stevens was originally arrested in June 2018 after staff at Brocket Hall hotel, on the outskirts of Welwyn Garden City, alerted police to suspected drug use by guests. Stevens was arrested and a large sum of cash, cocaine and what appeared to be a home made hand grenade were found in a room he had hired. The grenade was examined by an officer from the army's Explosives Ordnance Disposal team who deemed it an improvised explosive device (IED), which was subsequently made safe and detonated with a controlled explosion.

Stevens also had in his possession a stolen motorbike displaying false number plates, which was parked in the hotel car park.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Team began an investigation and discovered video footage evidence on a mobile phone belonging to Stevens of another IED being exploded.

Stevens was then released under investigation but was re-arrested following a warrant conducted at a caravan he owned at the Billing Aquadrome campsite in Northamptonshire, on 4 April 2019. Officers seized rifle ammunition and a loaded Glock 19 pistol, as well as a large amount of designer clothes. Parked outside the caravan was another motorcycle displaying false number plates that had also been stolen.

Detective Inspector James Luxon from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Team said: "This has been a very complicated and far reaching investigation which has disrupted the organised crime and drugs networks operating in Hertfordshire. Stevens is a dangerous individual who has used firearms and explosives to enforce his grip on these networks, spreading fear and intimidation. Through intelligence and some excellent investigative work we have brought someone who is a serious threat to the local community to justice.

"Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at herts.police.uk/report.
