```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have today (Monday) arrested and charged a man in connection with a malicious communications investigation involving schools in Watford.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2019
title: Man charged in connection with malicious communications investigation - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-in-connection-with-malicious-communications-investigation-watford-141
```

* ### Man charged in connection with malicious messages sent to Watford schools

 * ### Pirasanthan Logeswaran, 32, from Harrow was charged with three offences

 * ### He appeared at Hatfield Remand court (today) April 30

Officers have today (Monday) arrested and charged a man in connection with a malicious communications investigation involving schools in Watford.

On Tuesday, April 16, malicious letters containing threats were allegedly sent to Watford Grammar School for Girls, Bromet Primary School and Ascot Road Community Free School.

This morning, Pirasanthan Logeswaran, aged 32, of Warden Avenue in Harrow, was arrested and subsequently charged with three offences of malicious communications. He has been remanded into custody and appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Tuesday April 30.

Officers from Watford's Local Crime Unit have been working closely with schools throughout the investigation. Headteachers have been keeping the wider school community, including parents and guardians, updated.

A 38 year old man from St Albans, who was arrested last week in connection with the investigation, remains released under investigation at this time.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "We're not currently seeking anyone else in connection with this investigation and I'd like to reassure the community that there is no on-going risk to the public.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank the leaders of the schools involved. They have worked closely with us and have been supportive throughout this investigation."
