```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A computer hacker who was jailed for creating malware responsible for 1.7 million cyber attacks has been ordered to pay back almost \xA370,000 - or must face another two years in prison."
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2018
title: "Computer hacker Adam Mudd ordered to pay back \xA370,000"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Computer-hacker-Adam-Mudd-ordered-to-pay-back-70000-C
```

**A computer hacker who was jailed for creating malware responsible for 1.7 million cyber attacks has been ordered to pay back almost £70,000 - or must face another two years in prison. **

Adam Mudd, now 21, of Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was sentenced to two years in prison last year after admitting three counts of computer misuse and a count of money laundering.

The charges related to the creation and administration of a cybercrime tool which was then used by other cyber criminals to carry out attacks, with some 666,000 IP addresses being hacked.

Mudd developed and sold the tool from the comfort of his own bedroom, benefitting by £171,000.

He was arrested and jailed in 2017 following an investigation by the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit and the National Crime Agency.

Yesterday (Monday) Mudd was ordered to pay £69,629 within the next three months following a confiscation order hearing at the Old Bailey.

The order was brought about by ERSOU's Regional Economic Crime Unit.

Detective Chief Inspector Martin Peters, from ERSOU's cyber and economic crime directorate, said: "This case sends a very clear message to others who may be tempted by committing cybercrime or who are already committing cyber scams - we can trace you and we will bring you to justice if you step over the line.

"We are determined that no-one should benefit financially from any type of crime which is why we're pleased this order has been brought about against Mudd.

"This was an incredibly complex operation, involving a number of different agencies, and we're pleased that is has now reached its conclusion."
