```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit has taken part in a professional photoshoot by Katrina Wilson Dog Photography Bedfordshire in order to produce a calendar and help raise money for two charities
publish:
  date: 21 Sep 2018
title: Buy a BCH Dog Unit calendar and raise money for charity!
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/buy-a-bch-dog-unit-calendar-and-raise-money-for-charity-ALL
```

The Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit has taken part in a professional photoshoot by Katrina Wilson Dog Photography Bedfordshire in order to produce a calendar and help raise money for two charities.

The calendar will feature some of the team's incredible crime-fighting canines and is sure to prove popular with any dog lovers out there.

None of the featured photos will have been seen before, so this is a unique opportunity to not only support the unit but also two charities that look after rescue animals.

The funds raised will be split between German Shepherd Rescue Elite and Luna Animal Rescue.

German Shepherd Rescue Elite looks to rescue and rehome German Shepherds across the country, whilst educating people about the breed.

Bedfordshire-based Luna Animal Rescue has been working for around five years to help rehome dogs, cats and small animals predominantly in the South East of the UK.

PC Lindsey Cox, from the BCH Dog Unit and who handles PD Harley, said: "We're hoping this is going to be a fun way of raising money for two deserving animal charities.

"The support we receive from the public has always been overwhelming and we'd be incredibly grateful if this could extend to our aim of raising funds for the rescue centres.

"As there is a limited number of calendars, we are asking for a minimum donation of £8 per calendar, and any larger donations will obviously be received with our sincere thanks."

If you wish to support the unit's fundraising by pre-ordering a calendar please make your donation via PayPal

**Please note** : payment can only be taken via PayPal. Please ensure your PayPal address is correct for postage. Alternatively, the calendars can be collected from one of three forces' headquarters (Kempston, Beds, Huntingdon, Cambs or Welwyn Garden City, Herts). If you'd prefer to collect your calendar please leave a note when making payment via PayPal.
