```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary took part in a national knife amnesty between September 18 and 24, which resulted in a good haul of unwanted knives and other potential weapons.
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2018
title: Hertfordshire knife amnesty results
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-knife-amnesty-results-1820ALL
```

* ### Hertfordshire residents hand in 200 knives and other items during the week long amnesty.

 * ### Swords, cleavers and combat knives as well as domestic knives surrendered to police.

 * ### Knife sweeps, test purchase operations and community engagements events also carried out.

Hertfordshire Constabulary took part in a national knife amnesty between September 18 and 24, which resulted in a good haul of unwanted knives and other potential weapons.

The amnesty was part of a national campaign, Operation Sceptre, being run by police forces across the country to reduce the number of illegal knives in circulation. Due to an increase in knife-related incidents across the country over the last three years, the amnesty provided a great opportunity to issue some strong messages and advice about the risks of carrying a knife in public.

During the amnesty 200 knives were deposited in the bins at police stations in Hatfield (90), Stevenage (52) and Watford (47) which included swords, military knives, knuckle dusters and a large amount of kitchen knives. Eleven knives were also surrendered at an event in Waltham Cross which ran between September 19 and 22.

Other activities carried out during the campaign included test purchasing operations with cadets, to ensure retailers were adhering to laws regarding knife sales to those under 18.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd, said: "The Operation Sceptre amnesties form a key part of Hertfordshire's Serious Violence Strategy to reduce the number of knives on the streets and also provide an opportunity to raise awareness of this issue.

"It is great that there has been a positive response to this campaign and a number of knives have been surrendered. However, we all need to continue to work together In Hertfordshire to educate young people about the dangers of knives and crack down on those who are carrying weapons."

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit who led the campaign, said: "We have had a great response from the public and who have handed more knives than during our last amnesty. The amnesties are a good way to reduce the number of knives in circulation and we have also carried out a number of knife detection and test purchasing operations.

"Over the next three years we will be implementing our Serious Violence Strategy, which is a longer term plan for dealing with knife crime in the county. As part of this strategy we are looking at how we can educate young people about the potential consequences of carrying a knife, which is not only putting themselves at risk of injury but is also illegal and if they are found carrying one they will be arrested. We will also be looking at the impact that knife crime has on individuals, their families and communities and how knives are getting into the hands of under 18 years olds, as well as targeting those we know are carrying knives."

Surrended at Hatfield Surrended at Stevenage Surrended at Waltham Cross Surrended at Watford
