```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Today (04 December), 29 heads of state are congregating in Hertfordshire for a meeting as part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation\u2019s (NATO) 70th Anniversary London Summit."
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2019
title: "NATO meeting at The Grove, Chandler\u2019s Cross, Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/nato-meeting-at-the-grove-chandlers-cross-watford
```

Today (04 December), 29 heads of state are congregating in Hertfordshire for a meeting as part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's (NATO) 70th Anniversary London Summit.

They are being hosted at The Grove hotel in Chandler's Cross, on the outskirts of Watford, and there are several road closures in place to facilitate the event.

 * Hempstead Road is closed until 23.59 tonight (4 December).
 * Fir Tree Hill, Langleybury Lane and Grove Mill Lane will be closed until 8pm tonight (4 December).

Hertfordshire Constabulary and the Metropolitan Police Service have been liaising with Her Majesty's Government, who have organised the event, as well as the hotel and partner agencies including Watford Borough Council and the Canal and River Trust, for some considerable time.

Officers aim to ensure that any impact on the local residents and businesses is kept to an absolute minimum, and have been working closely with our partners to achieve this.

Those living within the road closures have been issued with Vehicle Access Passes (VAPs) and those living and working in the vicinity of the closures have had direct contact from Safer Neighbourhood Officers to discuss their individual needs.

If you need access inside the road closures today due to a personal emergency*, there will be an officer stationed at the following locations to help facilitate this up until 8pm:

 * Hollytree House, Gammons Lane, Watford
 * Abbots Langley police station, WD5 0AP

Alternatively, you can call 101, mention your query is in relation to the NATO meeting road closures and your call will be dealt with by a dedicated team.

The Police Community Support Officers stationed in the above drop-in locations will be able to provide support, advice or reassurance during the operation.

*An example of a personal emergency includes a vulnerable person's carer being stuck in traffic, a plumbing malfunction or a sick pet that needs a vet to attend the address immediately.

This might be someone whose carer is stuck in the traffic and is vulnerable for example. If you cannot get to the drop-in locations, then please call 101 and explain the situation.

We can then arrange for the person in question to meet officers at a closure to confirm they are genuine before being escorted through.

 * More information can be found on our dedicated NATO page.
