```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are issuing crime prevention advice to motorbike and moped owners following a spate of thefts across the county.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2020
title: Advice given to motorbike and moped owners after thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-given-to-motorbike-and-moped-owners-after-thefts-1566all
```

Police are issuing crime prevention advice to motorbike and moped owners following a spate of thefts across the county.

Over the last two weeks there have been 19 reports of motorbikes and mopeds being stolen across East Herts, Dacorum, Welwyn Hatfield and Three Rivers.

Officers are carrying out extensive work to trace the offender(s), including checking CCTV and house-to-house enquiries.

Inspector Nicola Dean from the Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit, said: "Thieves have been targeting motorbikes and mopeds in several areas around the county.

"We are asking owners to take precautions to ensure their vehicles are protected. It sounds simple but always lock your bike and set its alarm if it has one. Where possible, try to use a designated motorcycle parking place with a stand and security loop.

"We recommend that you use a motorbike cover so that it's not on show and is less likely to attract attention. If a potential thief does attempt to steal it, there's a chance that the rustling from removing the cover will draw attention to them and they might think again.

"If you have an off-road bike, you can ask the DVLA to register its details (frame and engine numbers) on their systems and police computers for free.

Other tips to keep your bike safe include:

 * Always lock your bike and set its alarm if it has one.
 * Try to use a designated motorcycle parking place with a stand and security loop.
 * Always lock your bike to something secure - at home, fit special attachments such as ground loops to lock your bike to.
 * Use a motorbike cover - don't advertise what you've got!
 * Have the motorbike security marked with its Vehicle Identification Number (VIN).
 * Check with your insurance company - they may offer insurance discounts for certain security measures.
 * When purchasing security devices, make sure they are either Thatcham or Sold Secure approved.
 * Never leave helmets or other possessions with your bike.
 * Try to park where there's CCTV.
 * If you're buying a second hand bike or parts, be wary of so-called 'bargains'. Have a good look at the registration documents and check the bike's history with HPI Group Ltd, Carwatch UK Ltd, the AA or the RAC.
 * If you ride an off-road bike, ask the DVLA to register its details (frame and engine numbers) on their own and police computers. It's free.

If you have information about these recent thefts or have witnessed any take place, please get in touch so that we can take appropriate action. You can get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or report information online. . You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
