```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Hatfield town centre where a man was allegedly threatened are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 4 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following alleged incident in Hatfield town centre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-incident-in-Hatfield-town-centre-0011
```

* ### Officers investigating an incident where a man was allegedly threatened with a knife are appealing for witnesses to get in touch.

 * ### The incident is reported to have happened on Easter Sunday (April 1) at around 3.15pm in The Arcade, Hatfield.

 * ### Anyone who saw what happened is asked to contact PC Chris Parkhouse.

 * ### A man has been charged in connection with the alleged incident.

Officers investigating an incident in Hatfield town centre where a man was allegedly threatened are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 3.15pm on Sunday (April 1), it is reported that an altercation occurred between two men outside the Pak Halal Butchers in The Arcade. Following the argument it is alleged that the offender threatened the victim - a man aged in his 40s - with a knife.

PC Chris Parkhouse, who is investigating, said: "We understand that this alleged incident was witnessed by a number of people and a man intervened to restrain the offender. Several other people also helped the victim.

"If you saw the incident, please get in touch as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Parkhouse by emailing, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/18/1411 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Kaysar Ahmed, aged 37, of Stockbreach Road, Hatfield, has been charged with threatening a person with an offensive weapon in a public place. He is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on May 4.
