```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are seeking an enthusiastic individual to join our Community DriveSafe scheme as a Volunteer Administrator.
publish:
  date: 9 Mar 2018
title: Volunteer sought for community DriveSafe scheme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Volunteer-sought-for-community-DriveSafe-scheme-1768ALL
```

* ### A Volunteer Administrator is being sought for the Community DriveSafe scheme.

 * ### DriveSafe was set up by the Police and Crime Commissioner in 2013 in response to concerns from residents.

 * ### The volunteer administrator will be responsible for a number of tasks.

We are seeking an enthusiastic individual to join our Community DriveSafe scheme as a Volunteer Administrator.

The DriveSafe initiative was introduced by Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd in 2013 in response to concerns about speeding in residential streets or villages. It encourages people to set up schemes in their local communities and undertake roadside monitoring sessions, to educate drivers and increase awareness about speed - more information is available here.

As DriveSafe Volunteer Administrator you will:

 * Support PCSOs and PCs in delivering induction training to new members
 * Support officers at appropriate forums, such as parish meetings
 * Support individual DriveSafe schemes with any issues that may arise and help to problem solve
 * Help volunteers to publicise their DriveSafe scheme
 * Support the evaluation of the scheme
 * Assist with allocating DriveSafe equipment
 * Support communication between DriveSafe schemes by setting up, monitoring and moderating an online forum.

Candidates are required to be computer literate, have good interpersonal skills and confidence in dealing with the public.

If you are interested in applying, please visit.

The Volunteer Scheme welcomes applications from across the county and reimburses travelling expenses up to 15 miles from the volunteering location. Hours and location to be agreed locally
