```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) in Hertsmere have set the policing priorities to focus on over the next three months.
publish:
  date: 6 Jan 2021
title: Policing priorities for Hertsmere set for next three months
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Policing-priorities-for-Hertsmere-set-for-next-three-months-1051J
```

* ### New priorities set for Hertsmere based on feedback from residents

 * ### You can have your say using our community voice platform, echo

The Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) in Hertsmere have set the policing priorities to focus on over the next three months.

The SNT is responsible for fixing short and long-term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour and they work with local partners, including the council, to ensure that the borough is a safe place to live and work.

The following priorities have been set and a dedicated team of PCs and PCSOs will be working to address them:

**Borehamwood and Elstree**

 * **To reduce fear of crime in The Rise, Elstree** - Residents in The Rise told us they were concerned about crime in the area. Whilst crime is low, our officers will work to reassure residents and work with Hertsmere Borough Council to address some environmental issues which were also raised as a concern.
 * **Theft from Person in Borehamwood** - Following our recent drive to reduce retail theft and with shops closing due to current restrictions, theft from person has been on the rise so we will work to address this.

**Bushey and Radlett**

 * **Anti-social behaviour in and around Park Avenue and Bushey North** - The Bushey and Radlett SNT will work to reduce anti-social behaviour in these areas following an increase in reports of recently.
 * **Speeding in Radlett and Aldenham** - Officers will work to tackle this after residents have raised concerns about speeding in various locations across Radlett and Aldenham.

**Potters Bar and Shenley**

 * **Anti-social driving and speeding on major routes in and out of Potters Bar** - identified by residents through the Online Watch Link* service (OWL) and our community voice platform echo. Officers will address speeding, including Baker Street, Mutton Lane, Barnet Road, Southgate Road, Hatfield Road and The Causeway.
 * **Anti-social behaviour in Wyllyotts Place underground car park in Darkes Lane, Potters Bar** - following reports of anti-social behaviour committed by groups of youths congregating in the underground car park, and the location being used for drug related activity, littering and graffiti related damage. The SNT will work to tackle these issues.

Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Rachael Robertson said: "These priorities have been set following responses from residents using our public feedback service echo and I thank them for taking the time in sharing what matters most to them. It's really useful to understand what you would like to see from us.

"We will review these again in three months but in the meantime, you can still provide us with feedback using echo. Simply go to bit.ly/police-hm and have your say. It's important to note that some comments we receive are about things that aren't police matters, such as parking and litter, however we do pass these comments to our partner agencies, such as Hertsmere Borough Council so that they are aware and can look to tackle them."

You can follow @ Hertsmerepolice on Twitter and 'Hertsmere Police' on Facebook for regular updates from your Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

*The Online Watch Link (OWL) is a free messaging system where residents can sign-up via www.owl.co.uk/herts to receive local news about what is happening in their neighbourhood as well as limited relevant Force-wide news.

People who sign up don't need to do anything other than read the messages and act on any crime prevention advice. Typically, messages would be alerting members to burglaries with relevant crime prevention advice, local missing people and car thefts.
