```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged knifepoint robbery in Hitchin are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 18 Apr 2019
title: Appeal following alleged knifepoint robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-knifepoint-robbery-in-hitchin-0103g
```

* ### A smart watch and a mobile phone were stolen.

 * ### Witnesses are being urged to come forward.

 * ### Two people have been arrested in connection with the incident.

Officers investigating an alleged knifepoint robbery in Hitchin are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

Just after 4pm on Tuesday, April 16, a man and his female partner were walking on Windmill Hill when two males approached them through some bushes. There was an altercation, during which a knife was reportedly produced.

The victim was then put in a headlock and forced to walk down Hermitage Road and Bancroft, before his smart watch and mobile phone were stolen.

PC Geoff Scarborough, who is investigating, said: "This was a very distressing incident, as the victim's partner rang police and followed from a distance. It's believed that a number of members of the public were in the area at the time, either walking or sat on the hill. I'd ask anyone who saw what happened to please get in contact."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Scarborough by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/34550/19. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * Two people have been arrested in connection with the incident and released under investigation.
