```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police and Trading Standards have warned against the sale of illegal tobacco products following a joint operation at a convenience store in Potters Bar on Friday (10 January).
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2020
title: Warning against the sale of illegal tobacco products
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-against-the-sale-of-illegal-tobacco-products-1278
```

* ### Nearly two thousand illegal cigarettes have been seized by officers and Trading Standards in Potters Bar.

 * ### Warnings have been made about the sale and purchase of such products.

 * ### An operation was carried out in the town on Friday 10 January.

Police and Trading Standards have warned against the sale of illegal tobacco products following a joint operation at a convenience store in Potters Bar on Friday (10 January).

A total of 1,900 illegal/no duty cigarettes and 25 50gram pouches of illegal/no duty hand rolling tobacco were seized by Trading Standards.

Councillor Terry Hone, Cabinet Member for Community Protection and Waste Management at Hertfordshire County Council, said: "Working together with our partner agencies we can ensure that consumers are protected and local businesses that trade legally are supported and given the opportunity to thrive in our communities."

Police constable Paul Francis, from Potters Bar Safer Neighbourhood Team, added: "We take these offences seriously and work with partner agencies to investigate, search for and seize these products.

"I would encourage retailers in the town to not be tempted to stock items like this and Potters Bar residents not to purchase such items as there is a greater risk to their health with not knowing the origins or contents of these products."

You can report information about criminal activity online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
