```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following an alleged assault in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-an-alleged-assault-in-hatfield-2000
```

* ### Did you witness alleged assault outside the Incognito African Lounge in Hatfield, or come to victim's aid after the incident?

 * ### It happened at around 3.50am on Sunday, October 21 and the victim suffered a deep cut to his face

 * ### Have you got any information that you believe could prove useful to the investigation? Please call 101 quoting 41/48472/18

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened outside the Incognito African Lounge in The Arcade, at around 3.50am on Sunday, October 21.

It was reported that there was a physical altercation between two men which resulted in the victim, a man in his 20s, being assaulted with a broken bottle.

As a result he received a laceration to his face which required hospital treatment.

Detective Constable Kylie Davies, who is investigating, said: "The victim received a deep cut to his face as a result of the assault and is now recovering at home.

"We know that there were a number of witnesses on the evening in question, some who stepped in to assist the victim after the incident, so we are keen to trace these people as we believe they could help us with our enquiries.

"If you saw what happened and have not yet spoken to police, or have any further information that could assist our investigation, please get in touch by emailing me at _kylie.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101 or reporting information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting crime reference 41/48472/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 23-year-old man from Allenton, Derbyshire, has been arrested on suspicion of GBH in connection with this incident and released under investigation while enquiries continue.
