```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are urging cyclists in Baldock to review the security of their bikes following a number of recent thefts.
publish:
  date: 28 Oct 2017
title: Is your bicycle secure?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Is-your-bicycle-secure-1081G
```

* ### A number of bikes have been reported stolen in Baldock.

 * ### There are simple steps you can take to keep your bicycles secure.

 * ### Call police if you witness any suspicious activity around bikes.

Police are urging cyclists in Baldock to review the security of their bikes following a number of recent thefts.

PCSO Sara Masella, from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "There are a number of steps people can take to help keep their bicycles more secure.

"The best thing to do is to keep your bike out of sight wherever possible. Store it in a secure garage or shed and make sure it is chained to something solid using good quality locks. If possible, consider keeping your bike inside your home.

"When out and about, never leave your bike unlocked - even if you are just popping into a shop. Secure it to something solid using a D-shaped shackle lock, preferably in a public place.

"I'd also urge people to register their bikes for free on the online property database www.immobilise.com. This way, if your bike is ever lost or stolen and subsequently recovered, it can be returned to you.

"If you witnesses suspicious activity around bicycles, please report it to police."

Anyone with information about the thefts is asked to contact the Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team via the non-emergency number 101 or use the online reporting form

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
