```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two people have appeared at Hatfield Remand Court this morning (Saturday, December 1) in connection with the disappearance of William \u2018Bill\u2019 Taylor from Gosmore in North Herts."
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2018
title: "Missing William Taylor \u2013 two remanded in custody"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Missing-William-Taylor\u2013two-remanded-in-custody-2164MD"
```

Two people have appeared at Hatfield Remand Court this morning (Saturday, December 1) in connection with the disappearance of William 'Bill' Taylor from Gosmore in North Herts.

Angela Taylor, aged 52, of Charlton Road, Hitchin and Paul Cannon, aged 53, of Pirton Road, Hitchin were both charged with conspiracy to murder, yesterday (Friday, November 30).

Today at court, they did not enter a plea but have been remanded in custody and will next appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 7 January, 2019.

An 18 year old man and a 23 year old man, both from Hitchin, who were also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder were released on police bail while enquiries continue.

All four were arrested by officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit on Thursday, November 29.

Farmer William Taylor was last seen at his home in Gosmore on Sunday, June 3 at around 9pm -shortly before his 70th birthday. He was reported missing to police the following day (Monday, June 4).

Since then extensive enquiries and searches have been carried out in the effort to locate him before information led officers to launch a murder investigation.

William's body has not yet been found and enquiries are on-going.

Anyone with information that could assist police is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101. You can also submit information here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/824
