```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "On Wednesday 7 August Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion ran another operation targeting travelling criminality in Waltham Cross."
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2019
title: "Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion deliver another sting"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/broxbournes-operation-scorpion-deliver-another-sting-0616k
```

* ### A man was arrested and 20 cars seized during the operation.

 * ### More than 80 vehicles were stopped during the multi-agency operation.

 * ### Around 50 tickets were issued for a range of offences.

On Wednesday 7 August Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion ran another operation targeting travelling criminality in Waltham Cross.

More than 80 vehicles were stopped, a person arrested and more than 20 cars seized. Around 50 tickets were issued for a range of traffic offences.

The operation, which was supported by the local Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) and Special Constabulary, ran between 10am and 4pm and utilised Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology. These were static cameras and cameras fitted to both marked and unmarked police vehicles.

A number of partner agencies attended the operation, including the National Crime Agency, Environment Agency, the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit, Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency, Trading Standards and HM Revenue and Customs.

Officers patrolled the area near to the A10 and M25 and the borders of neighbouring Essex and London. Vehicles were then directed to a car park near the Lee Valley White Water Centre where officers spoke with drivers about any potential offences.

Following a pursuit of a vehicle in the town, which involved numerous officers and a dog handler and Police Dog Lex from the NCA, a 35-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of theft, burglary and failing to stop for police.

Eight traffic offence reports were issued to drivers who had no insurance, 22 were issued to drivers not wearing seatbelts and 12 people were reported for using their mobile phones whilst driving.

Three drivers were also reported for driving a vehicle with defective tyres, whilst three passengers were reported for not wearing their seatbelts.

Ten vehicles were seized for not having tax, eight drivers were prohibited from using their vehicles by the DVSA due to serious defects and five were seized for not having valid insurance.

Six searches of people and vehicles took place and a knife was recovered from the site by officers - it is believed to have been dropped from a vehicle.

PC Ian Gould from Operation Scorpion said: "I'm incredibly grateful to our partner agencies, other policing teams - including the SNT, Special Constabulary, Mobile Scorpion Team, Road Policing Unit and Operation Support Group - for fully supporting this latest operation, which has again proved very successful.

"Broxbourne remains an incredibly hostile place for criminals and these operations form part of our strategy to disrupt and deter those involved with serious acquisitive crime, such as burglary, drug and vehicle crime.

"Not only have we been able to detect some serious traffic offences, we're continuing to build a strong intelligence picture of who is in our county and whether they intend to cause harm to our communities.

"Despite some minor disruption to members of the public going about their everyday business, I hope they'll see the benefit of such proactive operations, which will continue."
