```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police officers from across the East of England are joining forces to tackle the seasonal issue of illegal hare coursing.
publish:
  date: 29 Aug 2018
title: Joining Forces to Tackle Hare Coursing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/joining-forces-to-tackle-hare-coursing-1709ALL
```

* ### Six police forces unite to tackle hare coursing.

 * ### Partner agencies join the operation.

 * ### Days of action planned.

Police officers from across the East of England are joining forces once again to tackle the seasonal issue of illegal hare coursing.

With the harvest now complete, Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Essex police forces are working in partnership with the National Farmer's Union (NFU), Natural England and the Country Land and Business Association to tackle this criminal activity which can cause thousands of pounds worth of damage to crop fields, irrigation systems, fences and gates.

Hare coursing has been illegal for more than a decade, since the implementation of the Hunting Act 2004. This banned activity sees greyhounds and other 'sight' hounds, such as lurchers, chasing a hare by sight, not scent.

Usually, but not always, it's carried out in groups. The dogs flush out the hares in the fields and are then released from their leads to chase, and often kill, the hare. Frequently the practice is highly organised. Significant sums of money can change hands in the form of illegal betting and gambling on the outcome. The victor is determined by the first dog to catch and 'turn' the hare or kill it.

"Those engaged in this illegal act trespass on private land, damaging crops and property, as well as intimidating and showing violence towards those who challenge their presence," explained Rural Sergeant for Hertfordshire Jamie Bartlett. "It can also be very distressing for members of the public to witness hare coursing.

"We also believe that many of those engaged in hare coursing also commit other offences against the rural community, such as theft of farm machinery, diesel, tools and off road vehicles."

**Operation Galileo** is targeting Hare Coursing throughout the East of England. As part of this operation there are special days of action where Wildlife Crime Officers will be carrying out proactive patrols along with other officers who will receive special local briefings and pay attention to hotspot areas within their districts, dealing robustly with offenders.

In Hertfordshire and other participating counties all specially trained rural officers are on hand to help and support operational police officers during the days of action should they be called to deal with a hare coursing offence.

The Operation was officially launched at the last meeting of the East of England Wildlife Crime Regional Enforcement Group that was held recently. This group brings together all of the region's Police Forces, the Crown Prosecution Service, Natural England and the Environment Agency.

Paul Cantwell, Species Enforcement Specialist from Natural England who chairs the group said:

"This is the first year that all six Forces in the East of England are all co-operating together in relation to Hare Coursing Operations over the course of a "season". This will help ensure that the East of England will not tolerate people coursing anywhere in the Region. But not only that, we are hoping all other areas of England and Wales will carry out their own operations on these dates to make the countryside a "no go" area for these criminals."

Rosalind David, County Advisor for the NFU in Hertfordshire said: "Hare coursing is a serious and on-going problem in the countryside, affecting too many of our members. They feel isolated, desperate and powerless to stop the coursers - sometimes numbering 50 people - trespassing on their land.

"As well as the illegal killing of wildlife coursers cause damage to crops, hedges and gates and they are prepared to use violence and intimidation against farmers if challenged. Incidents of hare coursing can only be reduced where there is concerted action by farmers, the police, prosecutors and the courts. This includes sentences that reflect the seriousness of the crime, with steps such as seizing the dogs used by coursers and crushing vehicles.

If you think you are witnessing hare coursing in progress call 999 immediately. Anyone other information should be reported via the non-emergency number 101, or online _(or via other Forces online reporting tools)_.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
