```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Around 40 elderly residents from Hertford attended a special event organised by Hertfordshire Constabulary and Herts Fire and Rescue Service at the SELE Centre today (April 4).
publish:
  date: 4 Apr 2018
title: Staying safe in later life
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Staying-safe-in-later-life-0012A
```

* ### Special event for elderly residents held in Hertford.

 * ### One stop shop for information about staying safe in later life.

Around 40 elderly residents from Hertford attended a special event organised by Hertfordshire Constabulary and Herts Fire and Rescue Service at the SELE Centre today (April 4).

The Older Person Learning and Activity & Safety (OPALS) event is aimed at helping elderly residents stay safe and active in later life.

The event ran from 10am until 2pm and featured a number of key speakers from Hertfordshire Constabulary, Neighbourhood Watch, Herts Fire and Rescue, Trading Standards, the Red Cross, the Hertford Independent Living Services, Hertfordshire County Council Road Safety and Age UK. They covered topics ranging from fire safety, staying safe and crime prevention advice, first aid and keeping active and social.

Refreshments, including lunch, were kindly provided by the CO-OP, SELE Farm

Neighbourhood Watch Liaison Officer Terry Morris who attended for Hertfordshire Constabulary said: "This was a great event and very well attended. The speakers spoke for 15 minutes on each of their topics, allowing for much more informal and interactive event.

"Covering so many different topics by different agencies in one day was very productive, as many elderly residents find it hard to get out and about to separate events."

The event was supported by the Hertfordshire Constabulary Police Cadets, who helped with meet and greet and catering services throughout the day.
