```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are issuing vehicle security advice to residents following seven vehicle thefts in Waltham Cross, Hoddesdon and Wormley since the start of May.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2020
title: Security advice following theft of vehicles in Waltham Cross, Hoddesdon and Wormley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/security-advice-following-theft-of-vehicles-in-waltham-cross-hoddesdon-and-wormley-0139
```

* ### Vehicle security advice is being issued in the Borough of Broxbourne.

 * ### This comes after seven vehicles have been stolen in the area since 1 May.

 * ### Call 101 if you have information about these crimes.

We are issuing vehicle security advice to residents following seven vehicle thefts in Waltham Cross, Hoddesdon and Wormley since the start of May.

Offenders have broken into homes and taken vehicle keys which have been left close to the front door in coat pockets or left on sideboards, they have then used the keys to drive the vehicles away.

Hoddesdon Sergeant Chris Fisher said: "We are reminding residents of the importance of vehicle security and to keep keys and key fobs secure inside your home and away from front doors and windows.

"If you have a keyless entry vehicle you should also keep fobs as far away from the vehicle as possible and keep fobs inside a faraday pouch to make your vehicle even safer."

**Here are 10 tips to help you protect your vehicle and the property within it:**

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.

You can report information about crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
