```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The multi-agency Operation Vortical, which uses Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology to detect and disrupt criminals, took place in Hemel Hempstead last Wednesday (April 17).
publish:
  date: 23 Apr 2019
title: Proactive operation targets travelling criminals
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/proactive-operation-targets-travelling-criminals-0114d
```

* ### Officers used Automatic Number Plate Recognition to stop and examine vehicles in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### The operation aims to detect and disrupt criminals who travel into the county to commit crimes.

 * ### Six people were arrested and ten vehicles were seized.

 * ### Ten Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) were issued for no insurance, bald tyres and no MOTs.

The multi-agency Operation Vortical, which uses Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology to detect and disrupt criminals, took place in Hemel Hempstead last Wednesday (April 17).

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, Intervention, Operation Scorpion, Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, Mobile Scorpion Team and the Special Constabulary were involved in the action, along with colleagues from the DVLA and HMRC, which saw seven people arrested and several vehicles seized.

Vehicles were stopped on Breakspear Way and Boundary Way and taken to check points where drivers' details were verified and their vehicles were examined for any defects.

A total of 130 vehicles were stopped during the six hour operation.

 * Six people were arrested for the following offences; taking a vehicle without consent, drink driving, drug driving. Four people were arrested for possession of drugs with intent to supply.
 * Ten vehicles were seized for numerous offences including no insurance, driving licence or tax.
 * Ten Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) were issued for no insurance, bald tyres and no MOT.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Paul Mitson said: "This is a multi-agency, council supported operation that is aimed at detecting travelling criminals involved in burglary, drug supply and theft of and from motor vehicles.

"I hope that this type of proactive police activity sends a strong message to offenders considering travelling into Hertfordshire to commit crimes that they run the risk of being stopped and arrested."
