```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets joined together for their annuals awards ceremony last week.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2018
title: St Albans & Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets celebrate success at annual awards ceremony
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/St-Albans-Harpenden-Volunteer-Police-Cadets-celebrate-success-at-annual-awards-ceremony-1823
```

* ### The ceremony was a chance for cadets to reflect back on the highlights of the past year, as well as receive recognition for their hard work

 * ### This summer, the cadets came first place in the Constabulary's County Cadet Competition

 * ### If you are interested in joining St Albans and Harpended Volunteer Police Cadets, please visit www.herts.police.uk/cadets or email _steven.alison@herts.pnn.police.uk_

The St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets joined together for their annuals awards ceremony last week.

The ceremony, which took place on Tuesday, September 18, at Harpenden Fire Station, was a chance for cadets to reflect back on the highlights of the past year, as well as receive recognition for their contribution to both the Constabulary and the local community over the past twelve months.

Cadets and their parents were joined by VIP guests including St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates, former St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek, Watch Commander Sam Rickerty from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, and Councillor Brian Ellis, the Deputy Mayor of Harpenden.

The evening began with the cadets taking part in a parade, inspected by the two Chief Inspectors and the Deputy Mayor, before a number of awards were given out to recognise the cadets' hard work throughout the past year.

Senior Cadet Jacob Head was awarded Cadet of the Year 2018, while Senior Cadet Tom Beddoe was presented with Cadet's Cadet of the Year 2018, as chosen by his peers. Cadet Charlie Thomas received the award for New Cadet of the Year 2018.

The past year has seen many achievements for the group, with them achieving first place in the Constabulary's County Cadet Competition back in July at Police Headquarters. The annual competition saw cadet groups across the county compete in a variety of activities from riot shield runs and rifle shooting to giving evidence in front of a mock court and using a search dog to find hidden items.

In August of this year, the cadet group achieved national success when they came an impressive sixth place in the National Police Cadet Competition. At this event, in Scotland, the group had been chosen to represent Hertfordshire, and they competed against 20 other cadet groups from across the UK.

Leader of the St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets, Acting Inspector Steve Alison, said: "It's been another great year for St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets. Winning the County Cadet Competition this summer was a special highlight, especially as this was the second year we had won it in a row.

"Representing Hertfordshire at the National Police Cadet Competition in Scotland was particularly exciting and the group's success is testament to their hard work and determination.

"I have every confidence that they will be able to build on this success over the next year and I would like to thank all the cadets for their hard work. Police cadets often work closely with frontline officers to help keep residents safe, assisting them with anything from test purchases to community events. The St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets take this role seriously, while having great fun, and they are a real asset to both the Constabulary and the local community."

_Hertfordshire Police Cadets are young members of the community that are involved in a wide range of policing activities and events. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. Specialist departments such as the tri-force Armed Policing Unit give regular talks, and groups also take part in exciting outdoor activities and summer camps._

_St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets are currently recruiting for new cadets, aged between 13 and 18. If you are interested in applying, or would like some more information, please go towww.herts.police.uk/cadets or email _steven.alison@herts.pnn.police.uk_. _

St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates inspects the Cadets during their parade ‘Cadet of the Year 2018’ Jacob Head with St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates ‘Cadet’s Cadet of the Year 2018’ Tom Beddoe and Deputy Mayor Brian Ellis ‘New Cadet of the Year 2018’ Charlie Thomas and Watch Commander Sam Rickerty from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service
