```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s Rural Support Team are currently investigating the shooting of a Red Kite."
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2018
title: Red Kite shot in Ashwell
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/red-kite-shot-in-ashwell-1977G
```

* ### Rural Team investigate shooting.

 * ### Persecution of birds of prey is a National Wildlife Crime Priority.

 * ### Information and witnesses sought.

Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Rural Support Team are currently investigating the shooting of a Red Kite.

The injured bird was spotted by a local gamekeeper on a bridleway called Green Lane, just off Northfields Road in Ashwell, on Saturday September 29. However he was unable to catch it until October 3. He then took the bird to a local vet where x-rays indicated that it had been shot and had also sustained broken wings. Sadly, it was therefore put to sleep.

Officers are appealing for anyone who has any information about the bird and its injuries to contact them as soon as possible.

Detective Constable Amanda Matthews said: "The reintroduction of Red Kites has been a fantastic success story and the expansion of the population into Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire has allowed more people to see these amazing birds.

"The **_persecution_** of birds of prey is a National Wildlife Crime Priority and we treat all incidents of this nature very seriously. We are therefore urging people to come forward with any information that could assist us to progress this matter."

Anyone who has any information about the incident is asked to contact DC Amanda Matthews via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/47461/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
