```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been arrested following a serious assault in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: "One arrested in connection with serious assault \u2013 Abbots Langley"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/one-arrested-in-connection-with-serious-assault-abbots-langley-1159
```

* ### A 15 year old boy has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Abbots Langley

 * ### It happened in the area around Rosehill Gardens and Gade View Gardens between 4.30pm and 5pm on Tuesday 3 February

 * ### If you have information you believe could assist the investigation, please contact police quoting ISR 591 of 3 February

A teenager has been arrested following a serious assault in Abbots Langley.

A 15 year old boy from Abbots Langley has been arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent (Grievous Bodily Harm). He is currently in police custody.

The arrest is in connection to an incident which occurred in the vicinity of Rosehill Gardens and Gade View Gardens between 4.30pm and 5pm yesterday (Wednesday 3 February).

The victim, a 15 year old boy, suffered a single stab wound. He was taken to hospital for treatment where he remains in a stable condition, but his injuries are not thought to be life threatening.

Shortly after the incident was reported to police, officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Armed Policing Unit, and the BCH Dog Unit, attended the location alongside local officers to carry out initial enquiries.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Alex Warwick said: "We understand that this incident will cause concern in the community but we hope news of the arrest will assure residents that we have a grip of the investigation. Many of you will already know that officers were in the area yesterday evening to conduct initial house to house enquiries and provide reassurance.

"It is still early days in the investigation but I can tell you that we believe that the parties involved in this assault are known to one another.

"We have already spoken to a number of people in connection with the incident but if you witnessed what happened, or have information you think could help us and you have not yet come forward, please don't hesitate to get in touch.

"Lastly, if you live in Rosehill Gardens, Gade View Gardens or the surrounding area and you have CCTV or a doorbell camera fitted to your property, we would be grateful if you could review your footage as soon as possible to see if you have captured anything of note."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting **ISR 591 of 3 February**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
