```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a series of thefts from motor vehicles in Royston are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of on-going enquires.
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2018
title: CCTV appeal following thefts from motor vehicles
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-thefts-from-motor-vehicles-0377G
```

* ### Police would like to speak to the man pictured as part of enquiries following a series of thefts from vehicles.

 * ### There have been six incidents in Royston where items have been stolen or offender(s) have tried to gain access to parked cars.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Jo Cattley.

Officers investigating a series of thefts from motor vehicles in Royston are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of on-going enquires.

 The following offences, which are being linked, have occurred:

 * **Morton Street** \- at around 3.20am on June 6, change was stolen from a purse inside a vehicle (crime ref 41/4877/18).
 *
 * **Mill Road** \- between 10pm on June 5 and 7.15am the following day. Offender(s) removed a HP laptop, CDs, an Apple Tablet and a Cannon printer (41/4708/18).
 *
 * **Donne Close** \- at around 2.40am on Monday, January 8, CDs and cash were stolen from an unlocked car (G4/18/33).
 *
 * **Donne Close** \- between 2.45am and 2.50am on Monday, January 8, an offender was seen trying door handles of a vehicle (G4/18/35).
 *
 * **Serby Avenue** \- between 3.15am and 3.20am on Monday, January 8, an offender was seen trying door handles of a vehicle (G4/18/43).
 *
 * **Heathfield** \- at around 4.45am on Saturday, December 16, cash was stolen from an unlocked car (G4/17/1222).

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Anyone who recognises the man pictured is asked to contact PC Jo Cattley by emailing, calling 101, or report information online.

###

#####
