```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to 14 months in prison for a stabbing that happened in Hatfield last year.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2019
title: Man sentenced for GBH in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-gbh-in-hatfield-0376
```

A man has been sentenced to 14 months in prison for a stabbing that happened in Hatfield last year.

Connor Dineen, age 22, of Daisy Drive, Hatfield, appeared at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Monday, June 24) after being found guilty of GBH on Wednesday, April 17, following a trial at the same court.

The court heard that on November 18, 2018, Dineen attended his ex-partner's address where the victim, a 25 year old man, was present in the living room.

Dineen then accused his ex-partner and the victim of cheating on him. He began repeatedly punching and pushing the victim, causing him to fall to the floor. As a result, he was left with bruising to his head and back.

The court heard that Dineen then went into the kitchen and retrieved a kitchen knife before approaching the victim. A struggle then ensued during which the victim sustained a laceration to his arm. Dineen then punched the victim again.

The victim managed to flee the property and seek help from neighbours and call the police.

Dineen also fled from the address. Around an hour and a half later, he was found at a property in Welwyn Garden City and arrested on suspicion of GBH.

Detective Constable Chris Jones, who investigated, said: "Dineen's behaviour on that day was shocking. As the victim fled the property, he followed him out and was threatening him.

"I hope this sentence sends a strong message that knife crime will not be tolerated in Welwyn Hatfield and that we will do everything we can to bring offenders to justice."
