```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Dacorum\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion team executed a drugs\u2019 warrant in the Woodhall Farm area of Hemel Hempstead yesterday (Tuesday 8 December)."
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2020
title: "Cannabis seized and intelligence recorded during drugs warrant \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-seized-and-intelligence-recorded-during-drugs-warrant-hemel-hempstead-0969
```

* ### Drugs warrant executed in Woodhall Farm area of Hemel Hempstead based on intelligence to suggest dealing

 * ### Cannabis was seized from the property in Cleves Road after officers forced entry just after 6am

 * ### If you have information about suspected criminal activity in your neighbourhood, please report it to police so officers can take action

Officers from Dacorum's Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion team executed a drugs' warrant in the Woodhall Farm area of Hemel Hempstead yesterday (Tuesday 8 December).

The teams forced entry to an address in Cleves Road just after 6am under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971, before detaining several people inside.

A search of the property was conducted before a quantity of cannabis was recovered and seized. Two people will be dealt with by way of community resolution* as it was their first offence. Further intelligence was recorded and submitted as a result of the warrant.

Sergeant James Bessant, who leads the Hemel Hempstead East Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We forced entry to this particular address because we had reason to suspect drug dealing was occurring at the property.

"I know some may hold the view that it's 'just a bit of cannabis' but my colleagues and I have seen first-hand how drugs can ruin lives. We are committed to seeking out and disrupting suspected drug dealing in this town and will do all we can to crackdown on those involved in this criminal activity.

"We review every single piece of information reported to us and it's this crucial intelligence that enables us to take action, so please - if you suspect criminal activity in your neighbourhood, tell us so we can do something about it."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.

***** A community resolution is an out-of-court disposal used by police to deal with lower level offences in a proportionate manner. This allows officers to educate and further deter those who have shown remorse after committing an offence for the first time.
