```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Broxbourne took part in a national knife amnesty by running an event in Waltham Cross to encourage the surrender of unwanted knives and other potential weapons.
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2018
title: Broxbourne knife amnesty results
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Broxbourne-knife-amnesty-results-1671
```

* ### Waltham Cross holds knife amnesty

 * ### Sixteen knives surrendered over three days

Police in Broxbourne took part in a national knife amnesty by running an event in Waltham Cross to encourage the surrender of unwanted knives and other potential weapons.

The amnesty was part of a national campaign, Operation Sceptre, which ran between February 12 and 18. The amnesty provided a great opportunity to issue some strong messages and advice about the risks of carrying a knife in public, following an increase in knife-related incidents in the borough.

Sixteen knives were handed in to Cheshunt Safe **r** Neighbourhood Team, who were in Waltham Cross town centre between Wednesday February 14 and Friday February 18. The officers were on hand to give advice and oversee the amnesty in which several large knives were surrendered, including two cleavers.

Chief Constable for Hertfordshire Constabulary, Charlie Hall, visited Waltham Cross town centre to see the amnesty in action and also visited the nearby Holdbrook Estate, which has seen an increase in knife related incidents in recent years.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "Positive initiatives such as Operation Sceptre help raise the profile of our drive to tackle knife crime and we need the help of communities and families to ensure that our young people are not carrying knives. Knives do not make you safer, in fact the opposite is true as they make people more vulnerable.

"In recent months we have seen the impact of knife crime with the murder of 15-year-old Jacob Abraham in Waltham Cross and we must do all that we can to prevent another similar tragedy taking place. The loss of any child is truly devastating but Jacob's premature death is particularly heart breaking. The thoughts of the Constabulary remain with Jacob's family who now have to live everyday with the desperate consequences of knife crime."

Inspector for Broxbourne Roy Stammers said: "We have been working hard in the borough, along with our partners to reduce knife crime over the past year and have made some headway. This will continue to be a priority going forward and we are planning a number of initiatives to reinforce the message to young people that carrying knives will only get you arrested or worse."
