```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Watford have been engaging with younger members of the community in recent weeks to help raise awareness around hate crime.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2017
title: Hate crime awareness events in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hate-crime-awareness-events-in-watford
```

* ### Officers have been enagaging with members of the community in recent weeks.

 * ### Feedback has been really positive.

 * ### Further events will be held in the new year.

Officers from Watford have been engaging with younger members of the community in recent weeks to help raise awareness around hate crime.

A hate crime is any criminal offence that is targeted at a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their race, religion, sexual orientation, disability or transgender identity.

Watford has seen a 27.5% increase in the number of hate crime incidents reported, between April 1 and October 10, 2017, compared to the previous year.

In a bid to raise awareness PC Rachael Byrne, Hate Crime Officer for Watford and Three Rivers, visited Stanborough Independent School along with PCSO Sandra Smith, to present an assembly to 90 students from Year 11. They discussed the different types of hate crime and where people can go for help if they believe they have been a victim.

They were also invited to attend a meeting with the Youth Connexions LGBTQ Youth Group to find out what issues they are facing and how the police could better support them. Following this, PCSO Smith joined members for their prom night where she gave advice, alongside a number of other agencies.

But it's not just younger members of the community officers have been working with.

Recently, PC Byrne and Sergeant Luke Mitchell, from the Community Safety Unit, met with the Imam of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, Mujeeb Mirza, and his family. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has a following of more than 200 members in Watford.

Crime Prevention advice was given and Mujeeb shared literature on an understanding of his faith. PC Byrne has also been invited to attend the female Ahmadiyya Muslim group in the New Year to give talks on all aspects of policing.

"I am very passionate about this role and highlighting Hertfordshire Constabulary's commitment in stamping out hate crime," said PC Byrne. "Everyone we have met with so far has been extremely welcoming and I look forward to working with them going forward. I want to reach out and support as many people as possible and we already have further events planned."

She continued: "Despite the increase in reporting over the past year, hate crime is still widely believed to be under-reported. I would encourage people not to tolerate these crimes but report them so they can be investigated and victims can receive relevant support."

You can report a hate crime directly to police by calling 101 or if it is an emergency, dialling 999.

If you would prefer not to go directly to police you can report incidents via a third party reporting centre that will take details of the incident and pass them onto police.

A list of third party reporting centres in Hertfordshire can be found at www.herts.police.uk/hatecrime. Or you can report online at the national anti-hate crime website True Vision www.report-it.org.uk.
