```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As Chief Constable for Hertfordshire Constabulary, I would like to pay tribute to former Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald who sadly passed away on Sunday 20th January. Gerry retired from the force in August last year but remained active in many respects.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2019
title: Constabulary pays tribute to Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/constabulary-pays-tribute-to-chief-inspector-gerry-mcDonald-2468all
```

As Chief Constable for Hertfordshire Constabulary, I would like to pay tribute to former Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald who sadly passed away on Sunday 20th January. Gerry retired from the force in August last year but remained active in many respects.

Gerry began his career in policing in 1993 when he joined the Metropolitan Police Service. He transferred to Hertfordshire in 2007 as a sergeant, before being promoted to Detective Inspector and working in the Force Intelligence Bureau and with Operation Manhunt, the team which investigates distraction burglaries against older people.

From there he was promoted to Chief Inspector and took over leading the police teams in East Herts in 2012.

Originally a short term placement, Gerry's outgoing, enthusiastic, inclusive and open policing style was well suited to the role and he remained in the post for the next six years. During this time he forged excellent working relationships with partner agencies and the communities he was responsible for policing. His energy, enthusiasm and commitment to the public was clear to everyone. Gerry cared deeply about the issues that affected local communities in the area and was well known for 'getting the job done', whether it was tackling the issue of drug and knife crime, rural crime or anti-social behaviour.

Gerry was a leader who was highly respected by those who worked with him. Often described by his staff as leading from the front, his door was always open to them. He had a big personality and leaves a significant legacy in policing. His passing so shortly after retiring has had a big impact on the Constabulary and those who worked alongside him. He will be greatly missed.

Gerry was married to Julia and they had two sons Robert and Nicholas. The family are utmost in our thoughts and prayers.

Charlie Hall

Chief Constable

Former Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald
