```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Highlighting the dangers of drink driving was the aim of a special event which took place in Hertford Town Centre on Saturday night (December 1).
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2018
title: East Herts Police raise awareness of drink drive dangers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/east-herts-police-raise-awareness-of-drink-drive-dangers-2179A
```

* ### Special event in Hertford Town centre raises awareness of the consequences of drink driving.

 * ### Emergency vehicles represent the possible consequences of driving after drinking alcohol.

 * ### Run in conjunction with the countywide month long campaign.

Highlighting the dangers of drink driving was the aim of a special event which took place in Hertford Town Centre on Saturday night (December 1).

The event was organised by Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Russell Jones, who was joined by colleagues from Herts Fire and Rescue Service, the Ambulance Service and Austin's Funeral Directors. Each organisation brought along a vehicle to symbolise the different consequences of drinking and driving.

Staff and volunteers were on hand to give out information about the dangers and consequences of drink driving and to offer help and advice.

"We wanted to do something that would have an impact and would make people think twice about drinking and then driving," Sgt Jones explained. "We hoped seeing the vehicles would get the message across in a meaningful way. We received a very positive response with lots of people stopping to talk to us on the night.

"Every year people choose to gamble their own lives and those of other road users by thinking they will be okay to drive home. The reality is that even a small amount of alcohol can affect your driving ability."

The East Herts campaign will run in conjunction with the annual countywide Drink Drive initiative, which will see officers across the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit (RPU) conducting additional stop-checks to combat drink and drug drivers throughout December.

For more information about drink driving, the law and the dangers it can cause, visit.
