```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers who continue to investigate a burglary in Essendon are now in a position to release images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Images released in bid to trace items stolen from Essendon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-released-in-bid-to-trace-items-stolen-from-essendon-0328
```

* ### The burglary occurred in Berkhamsted Lane.

 * ### Police are now in a position to release images of the stolen items.

 * ### Anyone who has come across them is asked to contact police.

Officers who continue to investigate a burglary in Essendon are now in a position to release images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.

Between 2.30pm and 3.30pm on 2 February, a property in Berkhamsted Lane was broken into and several items of jewellery were stolen.

PC Heather Morris, who is investigating, said: "I fully appreciate that quite a lot of time has passed since this incident occurred, however we have now exhausted all other lines of enquiry and have recently acquired these images. This is currently our last attempt to trace the items and return them to the victim, so we're hoping someone may be able to assist.

"Some of the items taken are quite distinctive. If you believe you may have seen these items or come across them for sale at any time, please contact us.

"If you have any other information about the burglary which may assist us, please come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to email heather.morris@herts.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/10068/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
