```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Warrants were executed at addresses in west Hertfordshire on Wednesday morning (August 15) as police continue to crackdown on drug supply and associated criminality across the county.
publish:
  date: 17 Aug 2018
title: Police operation to tackle drug activity
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-operation-to-tackle-drug-activity-1662c
```

* ### Four addresses were visited as part of the operation.

 * ### A quantity of cannabis was seized and one man was arrested.

 * ### Police are continuing to target those suspected of being involved in drug supply.

Warrants were executed at addresses in west Hertfordshire on Wednesday morning (August 15) as police continue to crackdown on drug supply and associated criminality across the county.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood, Intervention and Scorpion teams, supported by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit, targeted four addresses as part of the latest operation:

• Ridge Street, Watford
• Croxley View, Watford
• Toms Lane, Abbots Langley
• Farringdon Avenue, Bushey

A quantity of suspected cannabis and drug paraphernalia was seized from an address in Toms Lane.

A 19-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a Class B drug and supplying a controlled Class B drug. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Kev Ball, who led the operation, said: "This was the latest in a succession of warrants being carried out to disrupt drug supply and associated criminality across the district.

"We will continue to work with our partners to gather intelligence and take action against those suspected of being involved. If you are, it's only a matter of time until we catch up with you.

"If you suspect criminal activity in your neighbourhood, don't suffer in silence. Please report it so that we can gather the evidence and intelligence we need to take appropriate, long-term action."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Police carried out a series of warrants on Wednesday One man was arrested during the operation
