```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in the town centre which has left a 21 year old local man seriously injured.
publish:
  date: 17 Feb 2020
title: Witnesses sought to Stevenage Town Centre incident
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Witnesses-sought-to-Stevenage-Town-Centre-Incident-1423E
```

* ### Man found in Tesco car park with serious leg injury

 * ### Detectives appeal for witnesses who may have seen the 21 year victim

 * ### Officers believe he may have had an altercation with a group of young people

### Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in the town centre which has left a 21 year old local man seriously injured.

At around 7pm on Sunday 16 February, the victim was found in the Tesco carpark at The Forum bleeding from an injury to his leg. The man is currently being treated in the Lister Hospital.

Officers believe he may have travelled to the town by train from Letchworth. From Stevenage railway station it appears that he made his way across the footbridge towards Tesco and to where he was found injured in the car park. At some point he was in the company of a group of youths, possibly being chased.

Chief Inspector for Stevenage, Simon Tabert said: "We are trying to piece together the events of yesterday evening, which led to this young man being seriously injured. We have spoken to a few witnesses already, but are hoping there are others out there who might be able to help our investigation.

"We think that before he was found in the Tesco car park, the victim was involved in an altercation with a group of young people. We think the group then headed north in the direction of the Old Town.

"It is unclear at this stage when or how the victim received the injury to his leg.

"If you were in Stevenage Town Centre in any of the following areas we would like to speak to you. You may have seen something which could help us. We would also like to speak to anyone who thinks they might have dash cam footage from any of these locations."

Stevenage Station

The Gordon Craig Theatre

Tesco car park at the Forum

King George V Playing Field

Sish Lane and Popple Way

The footbridge from the station to the new town.

Anyone with any information should contact DC Jennie Wilson via email to _jennie.wilson@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/14639/20. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
