```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a charity box in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following theft of charity box
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-theft-of-charity-box-1031
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a charity box in Hatfield.

At around 8.30pm on Sunday 10 November, a man stole a charity box from Harpsfield Hall Wetherspoons in Parkhouse Court.

The man is described as white, age 25 to 30 years old, around 6ft 2in tall and of a medium build. He was wearing a grey hoody and a black puffa jacket with a fur hood. He also wore black jeans, black shoes or trainers and a white/beige baseball cap.

PC Andrew Dockerill, who is investigating, said: "The behaviour of this man was shocking and the charity box is likely to have contained a considerable sum of money because it was Remembrance Sunday.

"Were you in the pub at the time? Did you witness what happened?

"If you saw the man, or have other information about the incident, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _andrew.dockerill@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/101750/19."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
