```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of outraging public decency in Cockernhoe are appealing for anyone with information to please get in contact.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Witnesses sought following incident in Cockernhoe
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-incident-in-cockernhoe-0267e
```

* ## The incident occurred in Chalk Hill.

 * ## It was reported that a man was touching himself inappropriately at the side of the road.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses to please get in contact with police.

Officers investigating an incident of outraging public decency in Cockernhoe are appealing for anyone with information to please get in contact.

The incident occurred in Chalk Hill at around 2.30pm on Monday 15 June.

It was reported that a man was seen touching himself inappropriately at the side of the road.

The man is described as white, aged between 40 and 50 years old, with grey hair and was wearing a white shirt and blue jeans. He was driving a blue BMW (no further information on the registration number).

PC Beckie Santis said: "It is believed that a number of people were out cycling or walking in the area around the time and I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident to please contact me. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen the vehicle in the area."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/46638/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
