```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for harassing his ex-partner and causing her to live in fear of violence.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2018
title: Man jailed for harassing his ex-partner and causing her to live in fear
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-harassing-his-ex-partner-and-causing-her-to-live-in-fear-2122
```

* ### A man has been jailed for two years and eight months for harassing his ex-partner and putting her in fear of violence.

 * ### Deneaton Brown calmly told his victim that he would kill her.

 * ### He bombarded her with abusive telephone calls.

 * ### During their relationship he was controlling, abusive and violent and continued to harass her after they have split up.

A man has been jailed for harassing his ex-partner and causing her to live in fear of violence.

Deneaton Brown, aged 29 and of Waller Avenue, Luton, was controlling, abusive and violent during their relationship and after they split up he continued to harass her.

In July this year, Brown called the victim, who lives in North Herts, and calmly told her that he was going to kill her.

During the same month, he called her 14 times within two hours threatening and abusing her. She received a further 49 missed calls from Brown during that day and another 29 missed calls the following day.

Brown was later arrested and during interview denied ever threatening her. He was charged with harassment and putting his victim in fear of violence between July 14 and July 29, 2018.

PC Gary Bangs from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), said: "The victim in this case truly believed that Brown was capable of killing her.

"Early in their relationship he began checking her mobile phone and wouldn't let her see friends and family members. He would subject her to beatings - biting her, spitting at her and choking her. He even burnt her with an iron.

"After their relationship had ended in January 2017, Brown continued to try and control her."

At St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday (November 20), Brown was jailed for two years and eight months and also made subject of a restraining order not to contact the victim.

PC Bangs added: "The victim in this case has been incredibly brave throughout the investigative and court process.

"Brown's behaviour was controlling, abusive and violent and way beyond what is acceptable in a normal relationship. He subjected his victim to a sustained campaign of abuse over many years and I hope that following this significant jail sentence she now feels able to move forward with her life and will no longer live in fear."

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experience domestic abuse can contact the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline for support by calling 08 088 088 088 or visit www.hertsdomesticabusehelpline.org.
