```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with a series of indecent exposures in Ware.
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2020
title: Teen arrested in connection with indecent exposures in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teen-arrested-in-connection-with-indecent-exposures-in-ware-0398
```

* ### Detectives are investigating a series of indecent exposures in the town.

 * ### A 16-year-old boy was arrested by police yesterday.

 * ### He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with a series of indecent exposures in Ware.

The boy was arrested yesterday (Tuesday 21 July) as part of an on-going investigation by the East Herts Local Crime Unit, into the following incidents:

• March 18 - Princes Street

• March 21 - Church Street

• May 28 - Collett Road

• July 6 - Church Street

• July 17 - High Street

• July 19 - canal tow path

He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Ben Freeman, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We understand these incidents have caused a great deal of concern among the local community. I hope this reassures people that we do take these reports seriously and will do whatever we can to identify anyone who may be involved and make arrests.

"Our enquiries are actively continuing at this time and we would ask people to continue to report any suspicious activity to us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns
