```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Sawbridgeworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2018
title: Witness appeal following assault in Sawbridgeworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-sawbridgeworth-1700
```

Officers investigating an assault in Sawbridgeworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Cambridge Road, opposite the layby, between 2.30am and 3am on Monday, July 16.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was walking from Bishop's Stortford into Sawbridgeworth when a black car pulled up alongside him and the occupants asked whether he wanted a lift.

He declined and said he was happy to walk. Two men then exited the vehicle and assaulted the victim, punching him to the face and body before attempted to drag him into some bushes.

The victim managed to escape but during the struggle the offenders ripped his T-shirt off.

Without wearing a top, he ran up the road towards Sawbridgeworth while the offenders have got back into their vehicle and driven off.

PC Louise Gibson, who is investigating, said: "This was a frightening experience for the victim who thankfully was not seriously injured during the assault.

"I am appealing to anyone who may have been driving down the road at the time and noticed a vehicle parked, or saw the victim walking on the pavement?

"Any information you can provide, however insignificant it may seem, could greatly assist our investigation."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Gibson on louise.gibson@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/18402/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report
