```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses, in particular a woman who may have witnessed what happened.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2018
title: "Appeal following an assault \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-an-assault-HemelHempstead-1452D
```

Officers investigating an assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses, in particular a woman who may have witnessed what happened.

It happened in the Water Gardens car park off Combe Street at around 3pm on Saturday, December 2, 2017.

The drivers of a black Ford Focus and a white Mercedes 220 became involved in an argument before one driver assaulted the other.

The offender is described as a white man, aged in his 20s and around 5ft 3in tall. He had dark hair and was of stocky build.

Following new information coming to light, it is believed that a female passer-by asked the men to stop and said she would call the police if they did not.

Officers are keen to trace her as she may have information that could assist them with their investigation.

Was this you, your friend or a family member? Please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/17/9787, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 30-year-old man from St Albans has been arrested on suspicion of assault and released under investigation while enquiries continue.
