```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer who ran a county line drug network has been jailed for more than seven years.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2020
title: County line drug dealer jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/county-line-drug-dealer-jailed-922
```

* ### County lines drug dealer jailed for 7 years

 * ### Hamsa Jama ran a drug supply network in Stevenage

 * ### Jama was found guilty at St Albans Crown Court on 25 November

A drug dealer who ran a county lines drug network has been jailed for more than seven years.

The man was arrested during a raid in July at an address in Stevenage, following an investigation by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis and Scorpion teams into the supply of drugs in the town. The drug supply network included several 'cuckooed' addresses used for dealing drugs worth more than £2,000 a day.

Hamsa Jama, 31, of Down Close, Northolt, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Wednesday 25 November, to seven years and six months in prison for nine counts of conspiracy to supply cocaine and one year, to run concurrently, for offences under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

Detective Constable David Purvis, from the Serious Crime Investigation Unit, said: "Jama took a leading role in the drug supply operation in Stevenage, selling class A drugs to hundreds of people and exploiting homes around the town to run the business. The dismantling on this county line will go a long way to stemming the flow of drugs, which will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire."

You can report information about a crime online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact. You also call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

**Help and support for those with drug addiction:**

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00 or visiting www.talktofrank.com.

**What is County Lines?**

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.

Operation Mantis is Hertfordshire Constabulary's specialist unit that **proactively targets County Lines gangs.**

** **

**What is Cuckooing?**

Cuckooing is the term used when gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of vulnerable adults by force or coercion.

How to spot the signs that cuckooing might be happening in your neighbourhood:

 * Lots of different people coming and going from an address during the day and at night.
 * Suspicious smells coming from the property.
 * Windows covered or curtains closed all of the time.
 * Cars pulling up to or near to the house for a short period of time.
 * An increase in anti-social behaviour around the property.

Hamsa Jama
