```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary today announced that it is partnering with TSB to step up the fight against fraud and help protect Hertfordshire residents.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2019
title: Herts Police and TSB team up to fight fraud
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/herts-police-and-tsb-team-up-to-fight-fraud-0249
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary and TSB join forces to beat fraud

 * ### TSB contributes £30,000 to fraud investigations unit

 * ### Cash will help to buy more specialist equipment and fund operations

Hertfordshire Constabulary today (June 7) announced that it is partnering with TSB to step up the fight against fraud and help protect Hertfordshire residents.

Fraud is now one of the most common crimes in the UK with a total of £1.2 billion stolen by criminals last year. According to UK Finance the theft of personal and financial data through social engineering was a major contributor to fraud losses in 2018. In Hertfordshire more than 6,200 frauds were recorded over a six month period in 2018, according to Action Fraud.

To help combat this terrible crime, TSB has demonstrated its commitment to helping protect Hertfordshire residents from fraud by contributing over £30,000 to the force's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit (SFCU), which will be used to purchase specialist software and hardware to support investigations, as well as provide funding for special operations. TSB has provided similar support to other local police forces with their investigations which has resulted in a number of arrests and prosecutions.

Detective Inspector Rob Burns from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit said: "The funding TSB is providing will be used to get more of the specialist equipment my officers require to carry out these complex investigations, it will also help us to carry out even more investigations and operations to detect and track down fraudsters.

"I would like to thank TSB for the generous funding, which will help to increase our abilities to prevent and detect fraud and hunt down the criminals that target our communities."

TSB's Head of Fraud, Ashley Hart said: "TSB is absolutely committed to supporting law enforcement in their work of protecting the public from fraud. We're proud to partner with Hertfordshire Constabulary to provide vital resources to help them identify and prosecute even more fraudsters.

"We continue to combine this commitment with fraud prevention - offering customers and communities first-hand information on how to protect themselves from fraud. And we're continuing to protect customers that have fallen victim through the TSB Fraud Refund Guarantee, which means if you're an innocent victim of fraud you will be refunded."
