```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Road Policing officers conducted a proactive road safety operation in Hatfield on Monday (1 February), which resulted in several prosecution notices and the recovery of a stolen vehicle.
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2021
title: Stolen vehicle recovered following road safety operation in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stolen-vehicle-recovered-following-road-safety-operation-in-hatfield-1152b
```

* ## Road Policing officers conducted a proactive road safety operation in Hatfield on Monday.

 * ## Officers were based at the weighbridge on Comet Way between 7am and 11.30am.

 * ## In total, 14 offences were identified and dealt with during the operation.

Road Policing officers conducted a proactive road safety operation in Hatfield on Monday (1 February), which resulted in several prosecution notices and the recovery of a stolen vehicle.

Officers based themselves at the weighbridge on Comet Way between 7am and 11.30am, carrying out checks on commercial vehicles and heavy goods vehicles (HGVs).

Vehicles were also checked for driving violations and other possible offences.

In total, 14 offences were identified and dealt with during the operation.

Officers issued:

 * Four formal prohibitions
 * Eight overweight vehicle prosecution notices
 * One dangerous condition prosecution notice
 * One £300 Graduated Fixed Penalty Notice (GFPN) for Tachograph offences.

Several informal prohibitions were also issued for overweight vehicles, where drivers were able to remove weight immediately making the vehicle safe to drive.

Officers also found a vehicle that is believed to have been stolen and sold on, which was seized and reported.

Sergeant Russell Jones, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Driving an overweight vehicle not only risks your own safety, but also that of all other road users too. Overloading your vehicle is illegal for good reason; when maximum weights are exceeded, your vehicle is less stable.

"This means the amount of time it takes to react in an emergency will be compromised, which can result in fatal consequences. If you are involved in a collision and found to have an overloaded vehicle, this could make your insurance policy void.

"Unsafe and illegal vehicles will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire. This was a successful operation, with multiple unsafe vehicles removed from the roads, and robust action taken against those who were disregarding the rules.

"We carry out regular operations, both overt and covert, to target and identify road users who are not adhering to the law and/or driving dangerously. Remember, just because you can't see us - it doesn't mean we can't see you."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.
