```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Three people were arrested in Bishop\u2019s Stortford this morning (Tuesday 19 November)."
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2019
title: Three arrests in connection with Halloween disorder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrests-in-connection-with-halloween-disorder-1045
```

* ### Three people were arrested this morning.

 * ### Officers attended almost 50 incidents on the night of Halloween.

 * ### Enquiries are continuing.

Three people were arrested in Bishop's Stortford this morning (Tuesday 19 November) in connection with large scale anti-social behaviour which occurred in the town on Halloween.

Officers dealt with almost 50 incidents on the night (31 October) - predominantly in the Thorley and Havers estates - a large number of which related to teenagers throwing fireworks.

Extensive enquiries have been carried out over the past two weeks, including analysing CCTV and body worn camera footage.

Those arrested are:

• A 17-year-old boy on suspicion of affray, assault (ABH), criminal damage, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of class B drugs.

• A 18-year-old boy, on suspicion of affray, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of class B drugs.

• A 20-year-old man on suspicion of affray, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of class B drugs.

All three remain in police custody at this time.

Several other people under the age of 18 have been interviewed out of custody, for offences including possession of cannabis and possession of fireworks. They will now be referred to the Children and Young People (CYP) team to decide on the most appropriate course of action.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "We are aware how much concern this behaviour caused in the local community and have been working hard to identify those who may have been involved. This kind of behaviour is simply unacceptable and will not be tolerated.

"Our enquiries are continuing and we would ask anyone with information who hasn't yet spoken to police to please come forward."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
