```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Hitchin where a female was approached by a man in a vehicle, are asking for potential witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following assault in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-hitchin-1048g
```

Officers investigating an incident in Hitchin where a female was approached by a man in a vehicle, are asking for potential witnesses to come forward.

The incident occurred at around 3.30pm on Monday 18 November, in Bedford Road.

A 17-year-old girl was walking along the road when a vehicle pulled up next to her. The driver then beckoned her towards the car - described as an old, green Mercedes Benz saloon - and then asked if she wanted to go for a ride.

The girl refused several times and the driver then swore at her before leaving the area.

The driver is described as a white man, aged between 50 and 60, with a white moustache and white patchy hair.

PC Dave Munns, who is investigating, said: "At no point during the incident did the man attempt to touch the girl, but she has understandably been left extremely shaken by what happened.

"I fully understand this incident will cause concern in the community and I would like to reassure people that we are doing all we can to trace the vehicle and the driver as soon as possible, to establish the circumstances around what happened.

"I want to appeal to anyone who may have seen the vehicle in the area at the time, or who thinks they may know the identity of the driver, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Munns

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/104489/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
