```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four homes under renovation have been targeted by burglars in the St Albans district.
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2019
title: Homes under renovation being targeted by burglars in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/homes-under-renovation-being-targeted-by-burglars-in-st-albans-0914j
```

* ### Four homes under renovation have been targeted by burglars in the St Albans district.

 * ### Unoccupied bungalows have also been targeted.

 * ### Catalytic converters have been stolen in the St Albans district.

Four homes under renovation have been targeted by burglars in the St Albans district.

"Sometimes offenders are coming back to the same address as they know the tools will be replaced. Using scaffolding and going to properties very early in the morning, they expect to be mistaken for builders," said St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick. "If you are having building work done on your home, consider installing CCTV or doorbell cameras and leave timer lights on. I'd also encourage you to ask your neighbours to be aware of these burglaries. Always call 999 if you see people or vans out of place or acting suspiciously. We would rather be called to a false alarm with good intention than miss the opportunity to catch a burglar in the act."

She said: "Make sure you keep your valuables, including cash and jewellery, out of sight and preferably not in your home if you are not living there during building work. Where possible, try and make sure scaffolding is not accessible and encourage builders to take their tools off the premises."

_Tools were stolen from the outside of an address in Brampton Road at 6pm on Thursday 10 October. The offender(s) tried to get into the house but were unsuccessful. (41/92185/19)._

_Tools were stolen from an address in Cambridge Road between 4.30pm on Thursday 10 October and 7.30pm on Friday 11 October. The address was targeted a second time the following night between 11.15pm and 9.30am. (41/92072/19 & 41/93171/19)._

There has also been a series of burglaries targeting bungalows, often those that are unoccupied. "This is due to ease of access and burglars expect elderly residents to keep cash and jewellery at home," said DI Warwick. "Try and give your home a lived-in look and remember to securely lock all windows and doors and use timer lights. If a relative is going into hospital or a care home, regularly check on the property, including removing mail, and remove all valuables to a safe place."

_Cash and electrical items were stolen from an address in Fellowes Lane in Colney Heath between 5pm and 10.30pm on Saturday 5 October. (41/90341/19)._

_Jewellery and cash were stolen from an address in Swans Close in Colney Heath on Saturday 5 October. (41/90401/19)._

Nine catalytic converters have been stolen in the St Albans district in the last fortnight, mostly in Colney Fields and Highfield Park Drive.

DI Warwick said: "Try and park your vehicles in a garage or in a well-lit area. Please call 999 if you see people jacking up a car and removing part of the exhaust. They are blatantly doing it in broad daylight, often looking like genuine mechanics. It takes a matter of minutes. Please also let us know the vehicle registrations of any suspicious vehicles."

_Two catalytic converters were sawn off from a Toyota vehicle and a Honda Jazz which were parked in Colney Fields between 11.30am and 2pm on Saturday 12 October. (41/92404/19 & 41/93070/19)._

_Two Toyota Auris ' had their catalytic converters sawn off which were parked in Highfield Park Drive between 7pm and 8pm on Wednesday 2 October. (41/89377/19 & 41/89379/19)._
