```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Bars and clubs in towns across East Herts are being given metal detecting wands as part of a crackdown on revellers who carry weapons on nights out.
publish:
  date: 21 Sep 2018
title: Metal detecting wands issued to pubs and clubs in East Herts to help in the fight against knife crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/metal-detecting-wands-issued-to-pubs-and-clubs-in-eastherts-to-help-in-the-fight-against-knife-crime-1809A
```

* ### Metal detecting wands issued to pubs and clubs in East Herts

 * ### Funded by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC)

Bars and clubs in towns across East Herts are being given metal detecting wands as part of a crackdown on revellers who carry weapons on nights out.

The wands, which have been funded by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC), have been given to licensees in Bishop's Stortford and Hertford ahead of the weekend.

It means door staff will be able to quickly identify those who may be carrying a knife.

East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Chris Hunt said: "This is part of our on-going work, in partnership with East Herts Council and the night-time economy, to ensure everyone enjoys a safe night out.

"The wands, which are being issued free of charge thanks to OPCC funding will enable door staff to quickly identify individuals who may be carrying weapons.

"Any offenders identified by staff, who have been given specialist training by the East Herts Community Safety Partnership, will be quickly arrested by officers and dealt with robustly."

Hertfordshire Constabulary has joined police forces across the country for Op Sceptre - the national knife amnesty, which runs until Monday, September 24.

During this period knives can be surrendered anonymously at Hatfield, Stevenage and Watford police stations. The locations and opening times of these stations can be found here.

If you are worried that someone you know may be carrying a knife or are affected yourself by knife crime, there is information, help and support available here.
