```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been interviewed by police in connection with a long-running series of criminal damages to vehicles parked in a Watford street.
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2020
title: Damage to vehicles in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/damage-to-vehicles-in-watford-0582c
```

A man has been interviewed by police in connection with a long-running series of criminal damages to vehicles parked in a Watford street.

Since September 2018 police have received 12 reports of a corrosive substance being poured onto vehicles parked in Haydon Road.

PC Danny Kachouh, from the Watford Outer Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This mindless behaviour has caused a significant amount of damage to vehicles over the past two years. The victims have had to endure hefty repair costs and have experienced unnecessary distress, especially recently during these trying times throughout the COVID-19 pandemic.

"While a man has been interviewed, our enquiries are very much continuing at this time and we urge anyone with information to please come forward immediately. If you witness any suspicious activity around vehicles in the street, please dial 999 immediately."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/herts-echo and tell us your thoughts.
