```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating a burglary in Rickmansworth are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace unique clock parts which were stolen during the incident."
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2018
title: Can you help trace bespoke clock face stolen from Rickmansworth?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/can-you-help-trace-bespoke-clock-face-stolen-from-rickmansworth-1623C
```

* ### A bespoke clock face and metal weights were stolen.

 * ### The clock face has the words 'Thos. Broderick of Kirton' engraved on it.

 * ### Police are asking anyone who may have seen the stolen items to get in touch.

Police investigating a burglary in Rickmansworth are appealing for the public's help to trace unique clock parts which were stolen during the incident.

Sometime between Friday, July 20 and Monday, July 23, offenders forced entry to a property in Woodcock Hill before removing a bespoke clock face from inside a grandfather clock, along with large metal weights.

The clock face (pictured) has the words 'Thos. Broderick of Kirton' engraved in the brass circle at the top.

Detective Sergeant Rob Muir, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit said: "The clock face is highly distinctive so would be instantly recognisable to anyone who comes across it. If you believe you may have seen it, or may know of its whereabouts, please contact police.

"We would also like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area, or anything out of the ordinary, around the dates stated. Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DS Muir via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20521/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Bespoke clock face
