```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-waltham-cross-0788k
```

* ### The incident took place in Goffs Oak on Tuesday 20 August.

 * ### A vulnerable elderly woman had sentimental jewellery stolen from her home.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses.

Officers investigating a burglary in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.

The incident took place in Goffs Oak, on Tuesday 20 August. The victim, aged in her 90s, was in her front garden between 11:15am and 1.30pm. During this time the suspect(s) entered her property via the back door.

Multiple items were stolen, including the victim's handbag and jewellery. Significant damage was caused to the rear fence as a result of the burglary.

DC Richard Webster, investigating the case, said: "This is a terrible crime which has affected a vulnerable elderly woman. Some of the items stolen are of huge sentimental value to the victim, such as her engagement ring and wedding band.

"If you were in the area at that time and believe you may have seen something suspicious, or if you believe you witnessed the incident taking place, please get in touch. If you believe that you have come across any of the jewellery pictured, please contact us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/75538/19.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online
