```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information as part of an ongoing investigating into an arson in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 21 May 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following arson in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-arson-in-letchworth-0138g
```

* ## The incident occurred in Rundells during the early hours of 1 May.

 * ## Rubbish left at the rear of a property was set alight.

 * ## Two people were seen to run from the area.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information as part of an ongoing investigating into an arson in Letchworth.

The incident occurred in Rundells, at around 2.30am on Friday 1 May, when rubbish left outside the rear of a property was deliberately set alight. A neighbour raised the alarm after discovering the fire.

Detective Constable Nathalia Smith, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully no one was hurt during the incident but it could easily have been a very different story. We currently believe that this was a targeted attack.

"Our enquiries have revealed that two people were seen to flee the scene after the fire started. As part of our continuing investigation we are appealing for anyone who saw these two people, or witnessed any suspicious activity in the area, to please come forward.

"I appreciate the incident occurred in the early hours, but that may mean anyone who was in the area would have been more noticeable, especially given the lockdown measures in place. If you have any information at all, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/34374/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
