```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a burglary in Cheshunt are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2020
title: Burglary in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-in-cheshunt-1435
```

* ### The incident occurred in Fishers Close on Sunday 2 February.

 * ### The front foor was forced open using an unknown object.

 * ### The offenders were disturbed by the occupants and fled.

Police investigating a burglary in Cheshunt are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred at a property in Fishers Close, at around 2am on Sunday 2 February.

Three offenders approached the address and forced the front door open using an unknown object. One of the offenders then entered the house.

The occupants woke up and disturbed the offenders and they fled the scene on foot.

One of the suspects was wearing a hoodie and another was wearing a puffa-style jacket.

PC Aaron Golley, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully nothing was taken during the incident but the victims are understandably shaken by the intrusion into their home.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have been in the area at the time and saw three people acting suspiciously to please get in touch. I'm particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam or CCTV footage of the suspects."

Anyone with information is asked to email aaron.golley@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/9856/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
