```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Watford wish to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-watford-2266c
```

* **Between 7.30pm and 8pm on Tuesday (December 18) a teenage boy was allegedly assaulted by a man outside The Wishing Well public house.**

 * **The victim sustained swelling and bruising to his head, a gash to his chin and a nose bleed.**

 * **Any witnesses are asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/67234/18.**

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Watford wish to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident.

It is reported to have happened in St Albans Road, Watford outside the The Wishing Well public house, between 7.30pm and 8pm on Tuesday, December 18.

The victim, a teenage boy, reportedly had a verbal argument with a man in his 30s before he assaulted. The victim suffered swelling and bruising to his head, a gash to his chin and a nose bleed.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax said: "It is believed there was a lot of shouting between the involved parties, so you may have heard the two males if you were nearby.

"We would like to take this opportunity to reassure the community that those reportedly involved are known to one another, and that we are not treating this as a random attack."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Darren Lomax or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/67234/18.

As well as contacting the investigating officers directly, you can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 37-year-old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of assault occasioning actual bodily harm in connection with this incident. He has been released on bail.
