```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020
title: "Attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-bishops-stortford-1021
```

* ### The incident occurred in Sworder's Field.

 * ### A teenage boy was approached by a group of males who demanded he hand over his mobile phone.

 * ### The boy was uninjured.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred in Sworder's Field, at around 5.20pm on Monday 14 December.

The victim, a 14-year-old boy, was in the park with a friend when they were approached by a group of six unknown males.

The males engaged the boys in conversation before demanding that the victim hand over his mobile phone.

The victim became worried for his safety and ran off towards the splash park, out onto The Causeway and towards Waitrose. The group gave chase, but were unable to catch him.

The group was made up of both black and white males, who are all described as being aged between 16 and 18 years old and between 5ft 9ins and 6ft tall. They were all wearing dark coloured jackets and either black or grey jogging bottoms. Some were believed to be wearing 'man bags' across their chests and one member of the group was wearing a white, red and black Tommy Hilfiger puffer jacket.

Detective Constable Narinder Padda, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim was not injured and nothing was taken. However, the actions of the group left him worried he would be hurt.

"I would like to trace this group of males and am therefore appealing for anyone with information to please get in touch. Did you see them in the area around the time stated? Any information at all could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to please email DC Padda.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/100407/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
