```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of alleged voyeurism are appealing for information and witnesses
publish:
  date: 18 May 2018
title: Appeal following alleged incident of voyeurism
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-incident-of-voyeurism-0234C
```

* ### It is alleged that a man used his mobile phone to film under the skirt of a woman shopper in Tesco, Rickmansworth.

 * ### Officers have not yet identified the alleged victim.

 * ### Anyone who was in the store around 5.50pm on Friday, April 20 and saw anything suspicious is asked to contact police.

 * ### A man has been charged in connection with the incident.

Officers investigating an incident of alleged voyeurism are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 5.50pm on Friday, April 20 at Tesco in Harefield Road in Rickmansworth it is alleged that a man used his mobile phone to film under the skirt of a woman shopper without her knowledge.

Detective Constable Ben Heath, who is investigating, said: "Through our enquiries to date we have been unable to identify the alleged victim of this incident so I'm appealing for anyone who was in the store around the time stated and saw anything suspicious to get in touch as you may have information that could help our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Heath by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/18/1391 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Antonio Ferreira, aged 47, of Peerless Drive, Harefield, has been charged with committing an act of outraging public decency by behaving in an indecent manner at Tesco in Harefield Road, Rickmansworth, on April 20 and committing an act of outraging public decency by behaving in an indecent manner at Tesco Express in High Road, Bushey Heath, on April 25. He is due to appear at Central West Herts Magistrates Court on May 29.
