```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A comprehensive community information web page has been launched on Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s website ahead of a NATO meeting at The Grove hotel next month."
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2019
title: "New web information page launched ahead of NATO meeting \u2013 Watford and Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-web-information-page-launched-ahead-of-nato-meeting-watford-and-three-rivers-1012
```

* ### A one-stop web page has all the information the public need to know about how the upcoming NATO meeting will affect Watford and Three Rivers

 * ### Heads of state will congregate at The Grove hotel in Chandler's Cross on 4 December

 * ### FAQs, road closure maps and further information is available to the public on the dedicated webpage

A comprehensive community information web page has been launched on Hertfordshire Constabulary's website ahead of a NATO meeting at The Grove hotel next month.

Police in Watford and Three Rivers have been working closely with partners to inform the community ahead of the major event in Chandler's Cross, and everything the public needs to know can now be accessed online at www.herts.police.uk/NATO

A number of heads of state from across the world will congregate at the hotel on Wednesday 4 December.

The meeting is part of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's (NATO) 70th Anniversary London Summit and will attract worldwide media interest.

Hertfordshire Constabulary and the Metropolitan Police Service have been liaising with the hotel and partner agencies including Watford Borough Council and the Canal and River Trust, for some considerable time. They are now in a position to share details of the measures being taken to minimise the impact on the community.

Most notably there will be several road, footpath and canal closures in place for either all or part of the event's duration. Full details of these, plus further comprehensive information and answers to frequently asked questions, can be found on the dedicated web page. ** **

Safer Neighbourhood Team officers have already been visiting residents and businesses who will be inside the road closures to discuss their individual needs face to face. Due consideration has also been given to the impact of the event on several businesses and organisations outside of the road closure zone. Again, those affected will also be contacted in person to discuss this.

Emergency services will continue to have access inside the road closures at all times, and access will also be arranged for essential services such as personal carers.

The flying and use of drone equipment will also be prohibited for the duration of the event.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "Whilst it is inevitable that such a high profile event will cause some disruption, we aim to ensure that any impact on the local residents and businesses is kept to an absolute minimum and are working closely with our partners to achieve this.

"We are now in a position to share information ahead of the event in order to allow the community the time to plan accordingly and mitigate the impact it may have on their day to day lives.

"Increased traffic congestion is anticipated therefore residents and visitors are asked to consider their plans, such as finding alternative means of transport or working from home.

"I'd like to thank the community in advance for their patience, understanding and support ahead of the event. Please expect a proportionate police presence in the vicinity of the closures throughout the event in order to facilitate access for residents and essential services.

"If you have a query or an issue during the event that needs immediate attention, you will be able to speak to officers who will be stationed at two community engagement checkpoints in both Three Rivers and Watford. The exact locations of these will be shared closer to the time of the event."

Peter Taylor, directly elected Mayor of Watford, said: "The eyes of the world will be on Watford on 4 December and I am confident the town will rise to the occasion. I appreciate that there is going to be disruption, which can only be expected when you are playing host to so many of the world's leaders but I have confidence that the police will balance the need for effective security with keeping Watford and our residents on the move."

Three Rivers District Council's Chief Executive, David Hill, added: "We are delighted that the meeting is taking place in Three Rivers. It has been a great opportunity for working in partnership with other agencies to welcome the heads of state to the district."

For those who still have questions after reading the FAQs on the Constabulary's dedicated NATO web page, or do not have access to the internet, there will be a drop-in community engagement event so residents can speak to officers face to face.

This event will be at Tanners Wood Hall in School Mead, Abbots Langley, WD5 0LA between 7.30pm and 9pm on Thursday 21 November. Attendees can arrive at any point during the hour and a half and will be able to talk to police about how the plans may affect them.

Those who cannot make this event and have further questions, or any information they believe is relevant to the police operation, can email **NATO_communityqueries@herts.pnn.police.uk** **.**
