```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion operated a knife arch at Stevenage Railway Station this week.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2018
title: Knife Arch Operation in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Knife-Arch-Operation-in-Stevenage-1912MD
```

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion operated a knife arch at Stevenage Railway Station this week. This special operation is part of the ongoing work by police in Stevenage to tackle the growing issue of people outside the area, travelling into the town to commit crime. The knife arch was used to identify those people who may be carrying knives or other metal weapons.

The arch was in action on Tuesday (October 9), Wednesday (October 10) and Thursday (October 11).

Encouragingly, no knives were located, however two people were found in possession of cannabis.

A total of 68 people went through the arches on Tuesday, with 18 being stopped and searched. Two men were found to be in possession of a small amount of cannabis and were given words of advice and a warning.

The following day saw 179 people go through the arches. Four people were stopped and searched.

Yesterday, on the final day of the operation, 45 people went through the arches with four people being stopped and searched.

Commenting on the operation Chief Inspector Alicia Shaw said: "We know that people are using the rail network to access our town for the purpose of committing crime, particularly drug related crime. Some of these people may well be carrying knives and this is what we are hoping to detect with the knife arch.

"My officers will also be engaging with the regular commuter population to provide reassurance and information about our ongoing work. We are planning more operations like this to send a clear message to those that want to use our town for criminal purposes, that you are not welcome here and we will do all in our power to track you down."

If you have any information about drug crime or are concerned about anyone who may be connected to drug crime please contact us via the non-emergency number 101, or online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
