```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eleven people lost sat navs, power tools, sunglasses, cash, passports and even an electric guitar from their vehicles because they left their cars unlocked or insecure in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2018
title: "Lock it or lose it \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/lock-it-or-lose-it-stalbans-1935F
```

* ### Eleven people lost sat navs, power tools, sunglasses, cash, passports and an electric guitar from their vehicles because they left their cars unlocked or insecure in St Albans.

 * ### A man was sentenced to eight weeks imprisonment for the thefts and ordered to pay £1,000 in compensation.

 * ### **Lock your vehicle and make sure your windows are closed and remove all property or keep it out of sight**.

Eleven people lost sat navs, power tools, sunglasses, cash, passports and even an electric guitar from their vehicles because they left their cars unlocked or insecure in St Albans.

James Sullivan, aged 35, of no fixed abode was arrested and charged with 11 offences of thefts from motor vehicles in Sopwell and Cottonmill last weekend and he was wanted by Bedfordshire Police for failing to appear at court.

He appeared at Hatfield Remand Court yesterday (Tuesday October 16) and pleaded guilty to all offences. He was sentenced to eight weeks imprisonment, ordered to pay £1,000 in compensation and £150 in court fees.

St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche said: "These thefts were opportunist, targeting insecure or unlocked vehicles. The frustrating thing is that these offences were all completely preventable - **lock your vehicle and make sure your windows are closed and remove all property or keep it out of sight**. Don't be inconvenienced by having to replace your possessions.

He said: "Sullivan, like most thieves, steal from cars by trying door handles or look for a quick and easy way in, they do not smash windows or cause damage to cars as they don't want to be seen. Help us to keep your property safe and send a clear message to car thieves that they are not welcome in St Albans. If you see anyone acting suspiciously around cars, please call us on 101 - if you see a crime in progress, call 999."

The 11 thefts were in Trumpington Drive, Holyrood Crescent, Nunery Close, Pemberton Close, Prospect Road and Cottonmill Crescent as well as The Ryde in Hatfield.
