```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Burglars continue to target homes in St Albans and have recently also been targeting homes being renovated.
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2019
title: Burglars continue to target St Albans homes
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglars-continue-to-target-stalbans-homes-2502f
```

* ### Burglars continue to target homes in St Albans and have recently also been targeting homes being renovated.

 * ### The latest burglaries have been in London Colney, New House Park, The Camp, Fleetville and Marshalswick and are typically occurring between 4pm and 8pm. Gold jewellery, small electrical items and builders' tools are being stolen.

 * ### Call in any suspicious incidents on 101, keep an eye out for your neighbours' property and help protect your home by investing in CCTV cameras and video door bells.

Burglars continue to target homes in St Albans and have recently also been targeting homes being renovated.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick said: "Despite a number of significant arrests, the St Albans District continues to be a target for burglars. I understand that this is a frightening time for residents but, with your help, my team and I are committed to finding the people responsible. Obviously we cannot be on every street, 24 hours a day, but we have increased high-visibility and covert patrols and we have extra county resources to help track down these burglars."

The latest burglaries have been in London Colney, New House Park, The Camp, Fleetville and Marshalswick and are typically occurring between 4pm and 8pm. Gold jewellery, small electrical items and builders' tools are being stolen.

_Offenders gained entry to an address in Holcroft Road between 3.25am and 3.35am on Sunday January 27 via an open fan light window, used to gain entry to a larger window. Cash, cards, house and car keys were stolen but the keys were dropped in the front garden when they were disturbed by the owner and a dog._

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in North Cottages in Napsbury between 10am and 5.40pm on Saturday January 26._

_Car keys were stolen from an address in Drakes Drive which were used to steal an Audi at 6.30pm on Monday January 21. A TV was also stolen._

She said: "I'd like to ask residents again to call in any suspicious incidents, keep an eye out for your neighbours' property and help protect your home by investing in CCTV cameras and video door bells. The majority of burglaries have occurred as it is getting dark. Think about leaving lights on and using timer switches and consider leaving a radio on to make your house seem occupied. I'd like to remind residents to keep their expensive and sentimental jewellery securely in banks or hide it in an unusual place, not in a jewellery box or upstairs. Also sign up to Neighbourhood Watch* via the Online Watch Link (OWL) to receive emails about crimes in your local area or speak to your local PCSO."

**Always** **report any suspicious incidents to police on 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, always call 999.** She added: "We would rather turn up to a call with good intention than risk a burglar escaping. Please call us if you have witnessed anything that may help us solve these recent burglaries."
