```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating a burglary in Hoddesdon are making a further appeal and are releasing a CCTV image of a person they\u2019d like to speak with as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-burglary-in-hoddesdon-0011k
```

* ### A silver Mercedes S500 was stolen from a driveway in Stortford Road, Hoddesdon.

 * ### The car was later recovered in Brentwood, Essex.

 * ### Detectives from the Local Crime Unit would like to speak with the person pictured as they may hold vital information to assist their investigation.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Hoddesdon are making a further appeal and are releasing a CCTV image of a person they'd like to speak with as part of their enquiries.

The burglary happened in Stortford Road between 3am and 4.30am on Friday, February 22.

Offender(s) gained entry to the property before taking the car keys for a silver Mercedes S500 and a white BMW convertible. They then stole the Mercedes from the driveway.

The car was recovered in Brentwood, Essex, later the same day.

Detective Sergeant Adam Bridges, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing to follow every line of enquiry as we investigate the burglary and can now release a CCTV image of a person we would like to speak with.

"We believe they may be able to assist us with our investigation and would ask them to make contact with us. Equally, we'd like to hear from anyone who recognises them."

Anyone who recognises the person, or has any other information should contact DS Adam Bridges on _adam.bridges@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/17301/19. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
