```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have released CCTV images of two people they would like to speak to following a theft in Tesco in Oldings Corner, Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Tesco - Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-tesco-hatfield-0435B
```

* ### The incident happened on Saturday, June 2, at around 12.53pm.

 * ### The men pictured could have information that will help the investigation.

 * ### If you recognise them, or have information about the theft, call 101 quoting crime reference 41/3636/18.

Police have released CCTV images of two people they would like to speak to following a theft in Tesco in Oldings Corner, Hatfield.

The incident happened on Saturday, June 2, at around 12.53pm.

The victim, a 60 year old woman, was approached by a man asking her for directions. As she spoke to him, two bank cards were stolen from her handbag. The victim's bank cards have since been used.

Officers would like to speak to the men pictured as it is believed they were in the area at the time and could have information that is vital to the investigation.

Anyone who recognises them, or has any other information about the theft, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/3636/18.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV images
