```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their investigation into a series of thefts from motor vehicles and sheds.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2020
title: Do you recognise this man?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-recognise-this-man-0901
```

Police are releasing an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their investigation into a series of thefts from motor vehicles and sheds.

Officers believe the man pictured may have information about the thefts, which have occurred in both North and East Herts, including Brickendon, Little Berkhamsted, Epping Green, Kelshall and Sandon.

PC Mark Ellwood, from the North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I would urge anyone who recognises this man or has any information they think may assist our investigation to please get in touch by emailing mark.ellwood@herts.pnn.police.uk.

"Now that we have reached the winter months, I'd also encourage residents to reassess the security of their sheds and outbuildings, as well as following our simple vehicle crime prevention advice. You can find this information on our website."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/84082/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
