```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a photo of a car stolen during a burglary in Hunsdon in a bid to trace it.
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2019
title: Have you seen this car?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-car-2345a
```

* ### On Wednesday, January 2, offender(s) gained access to a property in High Street and took the keys for a blue Volkswagen Golf.

 * ### The car was stolen along with wrapped up Christmas presents and other items including jewellery and clothes.

 * ### If you've seen the car, or have information, call 101 quoting crime reference 41/613/19.

Officers have released a photo of a car stolen during a burglary in Hunsdon in a bid to trace it.

Between 6.15am and 6pm on Wednesday, January 2, offender(s) gained access to a property in High Street and took the keys for a blue Volkswagen Golf. The car was stolen along with wrapped up Christmas presents and the following items:

 * A blue quilted men's Barbour coat
 * An olive coloured quilted women's Barbour coat
 * A grey Canada Goose coat
 * Gold and diamond rings
 * A signet ring with a black Roman design and green tiger eye
 * Earrings
 * A gold bracelet with a name engraved on it
 * A gold chain necklace
 * Gold cufflinks
 * A men's Sekonda watch
 * A men's Omega watch (silver with a black leather strap)
 * Commemorative Charles and Diana coins

Detective Constable Dieter Sweeting, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who has seen this car to get in touch. If you believe you've been offered it for sale, or any of the other stolen items, please get in contact.

"Similarly, I would like to hear from anyone who might have witnessed the burglary or suspicious activity in the area around the time of the offence. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital for the investigation and ensuring that the car and the stolen items are returned to their rightful owner.

"If you can help, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or by emailing quoting crime reference 41/613/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

Stolen car
