```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A retired bank manager who stole \xA318,000 from a maintenance fund from the Harpenden Residents\u2019 Association was jailed for 14 months at St Albans Crown Court."
publish:
  date: 23 May 2019
title: Retired bank manager sentenced for fraud in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/retired-bank-manager-sentenced-for-fraud-in-harpenden-0264f
```

* ### A retired bank manager who stole £18,000 has been jailed.

 * ### A Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) order was also put in place.

 * ### The judge said he showed no remorse.

A retired bank manager who stole £18,000 from a maintenance fund from the Harpenden Residents' Association was jailed for 14 months at St Albans Crown Court.

Judge Philip Grey sentenced 72-year-old Arthur Murray of Northchurch near Berkhamsted, on Friday (May 17). He said: "As a former bank employee you were trusted with other people's money, but you treated it as your own. There wasn't one victim, but it was sustained theft and you have shown no remorse whatsoever."

A Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) order was also put in place.

He pleaded guilty to the fraud offences spanning an 18 month period from December 2015 to January 2017 at St Albans Magistrates Court. The court heard how he stole from the Cedars Maintenance account - which is a residential complex including 30 flats and nine houses in The Cedars, off Milton Road.

Detective Constable Paul Edmondson from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, who gained specialist financial support from the Eastern Regional Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) said: "Murray had huge debts and saw this as an easy opportunity to steal money. He put himself forward as managing the maintenance fund with his previous experience as a bank manager. We are pleased he received a custodial sentence and we hope under the POCA order, we can compensate the victims for the loss of their money."
