```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a purse in Watford have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following the theft of a purse \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-the-theft-of-a-purse-watford-2661
```

* ### Do you recognise these people? We would like to speak to them as part of our enquiries into the theft of a purse in Watford

 * ### It happened between midday and 1pm on Friday, January 25

 * ### If you know the people pictured, please contact police quoting 41/8165/19

Officers investigating the theft of a purse in Watford have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Watford between midday and 1pm on Friday, January 25.

The victim, a woman in her 80s, was in town with her husband. As part of their shopping trip, the pair went into HSBC and used the automated machines to pay in a cheque.

They needed some assistance, so a man using the machine next to them offered to help.

The couple thanked him and left, going to Marks and Spencer's for lunch in the cafe before doing some shopping.

When they went to pay for their goods, the victim realised her purse had been stolen.

She and her husband went straight to the bank to cancel their debit cards however, £150 had already been withdrawn from their accounts.

PC Adam Bates, who is investigating, said: "The offender(s) in this crime have targeted a vulnerable person and in this case, have not only stolen money but also a sentimental photograph that is irreplaceable.

"I am doing all I can to trace the person(s) responsible for this theft and am therefore hoping to trace the two people pictured. I believe they may have been in the area at the time of the theft and may have information that could progress our investigation."

If you know who they are, contact PC Bates on _adam.bates@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/8165/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: https://www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
