```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A prolific shoplifter who targeted a chemist in Hemel Hempstead has been given a 30-week jail sentence.
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2020
title: "Prolific shoplifter jailed for more than six months \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prolific-shoplifter-jailed-for-more-than-six-months-hemel-hempstead-1033
```

* ### Richard Moore, 28, pleaded guilty to seven counts of theft from a shop after stealing alcohol from Asda and toiletries from Boots

 * ### His Hemel Hempstead crime spree spanned from Monday 30 November to Thursday 17 December before he was identified, arrested and charged

 * ### He has been sentenced to 30 weeks imprisonment after appearing at Hatfield Magistrates' Court

A prolific shoplifter who targeted a chemist in Hemel Hempstead has been given a 30-week jail sentence.

Richard Moore, aged 28, of no fixed address, was sentenced at Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Monday 21 December after pleading guilty to seven charges of theft from a shop.

The court heard how Moore stole several beauty gift sets - some of which were worth £80 each - from Boots on the Marlowes on a number of occasions between Thursday 10 December and Thursday 17 December.

He had also previously stolen several bottles of alcohol, worth in excess of £200, from Asda on Hillfield Road, on Monday 30 November.

He was identified using images from the Boots' CCTV system and later arrested by officers on Saturday 19 December, before being charged and remanded ahead of his court appearance.

Assistant Investigator Jayne Davidson, from the Case Investigation Team, said: "Moore is well known to local officers and showed brazen disregard for the law when he repeatedly stole from a local business.

"We are pleased that he has received a custodial sentence on this occasion so he has been taken off the streets and further crime sprees have been prevented."

Moore has been ordered by the court to pay total compensation of £350 to both Boots and Asda.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
