```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an altercation in Welwyn.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2021
title: Witness appeal following assaults in Welwyn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assaults-in-welwyn-1203B
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following two assaults in Welwyn on Friday (12 February).

 * ### This incident occurred around midday on Roundabout Lane.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/10572/21 or 41/10570/21 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an altercation in Welwyn.

At just after midday on Friday (12 February) a man and woman were punched by another man near a wooded area on Roundabout Lane.

The woman suffered a cut lip and the man sustained a bruised jaw.

The offender was described as a white man, aged around 30, 6ft tall, with a ginger beard. He was wearing a blue jacket, jeans and a blue beanie hat.

PC Richard Tomlinson, who is investigating, said: "I'd like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of this incident and saw anything which was suspicious or that could assist our enquiries.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at richard.tomlinson@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/10572/21** or **41/10570/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
