```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing CCTV images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a number of thefts and attempted thefts from motor vehicles in Baldock.
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2018
title: CCTV appeal following thefts from motor vehicles in Baldock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-from-motor-vehicles-in-Baldock
```

* ### Police have released CCTV images of two people they'd like to speak to as part of enquiries following thefts and attempted thefts from motor vehicles in Baldock.

 * ### Vehicles have been tampered with in Norton Road, Norton Crescent and Brewery Lane.

 * ### Anyone who recognises the people pictured is asked to contact police.

Police are releasing CCTV images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a number of thefts and attempted thefts from motor vehicles in Baldock.

The following offences, which are all being linked, occurred overnight on July 1 (to July 2).

 * **Norton Road:** Coins and the vehicle's registration document were stolen.
 * **Norton Crescent:** A total of six vehicles were broken into. Tools, a dash cam, sunglasses and money were stolen from five of the vehicles. The sixth vehicle was searched but nothing was taken.
 * **Brewery Lane:** Two vehicles were broken into. A sat nav was taken from one of the vehicles and nothing was taken from the other vehicle.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."

"Anyone who recognises them or has information that could help our on-going enquiries is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/13275/18, or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

PCSO Sara Masella said: "We're keen to identify the people pictured as we believe they may have information that can help us with our enquiries.
