```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two alleged incidents of road rage in Ware are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following alleged incidents of road rage - Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-incidents-of-road-rage-ware-0402A
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information - in particular dash cam footage - and wit.nesses of two alleged road rage incidents in Ware

 * ### They happened in the vicinity of the High Street just after 12.40pm on Friday, June 15.

 * ### If you have any information that could assist the investigation, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/8054/18.

Officers investigating two alleged incidents of road rage in Ware are appealing for information and witnesses.

It was reported to police that at around 12.40pm on Friday, June 15, there was a dispute between the drivers of a black Vauxhall Astra and a yellow Citroen in High Street near to the Saracens Head pub.

The driver of the Vauxhall Astra reported that her hair was pulled by a female linked to the driver of the yellow Citroen. Both parties then got back into their vehicles and drove along the High Street.

It is then alleged that a white Mercedes blocked the Citroen at the traffic lights adjacent to NatWest. The male driver of the Mercedes has then reportedly got out of the vehicle and punched a woman passenger in the Citroen several times. The victim - a woman aged in her 30s - suffered a broken nose and two black eyes.

PC Caroline Niwaz, who is investigating, said: "I believe that there were several people in the area at the time of these alleged incidents who will be able to provide us with more information about what happened.

"I would like to speak to anyone who saw what happened or believes they have dash cam footage of the alleged incidents."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Niwaz by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/8054/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 36 year old man has been arrested in connection with these incidents and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
