```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eight people were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences as a result of police operations in Watford this week.
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2018
title: Eight people arrested following police operations in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Eight-people-arrested-following-police-operations-in-Watford-1489C
```

* ### Warrants were carried out at two properties in Flanders Court.

 * ### A third address was also searched following suspicious activity.

 * ### A quantity of suspected Class A drugs has been seized.

 * ### Eight people in total were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

Eight people were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences as a result of police operations in Watford this week.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operational Support Group carried out warrants at two addresses in Flanders Court, St Albans Road, on Wednesday (January 17), under section 23 of the misuse of drugs act 1971.

A quantity of suspected class A drugs were found within one of the properties. Four people were subsequently arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

They are:

 * A 33-year-old man of no fixed address.
 * A 33-year-old woman of no fixed address.
 * A 21-year-old man from Luton.
 * A 39-year-old woman from Watford.

All four have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

During a separate incident on Wednesday, officers attempted to stop a vehicle on the A41 North Western Avenue after it allegedly committed a road traffic offence. The vehicle made off from police and was stopped in St Albans Road a short time later. A quantity of suspected class A drugs was found.

A 32-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop for police and possession with intent to supply. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

On Tuesday evening, officers on patrol witnessed suspicious activity at an address in Monmouth Road, Watford. Three people were subsequently arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply after a quantity of suspected class A drugs was discovered.

Those arrested are:

 * A 16-year-old boy from Watford.
 * A 20-year-old man from Shepherds Bush.
 * A 21-year-old man from Hammersmith.

All three have been released under investigation.Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Mason said: "These arrests show that we will not tolerate drug crime in Watford. We will continue to proactively seek out those involved and bring them to justice. Drugs are a blight on the community and the criminality associated with them can often have devastating consequences. "If you are involved in drugs, it's only a matter of time until we catch up with you. We would also urge the public to continue to report any suspicious activity to us so we can take appropriate action."If you suspect drug activity in your neighbourhood please report it to police on the non-emergency number 101.

** **
