```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s Mini Police scheme has now launched in Dacorum."
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2018
title: Mini Police scheme launches in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-scheme-launches-in-dacorum-1863D
```

* ### Mini Police is an interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11.

 * The scheme is currently being rolled out across Hertfordshire.

 * ### It launched at Maple Grove Primary School in Hemel Hempstead this week.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Mini Police scheme has now launched in Dacorum.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at a school in Harpenden back in April. Following its success, it is now being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

Dacorum's first scheme launched at Maple Grove Primary School in Grovehill on Tuesday (October 2).

PCSO Daniel McManus, one of the local officers delivering the programme, said: "The children were really enthusiastic about making a difference in the community and getting to know their local policing team better. In the coming weeks we will be looking at topics such as anti-social behaviour, staying safe online and road safety.

"During the first session the children agreed on a community project that affects them and has some meaning to their school directly and we will be helping them to deliver this in the coming weeks."

The Mini Police scheme will be rolling out at nominated schools across the county over the coming weeks, with sessions being delivered by police cadets, volunteers and Safer Neighbourhood Team officers.

Any Dacorum primary schools interested in taking part can email.

Mini police
