```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) have taken on responsibility for key local areas in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2018
title: Letchworth PCSOs are keen to support their communities
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Letchworth-PCSOs-are-keen-to-support-their-communities-0008G
```

* ### The PCSOs are part of Letchworth's Safer Neighbourhood Team.

 * ### They work within the community to improve the quality of life for residents and to make areas even safer.

 * ### The PCSOs are responsible for the Jackmans and Lordship estates, and the industrial area of Letchworth.

Two Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) have taken on responsibility for key local areas in Letchworth.

Natasha Angwin and Laura Bird are part of the Safer Neighbourhood Team, which consists of PCSOs and PCs working within the community to improve the quality of life for residents and make the area safer by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB). The PCSOs joined the team after completing a six week training course.

Prior to joining the Constabulary, PCSO Laura Bird was a fitness instructor and a personal trainer. She has responsibility for the Jackmans and Lordship estates in Letchworth.

Laura said: "I like the diverse challenges that supporting policing in the Jackmans and Lordship estates presents. It's good to be a uniformed presence in an area to provide reassurance and to demonstrate to the public that we are here for them should they need us.

"I'm getting to know the people in the local area well and have so far found them to be friendly, resilient people who deserve a pleasant, safe area to live. I also want to encourage the few young people who can become involved in anti-social behaviour to engage with the police more and combat any issues they have early on."

Prior to joining the force PCSO Natasha Angwin was a personal assistant for a trauma and orthopaedic surgeon. She has responsibility for the industrial area of Letchworth and the surrounding residential locations.

Natasha said: "I wanted to join the police to have the chance to help people and to support the local community. I like that every day is different and I am kept very busy. I also really enjoy working with the local people who live in the areas I look after and supporting them with any issues they have. I hope that my regular presence in the area helps local people to feel safer."

**Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Alan Clarke said:** "Natasha and Laura are great members of the Safer Neighbourhood Team in Letchworth. The team does a great deal of positive work in the community, especially in identifying people who may be vulnerable to crime and finding solutions to help them. Laura and Natasha will be out on their beats on proactive patrols, so they have a big role to play in being a visible deterrent to criminals."

You can contact Laura and Natasha direct via email Natasha.Angwin@herts.pnn.police.uk and Laura.Bird@herts.pnn.police.uk or phone the non-emergency number 101 and ask for them. You can also speak to them on their airwaves radio if they are on duty. Dial 01707 354192 and say the name of the officer you wish to speak to. Always dial **999** in an emergency.

Letchworth PCSOs are keen to support their communities
