```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Make sure charity boxes are secure and beware of anyone acting suspiciously around them. Police are issuing this warning because a number of collection boxes for various charities were stolen last year across Hertsmere.
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2018
title: Help us keep charity box donations safe in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-us-keep-charity-box-donations-safe-in-hertsmere-1897J
```

* ### Make sure charity boxes are secure and beware of anyone acting suspiciously around them.

 * ### A number of collection boxes for various charities were stolen last year across Hertsmere.

 * ### Secure the charity box by its security cord to a static fixture, such as the till. If you have CCTV, place the charity box in a location where it can be seen on the CCTV.

Make sure charity boxes are secure and beware of anyone acting suspiciously around them. Police are issuing this warning because a number of collection boxes for various charities were stolen last year across Hertsmere.

PC Shazia Malik said: "Please help us protect people's donations by keeping an eye out for anyone acting suspiciously around charity boxes and if you are displaying a charity box, make sure it is secure, and preferably covered by CCTV."

Hertfordshire Constabulary advises:

 * Secure the charity box by its security cord to a static fixture, such as the till.
 * If you have CCTV, place the charity box in a location where it can be seen on the CCTV.
 * Display the charity box in a location that is not out of sight. Place it in heavy staff presence, such as the till point.
 * Be aware of members of the public looking out of place and loitering around the charity box.
 * In the event that a charity box is stolen please report the theft as soon as possible to the police either by calling 101 (non-emergency) or 999, if the theft has just taken place.
 * Be aware, of people trying to distract you by either overly talking to you or dropping items such as change - these actions have been successfully used to create a diversion and have caused staff to look away from the charity box on display.
