```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 17 year old boy from East Herts has been charged and sentenced following his arrest for possession with intent to supply Nitrous Oxide.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: Teenager Prosecuted Following Nitrous Oxide Offence
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-prosecuted-following-nitrous-oxide-offence-1263
```

* ### Teenager prosecuted for nitrous oxide offence.

 * ### Police trace offender through dis-guarded packaging.

 * ### First prosecution for this offence in East Herts.

A 17 year old boy from East Herts has been charged and sentenced following his arrest for possession with intent to supply Nitrous Oxide.

This is the first prosecution for this offence in East Herts.

The boy who lives in Standon, was arrested on June 23, after police attended a rural location in the town, following complaints of nuisance behaviour. Upon police arrival the group of young people fled the area, however officers were able to trace the offender through packaging left at the scene and he was subsequently arrested.

The boy attended Stevenage Youth Court on Thursday November 30, where he pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply nitrous oxide.

He was given a referral order for six months and made to pay costs totally £115\. All of his remaining canisters will be destroyed.

Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald said: "We are delighted with the result. Nitrous Oxide is covered by the Psychoactive Substances Act and it is illegal to import or supply it for its psychoactive effect. I hope this sends a clear message that dealing this kind of substance is illegal and you will be prosecuted if caught."
