```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s a sad fact, but as the nights draw in, burglars take advantage of unlit homes to carry out their offending."
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2019
title: Keep your jewellery safe in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keep-your-jewellery-safe-in-hertsmere-0913j
```

* ## Burglaries have increased in Potters Bar, Borehamwood and Bushey.

 * ## Police have increased high-visibility and covert police patrols.

 * ## You can help by double locking PVCu doors, use timer switches on lights, consider investing in alarms, CCTV or doorbell cams and report any suspicious behaviour.

It's a sad fact, but as the nights draw in, burglars take advantage of unlit homes to carry out their offending.

"We are prepared for burglars to strike once the clocks go back, but this year we have already seen an increase in burglaries in Potters Bar, Borehamwood and Bushey," explained Hertsmere Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth. "Offenders will target items of value. The most common item being stolen is jewellery. I would therefore encourage owners to photograph any valuable items and keep the jewellery in a safe and secure place that is not obvious. Keys should also always be kept in a safe and secure location, out of sight and away from windows or letterboxes."

Twenty homes have been targeted during the first two weeks of this month. This includes ten in Potters Bar, six in Borehamwood, three in Bushey and one in Radlett with all the offence occurring at night or overnight and most of them were between Friday and Sunday.

Of the 20 homes targeted, seven were unsuccessful attempts to gain entry.

He said: "Each offence has a dedicated detective investigating it and providing relevant support and advice to the victims. We have increased high-visibility and covert police patrols and received extra support from other specialist departments across the Force to address this rise in burglary. We believe this recent increase is being committed by people outside of Hertsmere. If you see anyone acting suspiciously or vehicles out of place, please let us know. We'd rather be called to a false alarm than miss an opportunity to catch a burglar in the act."

He said: "We put a lot of resources in to preventing and detecting every burglary that happens in Hertsmere. We have robust plans in place to prevent burglaries and we know who some of our burglars are, so we keep an extra eye on them, to stop them re-offending. Obviously we cannot be on every street 24 hours a day so I'd like to remind residents to make sure they **lock their windows and doors, including double locking PVCu doors, use timer switches on lights, consider investing in alarms, CCTV or doorbell cams, report any suspicious behaviour and join theOnline Watch Line**. Make sure you don't make it easy for an opportunist burglar to steal your possessions."

DI Macbeth added: "Please report a burglary online or call 101. Please do not report crime on social media. We need to be made aware straight away so we have the best chance of catching the offenders and preventing further offences."
