```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for help from the public to trace a valuable electric bike that was stolen from Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2020
title: Appeal to trace electric bike stolen from Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-electric-bike-stolen-from-borehamwood-0476
```

### Electric bike was stolen from Aberford Park, Borehamwood

### Incident occurred on Tuesday, 4 August 2020 between 3.30pm and 4.15pm

### If you have any information, please call 101 or report it online, quoting crime reference 41/61699/20

Officers are appealing for help from the public to trace a valuable electric bike that was stolen from Borehamwood.

The bike was being stored in a metal lock up in Aberford Park, Borehamwood and went missing between 3.30pm and 4.15pm on Tuesday 4 August.

The bike was locked to the stand with a U lock. The owner of the bike returned to find it had been stolen and the lock appeared to have been cut or broken in half before being discarded on the floor.

PCSO Hamackova said: "We are asking for anyone who may have seen this incident occur or who may know the location of the bike to please contact us.

"The bike is a light grey colour, with orange, black and dark grey highlights and has the word "Carrera" written on the side of it. It also has an identification number engraved on the frame, which is aa612o1288.

"We are eager to hear from anyone who may have seen this incident occur or knows the location of the bike or who may have recently purchased a bike matching this description in a private sale.

"Please get in touch if you think you have any information that may be useful to us so that we can rightfully return it to the owner.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number, 101, or report it online, quoting crime reference 41/61699/20."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
