```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "With overall responsibility for running the Hertsmere policing teams is the new Chief Inspector Clare Smith. She took up the post earlier this month from Chief Inspector Steve O\u2019Keeffe, who is now working as a Detective Chief Inspector of Partnerships and Policies."
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Meet new Hertsmere Chief Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-new-hertsmere-chief-inspector-2455j
```

* ### With overall responsibility for running the Hertsmere policing teams is the new Chief Inspector Clare Smith.

 * ### She wants to make sure her officers are visible and accessible to the public and she is encouraging residents to use crime prevention advice, report suspicious activity and join schemes like Neighbourhood Watch.

 * ### Follow her on Twitter @HertsmereChief

With overall responsibility for running the Hertsmere policing teams is the new **Chief Inspector Clare Smith**. She took up the post earlier this month from Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe, who is now working as a Detective Chief Inspector of Partnerships and Policies.

She said: "I wanted to come back to the Local Policing Command and work in a Community Safety Partnership, as it's the heart of the organisation, and my first choice was Hertsmere. I was attracted to the diverse communities - the combination of urban and rural areas and being so near to London and motorways - and the positive relationship with our partner agencies, including the council, to deal with crime and issues affecting residents' quality of life.

"My role is to reduce crime, catch criminals and keep people safe. My priority has been to immerse myself into understanding the challenges facing my officers and staff. I've fortunately inherited a fantastic team who are working hard to achieve these aims. I can feel the energy from the teams and recognise they are the experts. They clearly want to do their best and it's my role to bring fresh ideas and support and enable them be the very best they can be."

She continued: "I want to make sure my officers remain visible and accessible to the public. I'd like residents to support the work of my officers to keep themselves and their property safe by **using crime prevention advice, reporting suspicious activity and joining schemes like Neighbourhood Watch (NHW)**.* I'd especially encourage residents in Shenley, Potters Bar, Cowley Hill and Aldenham to sign up to receive emails about crimes in their local area as we need to increase NHW numbers in these areas. I'd also like to remind residents to make sure they **securely lock their vehicles and remove all belongings when they park**. Many of our thefts from motor vehicle crimes could be easily prevented."

CI Smith's previous role was leading the Workforce Development team where she was heavily involved in recruitment and making sure the right people with the right skills were in the right place across the Constabulary. She has worked on a number of development programmes including mentoring schemes, worked with _Police Now_ graduate students and handled the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme (ADCP) and introduced the Mini Police across the county, including schools in Hertsmere.

She said: "My focus will be on community engagement, based on my previous roles, as we need to work closely with our communities to find out what the issues are and respond to any information about who may be causing these problems. We have a great team of young people and volunteers already working with us including the Mini Police and cadets and for young adults, Specials."

During her 23 years in the Force, having joined aged 22, she has had a number of specialist roles, mostly as a detective but also in a neighbourhood role and Intervention (responding to 999 calls). She was initially stationed in Watford as a PC before being promoted several times to become a Detective Chief Inspector. She spent three years as a DCI helping to protect domestic abuse victims. She was also a Neighbourhood Inspector in Dacorum. She also worked as a Staff Officer for the Chief Constable where she had to brief him on issues affecting the Constabulary, including performance and staffing, as well as topics under his national portfolio.

She said: "As a DI covering Watford, I worked closely with the Bushey detectives as crime cut across both areas and it's nice to know a few familiar faces."

CI Smith is an accredited Firearms commander and chair of the Herts Police Women's Network. She is married, aged 45, has two step-children and is 'Nanny Clare' to her seven-year-old grandson. She is a Watford season ticket holder and loves watching comedians, live bands and going to the theatre as well as travelling and climbing mountains.

CI Smith has a new Twitter account **@HertsmereChief**

To keep up-to-date with police news directly from officers, join the **Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership** page on Facebook and follow the teams on Twitter

@ **BorehamwoodPolice** @ **BusheyPolice** @ **PottersPolice** @ **hertspolice**

* If you would like to receive emails about crime in your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) or speak to your local PCSO.

Chief Inspector Clare Smith
