```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men were sentenced to a total of 32 years in prison after being sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday, November 30.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: Two men sentenced to a total of 32 years for aggravated burglary - Hitchin-
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-men-sentenced-to-a-total-of-32-years-for-aggravated-burglary-Hitchin-1254G
```

### * Two men are sentenced to a total of 32 years in prison.

### * The victim was sprayed with an acidic substance.

### * Following a weeklong trial the men were found guilty.

Two men were sentenced to a total of 32 years in prison after being sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday, November 30.

Following a weeklong trial, the men - 19-year-old Aaron Boyce, from no fixed abode in Hertford and 26-year-old Dwane Matterson, from Curzon Avenue, Enfield - were sentenced to 15 years and 17 years respectively for their part in an aggravated burglary which took place in Roundwood Close, Hitchin on May 6, 2017.

The men were found guilty on October 31 at St Albans Crown Court.

At approximately 2.30am on May 6, Boyce, Matterson and two other men forced their way into an address on Roundwood Close. Once inside they were confronted by the victim and he was sprayed in the face with an acidic substance causing burns to his back, neck and head.

After quick investigations by North Herts Local Crime Unit, Boyce, Matterson and the two other men were arrested later the same day. Boyce and Matterson were charged and the two other men were later released with no further action taken against them.

Detective Inspector Michael Keane, who leads North Herts Local Crime Unit said: "This was a random attack and thankfully incidents of this nature are not common in the local area.

"This was a terrifying ordeal for the victim to go through. He was left with burns after the attack which have thankfully healed well, but the whole ordeal caused the victim a great deal of distress and pain.

"We are really pleased with the outcome of this sentencing and feel that it suitably reflects the severity of the crime and I hope the significant time in prison gives both Boyce and Matterson time to think about the consequences of their actions."

Aaron Boyce Dwane Matterson
