```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a spate of thefts from motor vehicles in Rabley Heath and Codicote.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal following thefts from vehicles in Rabley Heath and Codicote
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-thefts-from-vehicles-in-rabley-heath-and-codicote-0924be
```

* ### Witnesses and information are being sought after a spate of thefts from vehicles in Rabley Heath and Codicote.

 * ### It have been reported that 12 incidents took place over the weekend of 21/22 November.

 * ### Call 101 if you can help with the investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a spate of thefts from motor vehicles in Rabley Heath and Codicote.

Overnight on Saturday 21 November into Sunday 22 November, 12 incidents have been reported in which offender(s) have entered, mainly, unlocked vehicles and stolen items from within. The vehicles were parked on both private driveways and the street.

The thefts in Codicote took place on Mayflower Close, Valley Road, St Albans Road and the High Street.

In a related burglary on the same night in Rabley Heath a green mountain bike was stolen.

Sergeant Alan Clarke, of the Hitchin Urban & Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I would appeal for anyone who witnessed anything suspicious overnight on Saturday night into Sunday morning to contact me with any information they may have.

"Likewise, if you have CCTV footage which shows anything out of the ordinary please come forward.

"We are also encouraging residents to ensure they have locked their vehicles whenever they are unoccupied and to avoid leaving valuables in vehicles.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at alan.clarke@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
