```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are trying to trace a person who is believed to have helped the driver of a car which overturned on the A414 Eastbound on 19th December and are appealing for witnesses to the incident to come forward.
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2017
title: Appeal to trace member of the public following a collision on the A414
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-member-of-the-public-following-a-collision-on-the-A414-2061
```

* **Collision on the A414**
 * **Appeal to trace member of the public who stoppe to help**
 * **One person arrested**

Officers are trying to trace a person who is believed to have helped the driver of a car which overturned on the A414 Eastbound on 19th December and are appealing for witnesses to the incident to come forward.

The collision occurred at around 12.40am when a silver 08 plate Vauxhall Astra overturned between the A1000 junction and the Essendon roundabout.

Officers attended and a 36 year old man was arrested on suspicion of drink driving. He was taken to hospital where he remains at this time.

PC Stephen Carter is investigating and said: "I would like to trace the person who is believed to have helped the man from the vehicle. If this was you, please contact me.

"I am also keen to hear from anyone who was travelling in the area in the early hours of 19th December and who may have seen the Astra or anything which could assist the investigation to also please make contact."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email Email PC Stephen Carter, call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at Crimestoppers. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
