```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Young people, parents and professionals in Hertfordshire are being invited to an online event about the reality of gangs and knives.
publish:
  date: 20 Jan 2021
title: Young people invited to online Lives Not Knives event
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/young-people-invited-to-online-lives-not-knives-event-1104
```

* ### Young people invited to online gangs and knives event

 * ### The event is on Tuesday 26 January from 6pm

 * ### For details visit: www.eventbrite.co.uk

Young people, parents and professionals in Hertfordshire are being invited to an online event about the reality of gangs and knives.

The Lives Not Knives event, hosted by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Gangs and Schools Team, will be broadcast on Instagram on Tuesday 26 January, between 6pm and 7.30pm. The online event will feature inspirational guest speakers, who will share their own experiences violent crime.

The guest speakers will be Alison Cope and Dan Gaze, who will talk first-hand about the devastating consequence that violence has had on their lives. Officers from the Gangs and Schools Team will also be talking about the role that they perform within Hertfordshire.

The event is being live streamed on the @HertsPolice Instagram channel and you can also register for the event here - www.eventbrite.co.uk.

Sergeant Helen Croughton from the Gangs and Schools team said: "Our online events have been very successful and it has been a great way to interact directly with young people and those that live and work with them. The feedback from those who joined us has been very positive. It's one thing for a parent or even a police officer to speak about how dangerous some situations can be, but to hear it from those who have experienced violent crime and suffered from it is compelling.

"Unfortunately anyone can find themselves in the kind of situation that puts them or their family and friends at risk. This event is a great opportunity to learn from the experiences of others about how to avoid making the wrong choices and encourage young people to make positive change.

"I would like to thank the speakers who are taking part and sharing their stories."

Anyone who is concerned about gang or knife crime can call the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101. Young people who need help and advice about these issues can visit: www.herts.police.uk/cyp.
