```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has supported a national week of action to help reduce metal theft.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Tackling metal theft across Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tackling-metal-theft-across-hertfordshire-0794
```

* ### The constabulary supported a national week of action.

 * ### Scrap metal dealers were visited and vehicle stops were conducted.

 * ### Officers also promoted the constabulary's Operation Feline scheme.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has supported a national week of action to help reduce metal theft.

The operation, coordinated by British Transport Police, ran from Monday 12 October and focused on prevention, education and enforcement.

Throughout the week, officers from safer neighbourhood teams across the county, with support from the Rural Operational Support Team (ROST), carried out a number of proactive operations and visited local scrap metal dealers to provide advice.

Officers also used it as an opportunity to further promote and build on the work undertaken as part of Operation Feline - an initiative launched in response to a sharp rise in catalytic converter thefts.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Clawson said: "Over the past year we have seen a big rise in thieves targeting catalytic converters. This week of action gave us an opportunity to further promote the work we have been doing to target this under Operation Feline, while also ensuring that scrap metal merchants across the county were complying with regulations.

"As part of the Op Feline campaign, certain garages across the county are offering a free security marking service and I'd urge residents to take up this offer. Details of the garages involved can be found on the Herts police website.

"We would also urge the public to follow our crime prevention advice, remain vigilant and report incidents of suspected catalytic converter theft, particularly where people are trying to get under cars in public car parks or on public roads. If you see this happening, please call 999 immediately."

Here is a brief summary of some of the action carried out across the county:

**Broxbourne**
Site visits were conducted at scrap metal merchants in the borough. One premises was found to be in breach of the exemptions permitting it to be used without a full Environment Agency permit. They were also found to have exceeded the total permitted weigh limit for scrap on the site. Enquiries are continuing. A second site was found to be unlicensed. Advice was issued and work is ongoing around the matter.

**East Herts**
A multi-agency ANPR operation was carried out on the A1184, near Sawbridgeworth, which saw a number of vehicles stopped and checked.
One vehicle was seized for having no insurance and was also found to be operating without a waste carriers' licence. This will be followed up by the relevant authority. A second driver was reported for driving with no insurance and otherwise than in accordance with a licence. The vehicle was seized.
Another operator stopped was also unable to provide a waste carriers' license. This is being followed up by the local authority.

**Dacorum**
Compliance checks were carried out at two scrap metal dealers, in partnership with the local authority.

**St Albans**
More than 300 registered keepers of the most commonly targeted vehicles - Toyota Prius, Toyota Auris and Honda Jazz - were written to, to make them aware of Operation Feline and to give crime prevention advice. Scrap metal dealers were also written to, to highlight the issue of catalytic converter theft.

**Stevenage**
Compliance checks were carried out at scrap metal dealers, in partnership with the local authority.

**Three Rivers**
Compliance checks conducted at three scrap yards, to ensure they are adhering to their licences and requirements to operate.

**Tri-force operation**
The week culminated with a day of enforcement, in partnership with Essex Police, Cambridgeshire Constabulary and a number of partnership agencies. The aim was to target travelling criminality on the M11 and A505, on the borders of Cambridgeshire, Essex and Hertfordshire.
Throughout the day:

• 38 vehicles including trailers, caravans and construction machinery were stopped and examined
• 42 drivers prosecuted for speeding
• One reported for driving without a licence
• 65 drivers reported for no tax
• Two drivers reported for no MOT
• Three drivers reported for no licence and their vehicles seized
• One vehicle and one trailer recovered for serious roadworthiness defects
• One stolen car seized
• Three people arrested, two for theft of fuel and one for being wanted on warrant

ROST Sergeant Ryan Hemmings added: "The ROST has recently expanded in numbers, enabling us to be more actively involved in gathering intelligence and enforcement, whilst also strengthening our relationships with stakeholders. Supporting local teams across the county as part of scrap metal week gave us an opportunity to put these powers into action."

If you have any information about the theft of metal or associated crime, please report it to police.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
