```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a theft from a motor vehicle in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2019
title: "Theft from motor vehicle in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/theft-from-motor-vehicle-in-bishops-stortford-md2346
```

Officers investigating a theft from a motor vehicle in Bishop's Stortford are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

Between 2.40pm and 3pm on Tuesday, January 1, a silver Vauxhall Corsa was broken into while it was parked in the Sainsbury's car park in the Thorley Neighbourhood Centre.

The victim, a woman in her 70s, returned from her shopping and loaded her shopping in the boot of the car, leaving it unlocked with her handbag in the boot while she returned her trolley.

When she returned to the car, there was a man standing at the back of the vehicle who said, "I think someone has gone into the back of you."

After seeing there was no damage, she left and returned home only to find her purse had been stolen from her handbag.

After phoning her bank, they confirmed that money had been taken out of one of her accounts.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as he may be able to provide information about the crime and assist the investigation.

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PCSO Lucy Minns on _lucy.minns@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/61613/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
