```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police were called at around 5.05pm on Monday 18 November to report of an incident in Queensway, Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal following incident in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-incident-in-hemel-hempstead-1051
```

* ### A 12-year-old girl was approached by an unknown man

 * ### The incident happened on Monday 18 November in Queensway, Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information

Police were called at around 5.05pm on Monday 18 November to report of an incident in Queensway, Hemel Hempstead.

It was reported that a 12-year-old girl was walking near the bridge, and was approached by an unknown man who attempted to grab her arm. She managed to get away and run home, where she immediately told her family before they reported it to police. She was not physically injured. The man did not speak to her.

The man has been described as being a white man in his early 40s, roughly 5ft 7in tall, and was wearing grey jogging bottoms, a grey hoodie and a green coat.

Sergeant Paul Conway, of the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Understandably, this incident was very distressing for the victim and she did the right thing by getting herself to a place of safety.

"We know that news of this will undoubtedly cause concern in the community, but I would like to take this opportunity to reassure residents that we are following extensive enquiries to locate the suspect in order to determine what his intentions were.

"We have also increased high-visibility patrols in response to this report so please do not be alarmed if you see an increased policing presence in the area. If you have any concerns, please approach an officer and they will be able to advise you.

"I would like to take this opportunity to encourage parents and carers to discuss personal safety with their children and ensure they know that it is appropriate to dial 999 if they believe they are being followed by a stranger."

If you witnessed the incident, saw a person matching the description in the area at the time or have any further information, you can report it by calling the non-emergency number 101, report information online or via online webchat quoting crime reference 41/104262/19.
