```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an attempted robbery in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses, in particular the occupants of a black Range Rover.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2018
title: "Appeal following attempted robbery \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-robbery-Watford-1718C
```

* ### A 14-year-old boy was the victim of an attempted robbery in an alleyway off Shepherds Road, Watford.

 * ### It happened around 5.20pm on Wednesday, February 28.

 * ### Officers would like to trace the occupants of a black Range Rover who intervened and assisted the victim.

Officers investigating an attempted robbery in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses, in particular the occupants of a black Range Rover.

It happened in the alleyway leading to Cassiobury Park from Shepherds Road at around 5.20pm on Wednesday, February 28.

Three teenage boys approached the victim, a 14-year-old boy, before physically assaulting him and demanding he hand over his belongings.

During the incident, a black Range Rover stopped and its occupants helped intervene. The offenders made off empty-handed and the Good Samaritans continued to help the victim, ensuring he was reunited with his family safely.

Detective Constable Jon Holmes, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim has not suffered any lasting injuries following his ordeal but it has left him understandably upset. My colleagues and I are doing everything we can to trace the offenders involved.

"We need to trace the occupants of the Range Rover as soon as possible because they may have vital information that could progress our investigation. Was this you? Or perhaps a friend or family member told you about their good deed? If so, please encourage them to get in touch with us as soon as they can.

"Lastly, we are keen to gather any dash cam footage of the incident so if you were the occupants of the Range Rover and you have that facility in your vehicle, please save any footage from that date and make contact with us as soon as possible."

If you were the Good Samaritans, you witnessed what happened or you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please emai DC Holmes, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number C1/18/1184.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
