```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Potters Bar are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following theft of traffic light batteries in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-of-traffic-light-batteries-in-PottersBar-1467J
```

* ### Twelve batteries from temporary traffic lights were stolen in Potters Bar.

 * ### The offender(s) would have needed a vehicle to remove the large batteries from Cranborne Road.

 * ### Anyone with information about the theft or details of when the lights stopped working is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a theft in Potters Bar are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 5pm on Wednesday, January 10 and 8am the following day, offender(s) approached temporary traffic lights in Cranborne Road and removed the batteries from the lights. In total, 12 batteries were taken.

PC Paul Francis, who is investigating, said: "The batteries are large and it would have taken the offender(s) some time to load them onto a vehicle.

"I'm appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area between the times stated or noticed that the lights were not working to get in touch as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Francis by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J3/18/62 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
