```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers who run Dacorum\u2019s Mini Police programme are calling on young artists to design a new logo for the scheme during lockdown."
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021
title: "Could you design a new logo for Dacorum\u2019s Mini Police?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/could-you-design-a-new-logo-for-dacorums-mini-police
```

* ### The Dacorum Mini Police team are looking for a budding artist to design a new logo

 * ### The competition is open to all primary-aged school children and runs until Friday 19 February

 * ### The winning logo will best represent the borough and will be used on future posts on the Dacorum Police social media channels

Officers who run Dacorum's Mini Police programme are calling on young artists to design a new logo for the scheme during lockdown.

Prior to the pandemic, officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Teams regularly delivered the programme to Year 5 children in primary schools across the borough.

The eight-week scheme gives youngsters the opportunity to learn about community safety in a fun way, as they explore topics such as bullying, anti-social behaviour and internet safety.

With schools currently closed, the team have come up with the logo competition as a way to keep in touch with young people during lockdown.

PCSO Daniel McManus, who runs the Mini Police programme, said: "As we entered the new year in lockdown, it unfortunately means we won't be able to visit any schools in person for a while.

"Recently, we were presented with an award by the Constabulary for our outstanding contribution to the community so we thought it would be an excellent opportunity to get children thinking.

"We are looking for budding artists to design a colourful new logo for our scheme which embodies all the good things about Dacorum.

"The winning design will be displayed on future social media posts about Mini Police on the Dacorum Police Facebook and Twitter pages.

"The competition is open to primary-aged school children, and the closing date is Friday 19 February, to coincide with the end of the half term break. We look forward to seeing all your entries!"

Please either scan or take a high-resolution photo of your child's entry and email it to DacorumMiniPolice@herts.pnn.police.uk. To the right is the current Mini Police logo.

You can find out more about the Constabulary's Mini Police programme on the dedicated web page.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
