```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been charged in connection with the death of a woman in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 25 Aug 2019
title: "Woman charged with murder and aggravated burglary \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-charged-with-murder-and-aggravated-burglary-welwyn-garden-city-0673
```

* ### A woman has been charged in connection with the death of a woman in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### Debby Foxwell, aged 40, of Fordwich Road, Welwyn Garden City, has been charged with murder and aggravated burglary.

 * ### An investigation was launched after a woman was found with fatal head injuries following a disturbance at an address in Fordwich Road

A woman has been charged in connection with the death of a woman in Welwyn Garden City.

Debby Foxwell, aged 40, of Fordwich Road, Welwyn Garden City, has been charged with murder and aggravated burglary this evening (Sunday 25 August).

She has been remanded into custody and is due to appear before Hatfield Remand Court on Tuesday 27 August.

An investigation was launched by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit (BCH MCU) after police were called to a disturbance at an address in Fordwich Road just before 8pm yesterday (Saturday 24 August).

A woman, aged in her 60s, was found collapsed outside a nearby address in the road having suffered serious head injuries.

Paramedics attended and administered medical treatment but the woman sadly passed away a short while later.

A 36 year old man from Welwyn Garden City was previously arrested on suspicion of murder yesterday evening in connection with the incident but has since been released with no further action.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, from the BCH MCU, is leading the investigation.

He said: "Our thoughts are very much with the victim's family and friends at what is a very upsetting time for them and we ask that their privacy is respected.

"I understand that news of this incident will be unsettling to the wider community but I would like to confirm that we are treating it as an isolated offence and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with the victim's death.

"I also ask residents to refrain from speculating about the circumstances on social media, as this will not only cause distress to the victim's family but could also impact the investigation and associated justice process.

"Lastly, I would like to thank those people who have already assisted us with our enquiries but if you believe you have information that could assist our investigation and have not yet spoken with us, then please get in touch as soon as possible."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **Operation Paragone**._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

The Constabulary has proactively referred this incident to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) for review.
