```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Determined Elstree PCSO John Hainsworth secured his 1,600th sign-up address to the Online Watch Link (OWL) messaging system this week and amongst his latest members include the High Commissioner in the UK for Equatorial Guinea, Her Excellency Maria Jesus Diallo Besari.
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2019
title: Ninety per cent of Elstree residents receive crime messages
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ninety-per-cent-of-elstree-residents-receive-crime-messages-0507j
```

* ### A determined PCSO has signed up his 1,600th Elstree resident to the Online Watch Link (OWL) www.owl.co.uk/herts

 * ### John is now on a mission to get 100 per cent of Elstree signed up by the end of the year!

 * ### People who sign up don't need to do anything other than read the messages, act on any crime prevention advice and be neighbourly.

Determined Elstree PCSO John Hainsworth secured his 1,600th sign-up address to the Online Watch Link (OWL) messaging system this week and amongst his latest members include the High Commissioner in the UK for Equatorial Guinea, Her Excellency Maria Jesus Diallo Besari.

John now has 90 per cent coverage and is on a mission to get 100 per cent of Elstree signed up by the end of the year!

When John started working in Elstree Ward in April 2018, there were only 670 addresses signed up to OWL __

He said: "I have spent hours walking the streets in Elstree, meeting new people and more importantly, helping to reduce crime. OWL is the best tool in preventing burglaries from happening in the first place - and it is just so simple!"

John explained: "In the policing priority survey I carried last summer using the OWL messaging system, residents rated dwelling burglaries and car thefts as the types of crime they were most concerned about. Crucially, since OWL membership increased, burglaries and car thefts have significantly decreased. This is no coincidence."

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: "John is a real asset to Elstree and everyone knows him. His community focus is making that positive difference. It's not rocket science, we can reach large sections of the community at the click of a button using OWL - and help prevent crime. People who are signed up to OWL seem to have a more community focussed mind-set which helps us to better support and police those communities."

Between 4 September 2018 and 28 December 2018 there was a run of 115 consecutive days without a dwelling burglary in Elstree.

People who sign up don't need to do anything other than read the messages, act on any crime prevention advice and be neighbourly.

OWL is a free online messaging service which sends Neighbourhood Watch members email, voicemail and SMS alerts about crimes in their area along with the latest crime prevention advice.

The messaging system has been updated to send voice messages to members who do not have email - they receive a message automatically that is played with a human voice, replacing the outdated robot voice.

Community Safety Manager Julie Lloyd said: "This gives a much better service to our members who do not use email and is especially useful for our older and more vulnerable residents."
