```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five men were arrested after a number of drugs warrants were carried out across Watford yesterday (Wednesday, April 18).
publish:
  date: 19 Apr 2018
title: Five arrested following drugs raids in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/five-arrested-following-drugs-raids-in-Watford-0087C
```

* ### The warrants were carried out at several addresses across the town.

 * ### Class A and B drugs and a quantity of cash was seized during the operation.

 * ### Anyone with information about drug supply in their area is asked to contact police.

Five men were arrested after a number of drugs warrants were carried out across Watford yesterday (Wednesday, April 18).

The warrants were executed at addresses in Whitwell Road, Fuller Road, St Albans Road, Muriel Avenue and Durban Road West.

Officers seized a quantity of both Class A and Class B drugs during the raid, as well as a quantity of cash.

The following people, all from Watford, were arrested and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue:

 * A 40-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of criminal property.
 * A 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.
 * A 26-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug.

Additionally:

 * Raheem Khan, aged 37, from Muriel Avenue, Watford, was charged with being concerned in supplying a controlled drug, conspiracy to supply class A drugs (heroin) and conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine).
 * Christopher Debono, aged 30, from Whitwell Road, Watford, has been charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs (heroin), possession of a controlled drug (heroin) and conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine).

Both are due to appear before Magistrate's court today (April 19).

The operation, which involved resources from across the county, was led by officers from the local Watford Scorpion team.

Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "This is an excellent result and a great example of how we can work together to crack down on drug activity in Watford. We are committed to tackling those who bring drugs into our community and are keen to hear from anyone with intelligence around this type of crime in the town. We take every report seriously and will always deal robustly with those we catch."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this or any other area in Hertfordshire please call 101 or report online.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
