```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 2 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following criminal damage to tractor in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-to-tractor-in-borehamwood-0177
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after an incident of criminal damage in Elstree Hill South.

 * ### A tractor was damaged, requiring over £500 worth of repairs.

 * ### Please get in touch if you have any information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Borehamwood.

Between Sunday 17 May and Monday 18 May, damage was caused to a tractor in Elstree Hill South.

It was reported that engine oil had been put in the diesel tank of the tractor, and that the exhaust had been clogged with soil.

PC Darren Arbuthnott, who is investigating, said: "A significant amount of damage was caused to the tractor, with it requiring over £500 worth of repairs. If you live in the area and believe you may have witnessed the incident, or have any information about it, please do get in touch as soon as you can.

"It was reported that a large number of youths had been seen near the premises at around 5pm on Sunday 17 May. If you recall seeing a large group of children in the area please let me know, as they may have information which could assist with our enquiries. Any information, even something that may seem relatively minor, could be key to the investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Arbuthnott directly via email at darren.arbuthnott@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/38804/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
