```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 21 Jul 2020
title: Appeal for information following a robbery in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-a-robbery-in-rickmansworth-0375c
```

* ## Detectives are investigating a robbery in The Clump in Rickmansworth on Saturday 11 July.

 * ## The victim, a man in his 50s, went to load tools into his van when he was attacked.

 * ## If you saw what happened please contact police quoting 41/45293/20.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in The Clump at 11.45am on Saturday 11 July.

The victim, a man in his 50s, went to load tools into his van when he noticed the driver's door was slightly open, and the wingmirror pushed in.

He then noticed two men loitering around the van and when the victim asked them what they were doing, one of the men punched him in the face.

The victim ran away but was chased by the suspects, one of which assaulted him with a metal grease gun that they then stole.

The offenders got into a metallic blue pick-up, which was possibly a Ford Ranger or Isuzu, and drove off.

The first suspect is described as white and of large build with short, light-brown hair. He was wearing a blue tracksuit top.

The second suspect is described as white and of slim to medium build with black hair. He was wearing a blue polo shirt.

The victim suffered a fractured cheek bone and grazing to his back as a result of the incident.

Detective Constable Vanessa Gottmann, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a nasty attack and has resulted in the victim requiring an operation. I'd like to reassure him that we are doing all we can to identify the people responsible and as part of our enquiries, we are appealing for information.

"The victim believes there may have been some people nearby who witnessed the assault. Did you see what happened? I would be very keen to speak to you so please do the right thing and get in touch.

"Did you see any suspicious activity in The Clump on Saturday? Do you recall seeing a pickup matching the description in the area? Any information you have, even if you think it may be insignificant, could prove extremely helpful to our investigation so please get in touch."

You can email DC Gottman, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/45293/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
