```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hare coursing, fly-tipping and the impact of new housing on rural communities and their infrastructure were among the issues discussed at the latest Barn Meet in East Herts.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2019
title: Police meet with rural community in East Herts for latest Barn Meet
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-meet-with-rural-community-in-east-herts-for-latest-barn-meet-1087a
```

* ## The event took place in Stanstead Abbotts.

 * ## A number of rural issues were discussed, including hare coursing and the impact of new housing.

 * ## Sgt Duncan Wallace was presented with a commendation for his services to rural policing.

Hare coursing, fly-tipping and the impact of new housing on rural communities and their infrastructure were among the issues discussed at the latest Barn Meet in East Herts.

Residents, farmers and landowners met with local and senior officers at the event, which was held at Halfway House in Stanstead Abbotts on Friday (22 November).

Representatives from parish, district and county councils, the National Farmers' Union and the Country Land and Business Association were also in attendance.

"Our rural communities are very important to us and we understand that they have specific policing needs," said local Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace.

"Barn Meets always prove very popular, as they give us an opportunity to speak to people living and working in our rural areas, about issues of particular concern to their environment and community, whilst also providing a forum to reassure them on the work we are doing with partner agencies to help tackle those issues and rural crime in general.

"Concerns raised include fly-tipping and hare coursing and these are issues we are focusing on as our part of our current neighbourhood priorities, which we set in consultation with representatives of the rural community."

During the event, Chief Constable Charlie Hall also presented Sergeant Wallace with a Chief Constable's commendation for his services to rural policing.

Chief Constable Hall said: "I was very pleased to present this commendation to Sergeant Wallace. His service to the rural community of East Herts has been absolutely outstanding and I wish him all the best for his upcoming and thoroughly well-deserved retirement."

If you have any information about crimes affecting rural communities you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

You can tell us what matters most to you about rural policing via our new feedback service, visit echo. **

**
