```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged incident of affray on the Meriden estate in Watford.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following an alleged incident of affray in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-an-alleged-incident-of-affray-in-Watford-2269
```

* ### Police are appealing for information following an alleged incident of affray in Watford

 * ### It is reported to have occurred at around 1pm on December 15 and involved two groups known to each other

 * ### No-one was hurt

 * ### Officers attended and arrested seven people

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged incident of affray on the Meriden estate in Watford.

At around 1pm on Saturday, December 15, two groups of people believed to be known to each other were reportedly involved in a physical altercation in The Gossamers where weapons were allegedly seen.

Officers attended, quickly contained the incident and arrested six men and one woman on suspicion of a public order offence (violent disorder).

They are:

 * A 29 year old man from Watford
 * A 23 year old man from Rickmansworth
 * A 25 year old man from Watford
 * A 32 year old man from Watford
 * A 50 year old man from Watford
 * A 20 year old man of no fixed address
 * A 24 year old woman from Watford

They have all been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Constable David Herring, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully no-one was harmed and this was an isolated incident involving people believed to be known to each other. A Ford Focus belonging to one of the group also allegedly had its window smashed during the incident.

"At no point were members of the wider community caught up in the violence.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area around the time and saw what happened to get in touch as you may have information that can help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Herring by emailing _david.herring@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/66240/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
