```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Safer Neighbourhood Teams in North Herts are continuing to engage with local communities as we enter another week of lock down.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2020
title: Stay in touch with your local officers with echo
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stay-in-touch-with-your-local-officers-with-echo-0034g
```

* ## Local residents in North Herts encouraged to keep in touch with their local officers via echo.

 * ## The feedback platform allows residents to easily share their thoughts, opinions and feedback about policing in their local area.

 * ## Local officers are still out and about within their communities even though face to face events with local residents have been temporarily suspended.

The Safer Neighbourhood Teams in North Herts are continuing to engage with local communities as we enter another week of lock down.

Officers are still providing a visible presence in their local areas, but with face to face engagement events, such as neighbourhood surgeries and street meets remaining postponed, they are keeping a close eye on their echo feedback system, as more people use the new platform to share their views about what's happening in their local area.

Chief Inspector for North Herts, Sally Phillips said: "We are still here for you. My teams are continuing their patrols, responding to incidents, problem-solving with communities and looking out for the vulnerable and keeping people safe; as well as ensuring that the government's advice around social distancing and emergency legislation is being adhered to.

"Echo is one of the ways we are bridging the gap between the force and the community and is an excellent platform for residents to easily share their thoughts, opinions and feedback about policing in their local area.

"It allows them to have your say and express what matters most to them via text messages or online, and they can do this anytime they want and in their own words.

"The feedback is analysed and used to shape neighbourhood policing plans and set local policing priorities. Whilst we are currently in lockdown it also provides a means to stay in touch with our communities while our face to face events are temporarily suspended.

"There's no sign up and no personal information needed, simply fill in your thoughts and press submit. You can do it online or by texting the word 'echo' and your thoughts to 66099.

"We're keen to hear about what our communities think we should be focusing on, as well as telling us about any experience they've had with our officers or staff.

The more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to the public we serve, where services are working well for them or where we need to improve.

For further information please visit.

When providing your feedback, please be as specific as possible about issues that matter most to you, echo is anonymous: we will use your feedback, along with our community stakeholders, to set local policing priorities.

Please don't use echo to report a crime. To do that, contact the Force Communications Room via online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately.
