```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents in Stevenage are being urged to review their home security following two burglaries where door keys were left on display.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2017
title: "Don\u2019t make your home a target for burglars"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/don\u2019t-make-your-home-a-target-for-burglars-1236E"
```

* ### Homes in Stevenage targeted by burglars

 * ### Keys left in doors aid entry

 * ### Police issue crime prevention advice

Residents in Stevenage are being urged to review their home security following two burglaries where door keys were left on display.

Between 9.30am and 7pm on Wednesday November 29, thieves broke into a property in Durham Road. After smashing a hole in a kitchen window, they were able to open the back door as the key had been left in the lock. Once inside the property they made an untidy search and stole jewellery.

On the same day a house in Old Bourne Way was broken into in the same way. This time offenders smashed a hole in the patio doors and were able to open the doors as the keys were in the lock. Cash, jewellery and a watch was stolen.

Investigating Officer PC Andy Wise said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who saw anything suspicious in these areas on Wednesday. At this stage we believe the two burglaries are linked.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to remind people not to leave keys in doors or on display. This makes your property vulnerable and an easy target for burglars. By following a few simple steps you can easily make your home more secure."

 * **Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked and keys out of sight.**
 * **Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV. **
 * **Keep all keys and valuables secure and out of sight.**
 * **Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.**
 * **Join Hertfordshire 's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: www.owl.co.uk **
 * **Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.**
 * **Visit www.owlprotect.uk for discounts on security products.**

Anyone with information about the burglaries is asked to contact PC Andy Wise via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference number E1/17/ 9781, or use the online reporting form.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
