```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in St Albans have recovered a number of items suspected of being stolen and would like to reunite them with their owners.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2018
title: Do you recognise suspected stolen items?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-recognise-suspected-stolen-items1621F
```

* ### Police have recovered a number of items suspected of being stolen and are trying to trace their owners.

 * ### Do you recognise any of these goods? Please call 101 quoting crime reference F3/18/311.

 * ### Officers have offered crime prevention advice and urged motorists to keep their vehicles secure.

Police in St Albans have recovered a number of items suspected of being stolen and would like to reunite them with their owners.

Officers were called to Wynches Farm Drive on the evening of Thursday, February 8 after members of the public reported that a man was acting suspiciously and trying car door handles in the street.

The following items were recovered:

 * A fishing knife
 * A pair of sunglasses
 * A charger lead
 * A USB cable

Investigator Stuart Murray said: "We would like to reunite these goods with their rightful owners so if you believe any of these items belong to you, please call us on 101.

"If you believe your vehicle has been interfered with, or you are missing any property from your vehicle, please report it to us on 101."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove tools from your van when left overnight if removal of tools is not possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.

 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.

If you advertise your vehicle for sale online, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity
