```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers have released CCTV images of two women they would like to speak to in connection with two thefts from Boots in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2018
title: "Appeal following two thefts in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-two-thefts-in-Bishop\u2019s-Stortford-1776MD"
```

* ### Police would like to speak to two women in connection with two thefts in Bishop's Stortford

 * ### Cosmetic items were taken from Boots in Potter Street on Tuesday, March 6

 * ### The women may have information that could help officers

 * ### Anyone who recognises them or has any other information should contact PCSO Adam Pemberton on 101 or adam.pemberton@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers have released CCTV images of two women they would like to speak to in connection with two thefts from Boots in Bishop's Stortford.

The offence occurred on Tuesday, March 6 between 11.50am and 11.57am.

During this time, cosmetic items were taken from the shop on Potter Street.

One offender took skin care products, fake tan and further cosmetic products (crime reference A2/18/395) and at the same time another offender took sun cream, fake tan and skin care products (crime reference A2/18/396).

The two crimes are being linked.

Officers would like to speak to the women pictured as they may have witnessed what happened or may have information which could assist the investigation.

Anyone who recognises them, or has any other information about the theft, is asked to contact PCSO Adam Pemberton via the non-emergency number 101 or on adam.pemberton@herts.pnn.police.uk , quoting the relevant crime reference. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
