```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a spate of car thefts in Brookmans Park.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following spate of car thefts in Brookmans Park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-spate-of-car-thefts-in-brookmans-park-1279
```

* ### Three keyless vehicles were stolen between Tuesday (2 March) and Wednesday (3 March)

 * ### Officers are also investigating an incident of vehicle interference

 * ### If you can help, call 101 or email the Safer Neighbourhood Team at SNTWelwynHatfieldSouth@Herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a spate of car thefts in Brookmans Park.

Three keyless vehicles were stolen between Tuesday (2 March) and Wednesday (3 March):

 * Between 10.45pm on Tuesday (2 March) and 9am on Wednesday (3 March), a grey BMW 640i SE Turbo was stolen from Great North Road - crime reference 41/15462/21
 * Between 7pm on Tuesday (2 March) and 10am on Wednesday (3 March), a white Mercedes GLC was stolen from Mymms Drive - crime reference 41/15474/21
 * Between 9.40am and 10.10am on Wednesday (3 March), a blue BMW 535i was stolen from Woodlands - crime reference 41/15475/21

Officers are also investigating an incident of vehicle interference:

 * At around 3.50am on Wednesday (3 March), two white males attempted to gain access to a BMW in Calder Avenue

PCSO Lynn Fedarb, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Firstly, I would like to reassure the local community that we are doing everything we can to find those responsible for these crimes.

"I would like to hear from anyone who thinks they saw what happened or anyone who has information that might help our enquiries. Have you seen these vehicles? Perhaps you have been offered them for sale? Any information you have could be vital so please get in touch.

"If you were driving in the area and have a dashcam fitted to your vehicle, please check it and let us know if you spot something that might help our investigation.

"You can get in touch by calling the non-emergency number or email the Safer Neighbourhood Team at SNTWelwynHatfieldSouth@Herts.pnn.police.uk quoting the relevant crime reference number.

"Finally, I'd like to remind residents of the steps they can take to help protect their vehicles from theft. If your vehicle has an alarm or immobiliser, ensure these are enabled. For additional security, consider purchasing a steering wheel lock. If your vehicle doesn't have a tracker, consider getting one fitted. Fit a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection.

"An increasing number of vehicles are now keyless and I'd like to remind motorists to get into the habit of storing your fob as far away from your vehicle as possible when at home. Placing keyless fobs in a metal box or faraday pouch will make your vehicle even safer."

You can read more crime prevention tips on our website.

You can also report information online (opens in a new window), speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/15386/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in a new window).
