```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A drug driver has been sentenced to two years and eight months in prison following a fatal collision in Aldenham.
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2020
title: Drug driver jailed following fatal collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-driver-jailed-following-fatal-collision-0856
```

* ### Stephen Allitt, age 44 and of Hillfield Lane, Aldenham, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday 5 November

 * ### He was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison and disqualified from driving for four years and four months

 * ### Nicholas Keeler died at the scene of the collision in Radlett Road in February 2018

A drug driver has been sentenced to two years and eight months in prison following a fatal collision in Aldenham.

Stephen Allitt, age 44 and of Hillfield Lane, Aldenham, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday 5 November. He has also been disqualified from driving for four years and four months.

In the early hours of Sunday 11 February 2018, Nicholas Keeler - age 44 and from Kings Langley - was struck from behind by a vehicle as he cycled along the B462 Radlett Road.

The vehicle fled from the scene and police enquiries quickly uncovered a damaged black Mitsubishi L200 a short distance away.

The owner - Allitt - was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He was taken to custody where he provided a positive drugs test.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services Nicholas sadly passed away at the scene. Nicholas, who had been travelling along his usual route back home from work, was wearing a high visibility jacket and his bike lights were all on. The police investigation concluded that he would have been clearly visible.

The investigation also found that Allitt was travelling between 51mph and 60mph despite the road's 50mph speed limit. The drug tests found cocaine in Allitt's system and they also indicated that he had used or been exposed to cannabis at some point before the sample was taken. Upon police questioning, Allitt admitted to having cocaine in his system but claimed that it did not affect him.

Sergeant James Thorne, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "The findings of our investigation concluded that the level of drugs within Allitt's system may have caused impaired reactions such that he failed to detect Nicholas cycling ahead and therefore did not react to his presence.

"Allitt's sentence should serve as a reminder to those who think it is acceptable to use drugs and drive. Of course, it will not make up for the loss of Nicholas but I hope it goes towards providing his family with some closure."
