```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to 16 months in prison for grievous bodily harm against his former partner in Letchworth Garden City.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2018
title: "Man sentenced for grievous bodily harm \u2013 Letchworth Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-gbh-letchworth-garden-city-1817
```

* ### A man who kicked his former partner in the head so violently that she fell unconscious has been jailed for 16 months

 * ### Roshaan Malcolm, aged 24, of no fixed address, was convicted of grievous bodily harm in Letchworth Garden City

 * ### The attack left the victim covered in blood and with numerous injuries

A man has been sentenced to 16 months in prison for grievous bodily harm against his former partner in Letchworth Garden City.

Roshaan Malcolm, aged 24, of no fixed address, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Friday (September 21) after pleading guilty to Section 20 Grievous Bodily Harm. He was cleared of a previous kidnap charge.

The court heard how Malcolm and the victim had booked into the Mercure Letchworth Hall hotel on Letchworth Lane on Friday, February 9, 2018.

After Malcolm fell asleep in the room, the victim decided to leave. However the defendant woke up, followed her into the hotel bar and kicked her in the face, rendering her unconscious and covered in blood.

Doctors later discovered the attack had left her with a burst ear drum, swelling to her face and scalp, bruising to her face and body, a cut lip and a suspected broken nose.

PC Sam Joyce, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), said: "Malcolm's victim was so frightened of him that she tried to leave the hotel in the early hours of the morning.

"This angered Malcolm and he lashed out, beating her and causing her numerous injuries. However his first thought was to run, instead of seek medical attention for the victim.

"This was not the first time that the victim had suffered at the hands of Malcolm's temper and I want to commend her bravery in reporting it to us so that we could bring her attacker to justice. I hope today's sentencing brings her some comfort and she is able to now move on with her life."

Malcolm was also handed a restraining order banning him from contacting the victim or visiting her address.

If you think you are in an abusive relationship, you can visit www.hertssunflower.org for further help and advice. To speak to someone, you can call the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline on 08 088 088 088, which is open weekdays from 9am to 9pm and weekends from 9am to 4pm.

If you feel your life is in danger, always dial 999.

Roshaan Malcolm
