```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 22 year old man from Stevenage has been charged following an incident outside McDonalds at the Leisure Park on May 3, which resulted in two men being hospitalised.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2019
title: Man charged following Leisure Park incident
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-leisure-park-incident-0244e
```

* ### Stevenage man charged following incident at Leisure Park.

 * ### Detectives appeal for any more witnesses or victims to come forward.

 * ### Two men hospitalised, three police officers assaulted and a police car damaged.

A 22 year old man from Stevenage has been charged following an incident outside McDonalds at the Leisure Park on May 3, which resulted in two men being hospitalised.

Harry Stanley of no fixed address, was arrested at the scene and charged with two offences of GBH, three assaults on police officers and one offence of criminal damage to a police car. He has been remanded into custody to await trial.

Detectives from the local crime unit are keen to hear from anyone else who may have been assaulted on that night or who witnessed the incident, but has yet to speak to police.

Detective Constable Dave Anstey said: "We have spoken to some people who were on the Leisure Park at the time of the incident, but after viewing CCTV we believe there may well be others that we need to speak to including potentially other victims. If this was you please contact me as soon as possible.

Anyone with any information should contact DC Dave Anstey via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/15294/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
