```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Dacorum stopped nearly one hundred drivers during a proactive traffic operation targeting suspect drink driving, drug driving and other criminals using the borough\u2019s road network."
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: "Police stop nearly 100 vehicles during proactive traffic operation \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-stop-nearly-100-vehicles-during-proactive-traffic-operation-hemel-hempstead-0990
```

* ### 100 drivers stopped over the course of two nights during proactive traffic operation in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Part of countywide campaign to tackle drink driving and drug driving on the lead up to Christmas

 * ### Several arrests were made with drugs and cash seized from a number of vehicles

Police in Dacorum stopped nearly one hundred drivers during a proactive traffic operation targeting suspect drink driving, drug driving and other criminals using the borough's road network.

Officers from the Intervention and Response team ran the night-time operation on both Friday 11 and Saturday 12 December, to support the anti-drink driving campaign led by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit which was launched earlier this month.

The two days of action are just some of several scheduled across the county in the lead up to Christmas, and on Friday night officers stopped 45 vehicles on both Station Road and Two Waters Road. Of these, 14 drivers were breathalysed.

One woman was arrested after failing to provide a specimen of breath at the roadside, and a man was arrested on suspicion of drink driving after the sample he provided was reportedly over the prescribed legal limit.

In addition, officers searched a vehicle and its driver under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. The driver was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs after a large amount of drugs and cash was found. He was further arrested on suspicion of drug driving after he failed a roadside drug test. He was also arrested in connection with Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) offences due to the money found inside the car.

Another vehicle and two occupants were also searched under Section 23, and a small amount of class A drugs (cocaine) was seized **. **

On Saturday night, officers stopped 35 vehicles on Station Road, and 12 drivers were breathalysed. One man was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and possession of class B drugs (cannabis). Another vehicle was seized after its driver was found to have no insurance.

Officers also carried out a number of stop searches on both vehicles and drivers, all of which were negative.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Craig Flint said: "As we approach Christmas and New Year, we are stepping up our proactivity around catching drink drivers in the act. We always tend to see an increase in drink driving offences around this time of year and we don't expect 2020 to be any different, despite the pandemic.

"So we are urging people to act sensibly and responsibly, and not get behind the wheel if they've consumed alcohol or any other substance. It takes just a split second to cause irreparable damage to your life, and the lives of others, so please - if you've had a drink, don't drive. It really is simple. We really do not want to be knocking on anyone's door to deliver devastating news this Christmas."

To report an incident of drink or drug driving, call 101 - or 999 in an emergency. If you suspect someone is going to drive whilst under the influence of drink or drugs, please call 999 immediately and give the operator as much information as possible, including the vehicle registration. This will help us reduce the number of drink and drug drivers on our roads and potentially save lives.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
