```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Aug 2020
title: "Appeal for information following a burglary \u2013 Rickmansworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-a-burglary-rickmansworth-0460c
```

* ## Designers sunglasses, jewellery and cash were stolen from a property on Chorleywood Road in Rickmansworth.

 * ## It happened between 10.30am and 12.30pm on Friday 31 July.

 * ## If you saw any suspicious activity or have any information, please contact police quoting reference 41/60445/20.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Chorleywood Road between 10.30am and 12.30pm on Friday 31 July.

Offender(s) smashed the glass in a rear door before entering the property and searching several rooms.

They took two bracelets, a men's wrist watch, two pairs of designer sunglasses, a designer hat and a quantity of cash in the form of Euros.

Detective Constable Nicola Simons, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We have already carried out a number of enquiries into this offence but are now extending our appeal to the public.

"As many residents will know, Chorleywood Road is a very busy arterial route so I am keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area between the times stated.

"Perhaps you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, or CCTV fitted to your property? Please review your footage and contact me if you think you have captured anything of note."

You can email DC Simons, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/60445/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
