```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and more than 50 vehicles were stopped by police in Three Rivers during a joint operation specifically targeting drug crime and county lines.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2021
title: "Two arrested during operation to tackle drug crime \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-during-operation-to-tackle-drug-crime-three-rivers-1266
```

* ### Two people were arrested and more than 50 vehicles were stopped during a joint operation to target drug crime

 * ### The Operation Scorpion team joined forces with ERSOU and the local Safer Neighbourhood Team across Abbots Langley and Rickmansworth

 * ### The two day operation saw the teams check multiple vehicles, carry out 19 stop searches, and issue several notices to motorists for different offences

Two people were arrested and more than 50 vehicles were stopped by police in Three Rivers during a joint operation specifically targeting drug crime and county lines.

The Three Rivers Operation Scorpion* team joined forces with colleagues from both the Safer Neighbourhood Team and the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit to run the operation across Abbots Langley and Rickmansworth.

Over the course of two days (Wednesday 24 February and Thursday 25 February), officers stopped in excess of 50 vehicles and spoke to the drivers after using ANPR (automatic number plate recognition) technology to identify people of interest.

A 40 year old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst over the prescribed limit of alcohol, driving on a revoked license, driving with no insurance and possession of class A drugs. He has since been charged and is awaiting a court date.

A 27 year old man from Chesham in Buckinghamshire was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drink or drugs and possession of class B drugs. He has been released on bail.

The team also carried out 19 stop searches under Section 1 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, and Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. Three people were found to have drugs on their person and were reported for possession at the roadside.

Four Traffic Offence Reports were issued to drivers who were not wearing a seatbelt, and four Section 59 notices were issued to people who they had witnessed driving in a careless or anti-social manner. The latter, which were issued under the Police and Reform Act 2002, will be recorded on the police system. This means that if the driver continues to behave inconsiderately behind the wheel, the vehicle will be seized by police.

Three further drivers initially failed to stop for police but all three were later located and dealt with by officers. Two of those vehicles were seized for having no valid insurance, with the drivers reported at the roadside.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Alex Warwick said: "Operations like this are an excellent example of how fundamental partnership working is to the police service. It's true that they require substantial resources but they nearly always provide us with an excellent opportunity to disrupt criminality in Hertfordshire.

"Every day across the district, our covert Operation Scorpion team use their proactive stop and search powers in order to identify and capture criminals, and in turn keep the public safe. It's important to remember that just because you don't see them, it doesn't mean they aren't there.

"It's no secret that criminals use road and rail networks to travel from county to county and sell drugs, but these regular operations show how seriously we take this type of offending in Hertfordshire."

Detective Inspector Kelly Gray, Regional County Lines Coordinator at the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU), said: "Despite the ongoing challenges presented by the pandemic, law enforcement agencies continue to work together alongside safeguarding partners to make life as difficult as possible for those looking to bring harm to our communities and exploit vulnerable people.

"Drug-related crime has a far-reaching impact across society, not just in terms of those bringing the illegal substances to our area but also leading to increases in low level crime such theft and burglary, so it's vital to stop the flow of drugs into our towns and bring those involved to justice.

"The eastern region remains a hostile environment for offenders to operate in, and we will continue to dedicate resources to tackling county lines-linked crime."

If you have information about suspected criminality in your neighbourhood, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.

*Operation Scorpion is a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime, such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences, by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.
