```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Stanstead Abbotts are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: Appeal for information following assault in Stanstead Abbotts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-assault-in-stanstead-abbotts-1138a
```

* ### The incident occurred in an alleyway off Gilpins Gallop.

 * ### A man sustained stab wounds.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to come forward.

Detectives investigating an assault in Stanstead Abbotts are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in an alleyway between Gilpins Gallop and Emma's Crescent, sometime between 6pm and 6.15pm on Wednesday (27 January).

A man aged in his late 20s was in the alleyway when an unknown man ran towards him and struck him several times to the chest and upper arm before running off.

Initially, the victim believed he had been punched, but then realised that he'd sustained stab wounds.

He was taken to hospital for treatment, where his injuries were deemed to be non-life changing or threatening.

The suspect is described as a man, possibly aged between 30 and 40 years old, around 6ft tall, of slim build, who was wearing all black clothing, a hood and a face mask.

Detective Sergeant David Boden, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We've been carrying out enquiries in the local area since the incident was reported to police and our investigation is continuing at this time. Patrols have been increased to try and provide some reassurance to residents.

"While lockdown measures remain in place, there may have been people in the area who were making essential journeys or taking daily exercise around the time of the incident and may have seen something of interest.

"Did you witness any suspicious activity, or perhaps see someone in the area matching the description of the suspect? If so, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to please email DS David Boden.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/6502/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
