```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are currently investigating following two separate incidents in Bishop\u2019s Stortford where runners were reported to have been bitten by a dog."
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2021
title: "Runners bitten by dog in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/runners-bitten-by-dog-in-bishops-stortford-1247
```

* ### Two runners have reported being bitten by a dog in the Oriole Way area.

 * ### Both incidents occurred last month.

 * ### Officers are keen to speak with the owner.

Police are currently investigating following two separate incidents in Bishop's Stortford where runners were reported to have been bitten by a dog.

Both incidents occurred in the Oriole Way area, on the morning of Wednesday 3 February and the evening of Friday 19 February.

A man and a woman have reported being bitten on the leg by a white/cream coloured Staffordshire type dog.

The dog was on a lead on both occasions, but the owner - described as a middle-aged white woman, with blonde hair - was reportedly having trouble keeping it under control.

PCSO Edyta Szrajber, from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We have carried out several enquiries to try and trace the owner of the dog, but have so far been unable to identify her. We are now turning to the public for their help.

"Have you come across the dog in the area? Do you know who the owner is? If so, please get in touch. It's important that we speak with this person before anyone else gets injured."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Szrajber via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
