```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where a man was bitten by a dog in Watford have released an image of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 18 May 2018
title: Do you recognise these men?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-recognise-these-men-0232C
```

* ### Do you recognise these men? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into a dog attack.

 * ### It happened in Top Meadow near The Grove Hotel on Hempstead Road at around 10am on Sunday, May 6.

 * ### If you know the people pictured, witnessed what happened or have further info, please call 101 quoting C1/18/2672.

Officers investigating an incident where a man was bitten by a dog in Watford have released an image of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Top Meadow near to The Grove Hotel on Hempstead Road at around 10am on Sunday, May 6.

Four small dogs approached the victim and began attacking his dog, a mixed breed.

The victim, a man in his 50s, intervened in order to protect his dog but was bitten on the arm. He walked away, carrying his dog in his arms. He later required hospital treatment for his arm injury. His dog was uninjured.

PC Sarah Calcutt, who is investigating, said: "Do you know these people? We are very keen to speak to them as part of our enquiries as we believe they have information that could progress our investigation.

"If you recognise them, witnessed what happened or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call me on 01923 472263, email me or report information online, quoting crime reference number C1/18/2672."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
