```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman who pretended she had cancer to get money from her family members has been found guilty of fraud.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2018
title: Woman who pretended she had cancer is found guilty of fraud
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Woman-who-pretended-she-had-cancer-is-found-guilty-of-fraud-2132
```

* ### A woman has been convicted of fraud after lying about having cancer to get money from relatives.

 * ### Three relatives gave her a total of £21,000 towards treatment after Ellen Danagher from Welwyn Garden City said she had bowel cancer.

 * ### She will be sentenced on December 19.

A woman who pretended she had cancer to get money from her family members has been found guilty of fraud.

Ellen Danagher, aged 48 and of Elsons Mews in Welwyn Garden City, told her family in 2009 that she had bowel cancer and had been offered a new innovative treatment that she would have to pay for.

Three of her relatives gave her a total of £21,000 towards the treatment.

Several years later they became suspicious of Danagher and questioned whether the money had been used for cancer treatment.

They hired a private detective and established that a hospital letter regarding the medical treatment that Danagher had shown them was a fake. The family then contacted the police.

During her first police interview, in February 2017, Danagher maintained that she had been diagnosed with cancer and had received treatment through a private company. During her second interview - a month later - she gave no comment throughout and was unable to provide any documentation in relation to her cancer diagnosis.

She was charged with three counts of fraud by false representation.

Today (Friday, November 23), following a four day trial at St Albans Crown Court a jury found Danagher guilty of the offence.

She has been bailed and is due to be sentenced on December 19.
