```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are urging people to be vigilant and report suspicious activity following a series of thefts of catalytic converters across Hertsmere.
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2021
title: "'Be vigilant\u2019 message following catalytic converter thefts"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/be-vigilant-message-following-catalytic-converter-thefts-1324j
```

* ## 'Please report suspicious activity' message to residents.

 * ## Catalytic converters being stolen from vehicles across Hertsmere.

Officers are urging people to be vigilant and report suspicious activity following a series of thefts of catalytic converters across Hertsmere.

Since the beginning of the month, 22 catalytic converters have been stolen from vehicles across Borehamwood (8), Bushey (8), Potters Bar (4), Elstree (1) and Radlett (1). The vehicles targeted include Lexus models and Toyotas, specifically the Prius and Auris hybrid models and a Honda Accord.

Catalytic converters contain precious metals and are attractive to thieves due to their high metal value. Offences typically occur during the night but some happen in broad daylight. If your catalytic convertor is stolen it renders your car almost undrivable and can be incredibly costly to repair and replace.

**Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Rachael Robertson said:** "This is a continued focus for us in Hertsmere and we have been working to tackle this through increased patrols, particularly in hot spot areas. We are also contacting owners of the high-risk vehicles in the areas most affected to offer crime prevention advice.

"We will also be conducting some community engagement events to provide essential advice, as well as working with scrap metal dealers around what to look for when accepting catalytic converters.

"But we would urge people to be vigilant to this crime type. If you see anyone acting suspiciously around a vehicle, particularly where people are trying to get under cars in public car parks or on public roads, please call 999 immediately.

"As part of the Constabulary's response to this type of crime, Operation Feline aims to help drivers protect their catalytic convertors and to deter thieves. As part of the campaign, a number of garages across the county are offering a free security marking service and I'd urge residents to take up this offer."

**Garages carrying out free catalytic converter marking in Hertsmere are:**

 * Kwik Fit, Elstree Way, Borehamwood, Herts WD6 1LB. Contact: 0208 207 1820
 * JTT Autotech, High Street, Potters Bar. Contact: 01707 658899/647755
 * C & C Motors, Unit 4 Cranbourne Industrial Estate, Potters Bar, EN6 3JN. Contact: 01707 644656

Details of the security marking scheme and further garages taking part in the county, can be found on the Operation Feline page.

**In order to minimise the chance of becoming a victim we offer the following advice:**

 * Lock your car whenever it is left unattended and keep it in a garage when parked at night if possible.
 * When using a garage is not possible, park close to fences, walls or a kerb with the exhaust being closest to the fence, wall or kerb to make theft difficult.
 * Consider fitting CCTV on your home or driveway, to help deter thieves.
 * Use PIR or LED security lighting to make your vehicle more visible and this can also act as a deterrent.
 * If your catalytic converter is bolted on, consider having the bolts welded to make removal difficult.
 * Fit protective coverings on catalytic converters, such as the Toyota manufactured CATLOC device, (these are made for Toyota Prius made between 2004 and 2009) as these can make it much more difficult for thieves.
 * Have your catalytic converter etched or forensically marked, and put stickers in the windscreen to say this has been done.
 * Look for car parks with a Secured Car Park sign which have recognised levels of security. If you have a garage at home, ensure you use it and lock it properly.
 * Noisy gravel on your drive can help deter a would-be thief, as they don't want to alert you to their approach.
 * Never leave valuable items or tools on display in your vehicle as this may encourage a thief to break in.

More advice on how to make your vehicle safe is available on our Crime Prevention page.

If you have information about thefts from vehicles you can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
