```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of jewellery that officers believe may have been stolen in the hope of reuniting it with the rightful owner.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: Do you recognise jewellery recovered in Borehamwood?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-jewellery-recovered-in-borehamwood-0820
```

Police are releasing images of jewellery that officers believe may have been stolen in the hope of reuniting it with the rightful owner.

The distinctive jewellery was discovered in a black bag, also pictured, by a member of the public at a bus stop in Cranes Way, Borehamwood on 10 October. Among the items is a Breitling watch.

PC Connor Phipps said: "Our initial enquiries to identify who the jewellery belongs to and how it came to be at the bus stop have been unsuccessful so we are now appealing for the public's help. If you recognise the jewellery or have any information that may help our investigation please get in touch by emailing me at connor.phipps@herts.pnn.police.uk."

Alternatively, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR reference 0471 of 10 October 2020.

If you would like to stay 100% anonymous please contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
