```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a bank card in Hoddesdon have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following theft of bank card \u2013 Hoddesdon"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-of-bank-card-Hoddesdon-0405
```

* ### Do you recognise the two men pictured? Officers would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries

 * ### It relates to an incident outside Aldi in Hoddesdon on Friday, May 25, where a woman had her bank card stolen

 * ### If you recognise either of these men, please email carol.francis@herts.pnn.police.uk or call 101, quoting crime reference 41/943/18

Officers investigating the theft of a bank card in Hoddesdon have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened outside Aldi in Taverners Way at approximately midday on Friday, May 25.

The victim, a woman in her 60s, was leaving the store when she was approached by two men.

They began speaking to her in a foreign language and the victim thought they were asking for change.

She opened her purse to show them she had no cash when one of them pushed her in the shoulder before taking her bank card.

They then immediately went to a nearby bank and withdrew an amount of cash before leaving the area.

Investigator Carol Francis, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "We believe the offenders were watching the victim as she was paying for her shopping and then followed her outside to intimidate her.

"She has understandably been left very shaken by the ordeal and I want to reassure her that we are doing all we can to identify those responsible.

"I am very keen to speak to the two men pictured as I believe they will have information that could progress my investigation.

"If you recognise them, or have any information that could assist my enquiries, please email me at carol.francis@herts.pnn.police.uk, report online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/943/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
