```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are appealing to local residents to behave responsibly and lock their cars when they leave them unattended.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2018
title: Thefts from unlocked cars on the increase
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Thefts-from-unlocked-cars-on-the-increase-0113E
```

* ### 63 vehicles left insecure in Stevenage since January.

 * ### Police appeal for motorists to make sure their vehicles are locked.

 * ### Valuables left on display are a green light for thieves.

Police in Stevenage are appealing to local residents to behave responsibly and lock their cars when they leave them unattended.

Since the beginning of January 2018 more than 127 vehicles have been targeted by thieves and 63 of those appear to have been left insecure. The items taken include mobile phones, Sat Navs, lap tops, bank cards, designer sunglasses and clothes, watches, iPods and cash.

Detective Inspector Chris Treadwell, said: "I find it incredible that so many people not only leave their cars unlocked, but that they also leave valuable items in the vehicles as well. This kind of behaviour is just a green light to thieves. We are continually telling people not to leave anything valuable in their cars and some of the items stolen where even left on display.

"There is also a good chance that your car insurance will be invalid if your vehicle has been left insecure, meaning you would not be able to claim on your insurance for any of the items stolen and it could also affect your no claims policy.

"This type of crime takes up a huge amount of time and detracts re-sources away from other crime areas. Most of these thefts could have probably been prevented if the vehicles had been left properly secure. It is easy to accidentally press a key fob and re-open a car without realising or simply press the wrong button, so please double check you really have locked your vehicle when you leave it and remove all valuable items."

If you witness anyone behaving suspiciously around vehicles and you believe a crime maybe in progress call 999 immediately. Anyone other information should be reported via the non-emergency number 101, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
