```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing CCTV images of three men they would like to identify as part of their enquiries following a burglary in Tea Green, Luton.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2018
title: "CCTV appeal \u2013 do you recognise these men?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-do-you-recognise-these-men-0592
```

* ### Police would like to identify the three men pictured as part of an on-going investigation into a burglary in Tea Green.

 * ### In the early hours of April 28, offenders gained entry to the White Horse Public House in Stony Lane.

 * ### They took an empty safe from the office before driving off in a blue vehicle.

 * ### Officers believe the men pictured may have informaiton that could assist the investigation.

Police are releasing CCTV images of three men they would like to identify as part of their enquiries following a burglary in Tea Green, Luton.

In the early hours of April 28, offenders gained entry to the White Horse Public House in Stony Lane where they entered the office and stole an empty safe before driving off in a blue vehicle.

PC Joanne Leadbeater, who is investigating, said: "We have only recently been able to gain access to this CCTV, which is why I am now appealing for the public's help to identify these men.

"We never give up in our efforts to apprehend those who commit burglaries and we believe the men pictured may have key information that can assist us with the on-going investigation."

Anyone who recognises the men or has any other information that may assist officers is asked to contact PC Leadbeater by emailing joanne.leadbeater2@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/1344, or report the information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
