```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an aggravated burglary at a home in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Watford-1054C
```

* ### Appeal for information and witnesses following an aggravated burglary in Watford

 * ### Incident occurred at around 1pm on Thursday, October 12 in Oxhey Avenue.

Officers investigating an aggravated burglary at a home in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 1pm on Thursday, October 12 in Oxhey Avenue, the victim - a man aged in his 20s - answered the front door to the offender who pushed him inside and hit him over the head.

The victim lost consciousness and the offender carried out an untidy search of the house before leaving in an unknown direction.

He is described as being a white man, aged in his early 30s, around 6ft 1in tall and of average build.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not seriously hurt. He suffered a cut above his right eye however, this would have been a very frightening ordeal.

"We're working hard to identify the person responsible for this burglary and I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen a man matching the description loitering in the area or running away from the scene around the time stated to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Vint via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C1/17/5669, or or report information online

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
