```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 1,000 school children and hundreds of commuters were spoken to, as officers across East Herts supported the latest national knife amnesty campaign.
publish:
  date: 20 Mar 2019
title: Officers in East Herts support Op Sceptre campaign
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-in-east-herts-support-op-sceptre-campaign-2769a
```

* ### Safer Neighbourhood Team officers engaged with members of the public throughout the week.

 * ### School pupils and commuters were spoken to.

 * ### Test purchase operations were also carried out.

More than 1,000 school children and hundreds of commuters were spoken to, as officers across East Herts supported the latest national knife amnesty campaign.

Operation Sceptre ran across the county from March 11 to March 17, in a bid to reduce the number of illegal knives in circulation.

Throughout the week, Safer Neighbourhood Team officers engaged with members of the public of all ages to help educate them on the dangers of carrying a knife in public.

Hard-hitting presentations were given to more than 1,000 students at secondary schools across the district, who were then encouraged to openly discuss the topic with their peers. A 'Crucial Crew'* event was also held to educate Year 6 children on the dangers of gangs and knives.

Knife wand operations were carried out at Bishop's Stortford and Hertford East train stations, in partnership with British Transport Police, to spread the message to commuters and target those who may be using the railway network to commit crime.

A weapons sweep was conducted in an area of Bishop's Stortford where drug dealing had been reported. The local metal detection society assisted with the search while officers utilised the quad bikes to access off road areas.

Test purchase operations were also carried out at several supermarkets and DIY stores, to ensure they were conducting stringent identification checks on anyone who appeared to be under the age of 18. Encouragingly, there was a 100% refusal rate for underage sales.

Alongside this, officers also used their regular community engagement events - such as Coffee with a Cop - and their social media channels to help get the campaign messages across.

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "Thankfully, knife crime in East Herts remains low and we are continuing to work with our partners to keep it that way.

"The latest Operation Sceptre campaign proved a great success and it is encouraging that no knives were located during the various searches that were carried out across the district. I would like to thank everyone who engaged with us through the week to help support the campaign."

During the amnesty, 680 knives were deposited at set locations across Hertfordshire - a record number. Further information about the countywide campaign can be found here.
