```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in St Nicholas Park, Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 24 Oct 2020
title: Did you see incident in Stevenage park?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-see-incident-in-stevenage-park-777
```

* ### Appeal for witnesses to incident in St Nicholas Park, Stevenage

 * ### Two people threatened on Saturday 17 October

 * ### Anyone with information should call 101, quoting 41/84196/20

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in St Nicholas Park, Stevenage.

A man and a woman were in the park at around 3pm on Saturday 17 October when they were approached by three teenage boys. The group were verbally abusive and made threats towards the couple.

The main suspect is described as a black male, aged around 18 and 5ft 6-7in tall. He was wearing dark clothing and a blue and white bandana. He spoke with a local accent. He came into the park from Cherwell Drive.

PC Lisa Williams, from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I would like to speak to anyone who has any information about this incident or who knows who the suspect may be.

"In particular I would like to speak to a member of the public who is believed to have walked past at the time of the incident. He was carrying a young child on his shoulders and asked the couple if they were ok."

Anyone with information should contact PC Williams via email to lisa.williams2@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/84196/20.

_ _

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
