```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who stabbed a 93 year old man in a park in Potters Bar has pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18 wounding with intent) and possession of a bladed article.
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2017
title: Man pleads guilty to GBH following Potters Bar stabbing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-pleads-guilty-to-GBH-following-Potters-Bar-stabbing
```

* ### Man who stabbed 93 year old at Potters Bar park has pleaded guilty to GBH and possession of a bladed article.

 * ### He has been remanded in custody and will appear for sentencing on February 15.

 * ### The victim was treated in hospital and discharged.

A man who stabbed a 93 year old man in a park in Potters Bar has pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18 wounding with intent) and possession of a bladed article.

Ryan Hewitt, aged 20, of Carpenter Way, Potters Bar, appeared for trial at St Albans Crown Court today (Tuesday, December 12). The case was adjourned when he pleaded guilty.

On the afternoon of Thursday, July 6, the victim was sitting on a bench in Oakmere Park, Potters Bar, when he was approached from behind by Hewitt and stabbed twice in the back.

Detective Constable Robert Wood from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit said: "The victim, who was waiting to meet his grandson to walk the dog, initially thought he'd been punched. He was treated in hospital for his injuries and has since been discharged but continues to live with the trauma of what happened to him.

"This was an isolated, unprovoked attack and the victim did not know the offender. Following initial enquiries Hewitt was quickly arrested by officers and has been remanded in custody to appear at St Albans Crown Court for sentencing on February 15."
