```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2020
title: "Attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-bishops-stortford-1035
```

* ### Appeal for information about attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford

 * ### The incident occurred in Great Hadham Road

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to please email christopher.golding@herts.pnn.police.uk

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Great Hadham Road, shortly after 11.30pm on Saturday 12 December.

A man aged in his 20s was walking along the footpath, near a pelican crossing, when he was approached by two unknown males.

One of the males asked if the victim had any drugs, to which he replied 'no'. The male then grabbed the victim's clothing and demanded money.

As the victim pushed the male off, the second male took an unknown object out of his pocket.

The victim then reached into his own pocket to take out his vape and the males ran off.

The males are described as white, around 5ft 9ins to 5ft 10ins tall and of slim build. They were both wearing grey tracksuits and face masks.

Detective Constable Chris Golding, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim was not hurt and nothing was taken. However, I am keen to trace the two males involved in the incident. If you have any information which may assist us, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please email christopher.golding@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/99904/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
