```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 25-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply drugs after a warrant was executed in the town.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2019
title: Operation Scorpion officers execute warrant in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Operation-Scorpion-officers-execute-warrant-in-Waltham-Cross-2481k
```

* ### More than 30 bags of suspected cannabis were seized, as well as more than 25 items believed to be Class A drugs.

 * ### Officers from the local Operation Scorpion team led the warrant.

 * ### A 25-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply drugs.

Items seized during the warrant.

A 25-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply drugs after a warrant was executed in the town.

On Thursday, January 24 night officers searched an address in Edinburgh Crescent and located a quantity of suspected Class A and Class B drugs.

More than 30 bags of suspected cannabis were seized, as well as more than 25 items believed to be Class A drugs. A man was subsequently arrested and later released under investigation.

Officers from the local Operation Scorpion team led the warrant.

Broxbourne Chief Inspector Craig Flint said: "Operation Scorpion targets burglars, robbers and those suspected of being involved in drug and vehicle-related crime. The proactive team is focused on those causing the most harm to our communities.

"We will always take information received from the public seriously and will take action to target those believed to be involved in drug-related crime. I'd urge anyone with any such information to contact us. You can help us to keep Broxbourne a safe place to be."

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
