```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault that occurred in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-assault-inStAlbans-1605F
```

* ### Officers are investigating an alleged assault that occurred at the Sainsbury's petrol station in Everard Close, St Albans.

 * ### The victim was reportedly repeatedly punched by three men known to him.

 * ### Two people have been arrested in connection with the incident and released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * ### Anyone who saw the incident is asked to contact police via 101.

Officers investigating an alleged assault that occurred in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 2.30pm on Friday, February 2, the victim -a man aged in his 20s - was reportedly assaulted by three men known to him at the Sainsbury's petrol station in Everard Close.

The victim, who was allegedly repeatedly punched, suffered bruising to his face, a cut lip and a cut to his head.

Anyone who saw the incident or has information that could assist the police investigation is asked to contact Investigator Tom Witherspoon by emailing, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F1/18/550, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Two people have been arrested in connection with the incident - an 18 year old man and a 20 year old man, both from St Albans. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
