```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Berkhamsted where a woman and her puppy were attacked by three other dogs are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2018
title: Did you witness dog attack in Berkhamsted?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-dog-attack-in-Berkhamsted-1578D
```

* ### A woman and her puppy were attacked by three other dogs in Lagley Meadow, Berkhamsted.

 * ### Police would like to speak to several members of the public who helped the victim and her pet.

 * ### The woman's right leg was bitten by one of the dogs and required surgery.

 * ### The puppy also required veterinary treatment.

Officers investigating an incident in Berkhamsted where a woman and her puppy were attacked by three other dogs are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 2.30pm on Thursday, February 1, the victim was walking her eight month old cavapoo in Lagley Meadow, Douglas Gardens, when they passed a woman who was walking three large dogs.

One of the dogs lunged at the victim, knocking her over and biting her right leg while the other two dogs attacked the puppy causing injuries.

The victim required surgery on her leg and the puppy required veterinary treatment.

PC Sue Desmond, who is investigating, said: "We know that numerous members of the public came to the victim's aid and two men in particular helped to restrain the dogs.

"I would like to speak to anyone who helped the victim or witnessed the incident as you may have information that could help our on-going enquiries. I'm also keen to speak to anyone who may have captured the incident on video."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Desmond by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D2/18/137 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
