```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Smallford on New Year\u2019s Day are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage."
publish:
  date: 2 Jan 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal collision in Smallford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-smallford-1228
```

* ### Following a fatal road traffic collision on New Year's Day in Smallford we are appealing for witnesses.

 * ### A bus was in collision with a sign on Hatfield Road around 7pm. Sadly the driver died.

 * ### Call 101 quoting ISR 709 of 01/01 if you can help.

We are investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Smallford on New Year's Day and are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage.

We were called at just after 7pm to reports of a single vehicle road traffic collision between a bus and a road sign on Hatfield Road. There were no passengers on the bus.

The East of England Ambulance Service also attended and the bus driver, a man in his 60s, sadly died at the scene.

PC Neil Cosier, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the man's friends and family at this sad time.

"We are investigating the circumstances and causes of this collision, as part of that we are asking for witnesses to come forward.

"We're asking for motorists who were in the area at the time of the incident and have dashcam footage to please review it and make contact with us if you have relevant footage which could assist our investigation."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 709 of 1 January.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
