```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following two burglaries in Meesden.
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following burglaries in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglaries-in-east-herts-1570
```

* ### The burglaries happened at around 12.30am on Friday 13 March.

 * ### Two garages and an outbuilding were accessed by means unknown.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following two burglaries in Meesden.

On Friday 13 March, between 12.30am and 1am, two separate properties were accessed by means unknown.

Offenders gained access to two garages and an outbuilding.

A messy search was conducted, and several items were stolen, including a circular saw, two five-gallon cans of red diesel, two bottles of champagne and various tools.

DC Jodie Bolton, who is investigating, said: "We believe that these crimes are linked, and committed by the same offenders. We have arrested two people on suspicion of burglary in relation to these offences, but we are still appealing for witnesses to piece together the specific events of the night. It is believed that the offenders were driving a light-coloured Toyota vehicle, which had been left parked nearby.

"Did you witness anyone behaving suspiciously in the area, or did you see a suspicious vehicle? If you did, please get in contact with me as soon as possible. Any information, even something which may seem relatively minor, could be key to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Bolton directly via email at _jodie.bolton@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice to help protect your homes and possessions from opportunist thieves and burglars:

 1. Consider investing in a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm - this way, if you unfortunately do become a victim of burglary, you will have some evidence to assist an investigation.
 2. Always ensure that doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked. This applies not just to your home, but to outbuildings such as sheds and barns too.
 3. Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight to help minimise the risk of being targeted by opportunist thieves. If you have a shed, outbuilding or van which are using for storing tools, ensure that they are not on display.
 4. Ensure boundary fences are as secure as possible, with any side or back gates locked.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/22440/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.

 * Two people, a 26 year old man and a 23 year old man, were arrested on suspicion of burglary. They have been released on bail with conditions.
