```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: At 1.57pm yesterday(December 23) police were called to a report of a car being in collision with several people outside the Tesco store in Harefield Road, Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following incident in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-incident-in-Rickmansworth-2283
```

At 1.57pm today (December 23) police were called to a report of a car being in collision with several people outside the Tesco store in Harefield Road, Rickmansworth.

 The ambulance service also attended the incident.

 One person was taken to Watford General Hospital after sustaining a serious injury. Another person sustained slight injuries and also received hospital treatment.

 The vehicle - a blue Citroen C3, a hire car with a registration of KW18 HGK - did not stop, but left the scene.

 It's believed the driver and passenger were involved in an incident inside the store moments before the collision, where a person was challenged by the store's security after attempting to steal alcohol.

Officers are continuing to work to locate the vehicle and its occupants.

Anyone who witnessed the incident and has yet to speak with police, or saw the car before or after the incident, should contact PC David Johnson from the Road Policing Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 397 of December 23.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
