```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: TEN new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters last Thursday, June 13.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2019
title: New Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-special-constables-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-0384all
```

Ten new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters last Thursday, June 13.

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force, volunteering a minimum of 16 hours of their time each month.

During 11 weeks of training, the new recruits learnt basic law including theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those who graduated are:

**Bishop 's Stortford**

 * **Tomas Frenzel** who works for a lighting manufacturer.

**Broxbourne**

 * **Viktorija Kackanaite** who works as a nurse.

**Dacorum**

 * **Bryony Reeves** who is a primary school teacher in Watford.

**East Herts**

 * **Chiara Alessandri** who works as a management consultant.

 * Jack Culverhouse who is a semi-professional rugby player.

**Hertsmere**

 * **Panaya Golemetsova** who works as a loss prevention supervisor at a department store.

**St Albans**

 * **Claire Rumsey** who is a science and PE teacher at a secondary school in Bedfordshire.

**Stevenage**

 * **Natalie Skinner** who works in David Lloyd Health Club memberships.

**Welwyn Hatfield**

 * **Ian Varley** who is a restaurant manager.

They were joined on the evening by family, friends and local dignitaries.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol. Three of the officers speak Turkish, Lithuanian, Russian, Polish, Bulgarian, Macedonian, Serbian, Greek and Italian.

**Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson awarded the Specials with their certificates. He said:** "The work that our Special Constables do is vital in helping us to police the county and it is a great honour to welcome these hardworking Specials to the Constabulary. I was delighted to meet them and wish them all well as they now move on to undertake this important role within the communities of Hertfordshire."

**Special Constabulary Chief Officer, Mark Kendrew said:** "I am very proud to welcome our new Special Constables to our dedicated team. They have been through a rigorous recruitment process and spent a number of weeks completing the intensive training required to fulfil the role of a Special Constable.

"Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and that makes a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire."

**Deputy Chief Executive of the Police and Crime Commissioner** **for Hertfordshire,** **Gavin Miles** **said:** "What a delight it was to welcome our new Specials to our expanding police team in Hertfordshire. We are very fortunate to have such a dedicated team of Special Constables, who bring a wealth of skills and life experience to policing. I wish them all the very best as they embark on their first shifts."

A short film has recently been launched to showcase the exciting role of a Special Constable in the hope it will encourage more people to volunteer with Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary. You can view the video on the Herts Police YouTube channel.

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred. Hertfordshire Constabulary are piloting 'Career Pathways' and have a number of specialist opportunities for officers.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are posted to local response or neighbourhood teams and are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months. Once the officers are fit for independent patrol, they can apply for a posting to one of our specialist teams.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of modern slavery, human trafficking, cybercrime, domestic abuse, proactive units targeting local drug dealers, wanted persons, night time economy issues and prisoner processing.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or crop damage.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'register your interest' to receive an application form (please check your junk folder!) or browse the pages to find out more. You can also view our new video and read case studies from some of our officers who feature. __
