```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CI\u2019ve always wanted to join the police to make a difference and help people,\u201D said the new Ashley, Cunningham and St Albans East PCSO Abbie Proctor."
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2018
title: Introducing new PCSO for St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Introducing-new-PCSO-for-StAlbans-1506F
```

* ### New PCSO for St Albans wants to make a difference and help people.

 * ### She especially wants to work with the elderly and young people.

 * ### Join Neighbourhood Watch to receive local information about crime in your area.

"I've always wanted to join the police to make a difference and help people," said the new Ashley, Cunningham and St Albans East PCSO Abbie Proctor.

Abbie has been busy securing CCTV evidence, conducting house-to-house enquiries to support police investigations and has met local people, including colleagues from St Albans City and District Council, since she joined the Safer Neighbourhood Team earlier this month.

She has spent six weeks doing her training in Letchworth before joining the team and she will be a visible presence in Ashley, Cunningham and Colney Heath. She has been given additional training by PCSO Lena Bhogaita so she is fit for independent patrol. Lena said: "Abbie has a great way of communicating with people and is keen to work hard to resolve community problems."

She has been helping police colleagues to identify the masked moped riders in Highfield and has been dealing with thefts from motor vehicles.

She said: "I'm especially looking forward to working with elderly people, who may need extra help to keep themselves and their property safe; and young people on the edge of crime or who may need some help making the right decisions."

Abbie will be working with colleagues in the _London Colney, St Stephen and St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Team_ , headed up by Neighbourhood Sergeant Rory Arnott. He said: "I'm really pleased to welcome Abbie, who has already been an asset to the team. She is a visible presence and I'd encourage residents to speak to her about crime, anti-social behaviour or crime prevention advice. I'd also encourage residents to join Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) to receive emails about crimes in your local area."

Abbie can also be contacted via 101. Residents can also use the new online chat facility to speak to a communications operator to report crimes online. Always dial 999 in an emergency.

The three current neighbourhood priorities for London Colney, St Stephen and St Albans East are anti-social behaviour in Cell Barnes Lane, especially outside the parade of shops; riding motorbikes anti-socially and fly-tipping.

PCSO Abbie Proctor
