```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A drink driver has been jailed after killing a man and seriously injuring his mother in a head-on collision in Redbourn.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2020
title: Driver jailed for killing man in head-on crash
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/driver-jailed-for-killing-man-in-head-on-crash-0933
```

* ### The collision occurred on the St Albans Road in Redbourn.

 * ### A man sadly passed away at the scene and his mother was seriously injured.

 * ### A man has been jailed for five years and three months in connection with the incident.

A drink driver has been jailed after killing a man and seriously injuring his mother in a head-on collision in Redbourn.

TJ Quirke, aged 28, from Down Edge, Redbourn, was sentenced to five years and three months at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (27 November) after pleading guilty to:

• Causing death by dangerous driving
• Causing serious injury by dangerous driving
• Driving above the alcohol limit
• Driving with no insurance

He was also banned from driving for seven years and three months and will need to take an extended test to get his licence back.

The collision occurred just before 10pm on Sunday 12 May, 2018 when the victim, 36-year-old Winston Chau, was driving his mother back from a family party.

As they were traveling along the St Albans Road, their Honda Civic was hit head-on by a Mercedes being driven by Mr Quirke.

Mr Chau sadly died at the scene and Mrs Chau suffered extremely serious injuries, from which she has still not fully recovered.

PC Carl Callan, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our thoughts remain with the Chau family at what continues to be a very difficult time. Nothing will ever make up for the loss of their loved one, but I hope this sentence can at least bring them some small sense of closure."
