```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new webpage to help people find out if their partner has an abusive past.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2018
title: "New webpage makes Clare\u2019s Law applications easier"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-webpage-makes-clares-law-applications-easier2184all
```

* ### Clare's Law give the public the right to ask if their partner has a history of abuse.

 * ### The scheme means people can make an informed choice about whether to continue in a relationship.

 * ### New webpage means applications can now be made online.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new webpage to help people find out if their partner has an abusive past.

The Domestic Abuse Disclosure Scheme gives members of the public the right to ask if their partner has a history of violent or abusive behaviour. Commonly known as Clare's Law, was named after Clare Wood who was killed by her former partner in 2009.

Police can also use the law to proactively reveal key information where there is a concern but they have not been directly asked.

The new webpage includes a newly-created online form which members of the public can use to make a Clare's Law application.

The applications are then dealt with by specialist officers from the Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation & Safeguarding Unit (DAISU). Checks will be made and where there is cause for concern relevant information will be revealed to the person at risk.

The launch comes during '16 Days of Action Against Domestic Abuse', which started on Sunday (November 25), the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women.

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek, head of DAISU, said: "Clare's Law means you or someone you know can make an informed choice about the relationship. Our officers can also give advice and support. Their priority will be to protect you and your family from abuse.

"Applications can be made by calling 101 if you prefer, however this webpage provides an easy and potentially more discrete way to make an application. Always call 999 if you have any immediate concerns for your or anyone else's safety."

People in Hertfordshire have been able to leave abusive relationships as a direct result of Clare's Law disclosures.

One such woman, aged 22 and who is not being named for safety reasons, said: "I would now always go to Clare's Law if had concerns about someone. You never know what a person's history is and the information you get could help avoid the abuse I suffered.

"Ultimately the information I was given helped me see who this person really was. I have now changed my life and I am on the road to recovery."

For information about Clare's Law or to make an application visit.

Anyone in Hertfordshire who is affected by domestic abuse can get information and advice. Or they can call the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline in confidence for free help, advice and support on 08 088 088 088 (open weekdays 9am-9pm and weekends 9am-4pm). If you or someone is in immediate danger, always call 999.
