```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help to locate a sentimental collection of hand-painted figures which were stolen in Hemel Hempstead."
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2020
title: Appeal to locate stolen sentimental collection of figures
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-locate-stolen-sentimental-collection-of-figures-033
```

* ### Have you seen a collection of missing hand-painted wargaming figures?

 * ### A collection was stolen in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### If you have information contact us online or via 101 quoting 41/99608/19.

We are appealing for the public's help to locate a sentimental collection of hand-painted figures which were stolen in Hemel Hempstead.

A box containing around 100 of the 28mm tall metal wargaming figures was stolen from outside an address on Varney Road as the owner was unloading his vehicle on 6 October 2019.

Enquiries to trace the items have been unsuccessful and so a further appeal for information is being made.

A Hertfordshire Constabulary spokesperson said: "I appreciate the theft of these items took place some time ago, however I'm appealing to anyone who may have seen them to get in contact with us.

"The items are unique and part of a 40 year old collection the owner has amassed since 1980 and so they have great sentimental value.

"Any information which could assist in locating these items and them being returned to the owner would be appreciated."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/99608/19.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
