```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Ahead of England\u2019s World Cup match tomorrow (Wednesday), Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding people to ensure they only dial 999 if there is a genuine emergency following a number of inappropriate calls over the busy football weekend."
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2018
title: "Police urge public to use 999 wisely and keep out of trouble ahead of tomorrow\u2019s World Cup game"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-urge-public-to-use-999-wisely-and-keep-out-of-trouble-ahead-of-tomorrows-World-Cup-game
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary received increased 999 calls on Saturday, which were similar to the levels seen on New Year's Eve - one of the Force's busiest days of the year.

 * ### People are being reminded to only dial 999 if there is a genuine emergency and to behave responsibly while having a good time during tomorrow's World Cup match between England and Croatia.

 * ### During the weekend the Force received a number of inappropriate 999 calls including one person complaining of being too hot.

Ahead of England's World Cup match tomorrow (Wednesday), Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding people to ensure they only dial 999 if there is a genuine emergency following a number of inappropriate calls over the busy football weekend.

The Constabulary's Force Communications Room (FCR) received a significant number of calls on Saturday, which were similar to the levels seen on New Year's Eve - one of the Force's busiest days of the year.

On Saturday, the FCR received 757 emergency 999 calls and on Sunday there were 630. These were due to a combination of the heatwave and celebrations following England's quarter final World Cup win getting out of hand and turning sour.

Superintendent Mick Trotman, who leads on Public Contact, said: "Disappointingly a number of callers were using the 999 number either irresponsibly or inappropriately, which put additional pressure on our hard working call handlers during an extremely busy period.

"One member of the public contacted us via 999 to complain they were hot, another called to ask that police attend because a taxi driver wanted his fare paid in advance and one person called to report two large birds seen flying above her house, which she believed were bald eagles!

"This is not only incredibly frustrating for staff in the FCR who are working really hard but more importantly it could delay us in getting help to those who are in desperate need, often facing life or death situations.

"You should only dial 999 if:

 * Someone is injured, being threatened or is in danger.
 * There is a risk of injury to someone or a risk of serious damage to property.
 * A crime is in progress or you suspect a crime is in progress.
 * There is a serious incident which needs immediate police attendance.
 * Someone suspected of a crime is nearby."When there is no immediate threat to life or property please wherever possible use our online reporting facility at http://www.herts.police.uk/contact_us/contacting_us.aspx _or call the non-emergency number 101. "_

On top of emergency 999 calls, Hertfordshire Constabulary received 952 non-emergency 101 calls on Saturday and 1,009 on Sunday. Typical examples of when you should contact us online or call 101 include:

 * If you want to give police information about a crime that is not currently in progress.
 * To contact a local police officer, such as someone from your Safer Neighbourhood team.
 * If your property has been stolen or damaged but it is not a crime in progress.
 * If you suspect drug dealing or use in your area.

Superintendent Richard Liversidge said: "So far the majority of Hertfordshire's residents have been enjoying our World Cup success and the unusual summer heatwave in a responsible and safe way and I hope this continues.

"We, of course, want people to support England and have a good time while doing so and are sharing some advice to help ensure that everyone enjoys tomorrow night. Please keep the following in mind: "If you're drinking alcohol make sure you don't drink too much, plan you way home ahead of going out and don't drink and drive.

"The combination of alcohol and the heatwave means that people can become dehydrated much more quickly than usual so please keep yourself topped up with non-alcoholic drinks. Also, remember that if you've been drinking the night before you might still be over the legal drink drive limit on Thursday morning.

"As part of our efforts to ensure everyone has a safe and trouble free World Cup you can expect to see increased police presence in town centres across the county during England matches."
