```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team and Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council are joining together to find out your views on anti-social behaviour in the area.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2020
title: Have your say on anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-anti-social-behaviour-in-welwyn-hatfield-0152
```

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team and Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council are joining together to find out your views on anti-social behaviour in the area.

On Monday 1 June, Sergeant James Stopford and Carla Claydon, the council's Anti-Social Behaviour Team Leader, will be hosting a live chat on the Constabulary's neighbourhood watch service, OWL.

The chat will run from 7pm to 8pm.

Welwyn Hatfield residents can share their thoughts and ask questions about the police and council's work to tackle anti-social behaviour across the borough.

Sergeant Stopford said: "Nobody deserves to have their quality of life disrupted by anti-social behaviour and we do everything we can to make sure that Welwyn Hatfield is a safe and pleasant place to live and work.

"Although our community engagement events have been postponed due to COVID-19, we are still here and still listening to you.

"It's really important that you let us know your concerns so that we can take action. If there is something you want to share or ask, I encourage you to take part.

"The live chat is easy to use. To take part, you will need to register on OWL a few days in advance to receive an invitation. Simply go to owl.co.uk and type in your postcode to join. On Friday 29 May, you'll then receive a message from me with details to join the chat. I'm looking forward to speaking to as many residents as possible and hearing about your thoughts and concerns.

"If you can't make the live chat, you can still let us know your thoughts by using our public feedback service echo. Simply go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say."

Councillor Bernard Sarson, Executive Member for Regeneration, Economic Development and Partnerships, said: "We know our community are doing amazing things to support each other, but sadly there is a small minority that can make life difficult for the people around them, sometimes unintentionally.

"With us all spending more time at home, we're working together to respond to nuisance complaints to help everyone live as harmoniously as possible together."
