```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident close to junction 6 on the A1M.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2021
title: Appeal for information following incident on A1M
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-incident-on-a1m-1193
```

* ### Appeal after near miss on A1M

 * ### Incident occurred near junction 6 on 13 February

 * ### Witnesses asked to call 101

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident close to junction 6 on the A1M.

At around 12.30pm yesterday (Saturday 13 February), it was reported that a Vauxhall Corsa and a dark red saloon style car were involved in a near collision whilst driving north along the A1M. No one was injured during the incident.

PC Christopher Doughty, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our investigations are continuing at this time, to establish the circumstances around the incident. It is believed that one of the vehicles was driving erratically preceding the collision.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have seen the incident, or events leading up to it, to please get in touch. I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen this incident just prior 12.30pm on the day. I would urge motorists who were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted, to please review any footage and contact us if you have captured anything that may assist us."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 281 of 13 February, 2021.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
