```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after war medals were stolen during a burglary in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: Have you seen medals stolen in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-medals-stolen-in-hemel-hempstead-1330
```

* ### Second World War medals stolen from Hemel home

 * ### Have you seen them?

 * ### Medals hold real sentimental value for the burglary victim

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after war medals were stolen during a burglary in Hemel Hempstead.

The incident occurred in Ellingham Road, sometime between 6pm on Thursday 9 January and 11.30am the following day.

Entry was gained to the property via a rear conservatory door which had been left unlocked.

Cash and jewellery were taken, as well as two war medals - namely 'the Atlantic Star' and the 'Peace' medal, which were issued to servicemen and women after the Second World War.

Detective Constable Karen Jordan, from the Hemel Local Crime Unit, said: "Although the medals are common and of little monetary value, they are hugely sentimental to the victim who has been left very upset by what has happened.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have come across them to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who witnessed suspicious activity in the area between the times stated. Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email DC Jordan at _karen.jordan2@herts.pnn.police.uk_

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/2858/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately. **
**
