```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A tenant can no longer live at his private Redbourn property after a cannabis factory was found at his address in Linden Road.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2020
title: Full closure order after cannabis factory found in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/full-closure-order-after-cannabis-factory-found-in-st-albans-1532f
```

* ## A full closure order has been put on a private Redbourn property after a cannabis 'factory' was discovered.

 * ## A man has been arrested in connection to drugs offences.

 * ## More closure orders will take place across the St Albans district.

A tenant can no longer live at his private Redbourn property after a cannabis factory was found at his address in Linden Road.

The full closure order was placed on his property yesterday (Wednesday March 11). The action was taken by the Force's Community Safety Unit after three parcels addressed to different people at the address containing cannabis were intercepted by Royal Mail.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Jordon Fox said: "On Friday (March 6), officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team carried out a drugs warrant in Linden Road and discovered a cannabis 'factory' consisting of 27 cannabis plants, some of which were seven foot high. They were joined by the Operational Support Group, who were there to dismantle the 'factory' and the dangerous dogs team. The cannabis plants were seized and will be destroyed."
UK Power Networks were also called upon to make safe the electricity which had been bypassed to heat the cannabis plants, making it very dangerous.

St Albans Magistrates Court granted the closure order which means that no-one can enter the property for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a closure order had been met:

• That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises.

A 49-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of importation of drugs, being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs and cultivation of cannabis. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
The three parcels destined for the address were intercepted between February 26 and March 2 because they smelt of cannabis and had come from California. The parcels contained about £3,600 worth of cannabis.

Sergeant Fox said: "Thanks to Royal Mail alerting us, we were able to take quick action and we have been able to make safe a property which was dangerous due to the electricity being sourced by exposed wires and damaged electrical sockets. We have also been able to stop the cannabis being sold on the streets, often to vulnerable people, including children."

Community Safety Unit Sergeant Mike Saunders added: "This was a very unusual closure order as the house was owned privately. The seriousness of the offence meant that we had the power to ask the court to place a closure order on this property to safeguard his neighbours. No-one should have to live next door to a cannabis factory, especially one that dangerously uses electricity. We have put in several closure orders already this year and we will continue to do so.

"If you have concerns about a property near you, please don't hesitate to get in touch. You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101."

"If you have concerns about a property near you, please don't hesitate to get in touch. You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101."

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in St Albans using echo. Go to www.bit.ly/police-stalbans and have your say.
