```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following an incident on the A505.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal following road rage incident on A505
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-road-rage-incident-on-a505-1047
```

* ### A Vauxhall Corsa and Range Rover were involved in a 'road rage' incident.

 * ### The incident happened on Sunday 3 November, on the A505 between Hitchin and Luton.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses following an incident on the A505.

It happened on Sunday 3 November, between Hitchin and Luton, at around 5.45pm. A dark coloured Vauxhall Corsa and a light grey Range Rover were involved.

Damage was caused to the rear window of the other vehicle, causing it to shatter.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "We're aware that some time has passed since the incident took place, but we're making sure that we follow up all lines of enquiry.

"We're appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time who may have witnessed the incident, or events prior to it, to contact us.

"Alternatively, if you were driving in the same direction at around the same time, and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage to see if you have anything that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact DC Lomax at _Darren.Lomax@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/99775/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

 * A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage to a vehicle. He has since been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
