```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Additional police officers have been brought in to support the \u2018closed\u2019 football match in Watford at the Vicarage Road Stadium this Saturday, 26 September at 12.30pm."
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2020
title: Extra police resources for Watford vs Luton Town match
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/extra-police-resources-for-watford-vs-luton-town-match-0652
```

* ### Extra police brought in for Watford vs Luton Town fixture

 * ### Game being played behind closed doors and not televised

 * ### Expect high-visibility police presence in Watford

Additional police officers have been brought in to support the 'closed' football match in Watford at the Vicarage Road Stadium this Saturday, 26 September at 12.30pm.

The Championship match between Watford and Luton Town is being played behind closed doors due to COVID-19 restrictions. It will not be shown on TV or in pubs.

"I want to reassure our local communities that we are working closely with our colleagues in Bedfordshire, Watford Borough Council and the respective football clubs to limit anti-social behaviour and disorder," said Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls.

"We will have a high-visibility police presence at train stations and in city centres across Hertfordshire to make sure the match goes ahead peacefully as planned. I would like to remind supporters of both teams of the new Government rules of the 'rule of six' - no more than six people can meet in a group indoors or outdoors."

He continued: "Anyone who comes into Hertfordshire to cause criminal damage, violence or anti-social behaviour can expect to be arrested.

"If you have any information about supporters who intend to cause disruption, please report online at herts.police.uk/Report/ or call 101 in confidence."

An early kick-off was Hertfordshire Constabulary's preference as we look to minimise any possible impact on residents and businesses if fans choose to ignore warnings not to travel to Watford. Our advice is to stay at home.
