```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery at a jewellers in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of a man they would like to identify and trace as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2020
title: "Appeal following a robbery at jewellers \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-at-jewellers-hemel-hempstead-1486
```

* ### Detectives are investigating a robbery at a jewellers in Hemel Hempstead, where a white gold and diamond bracelet was stolen

 * ### They have released an image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries - do you recognise him?

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting crime reference 41/13239/20

Detectives investigating a robbery at a jewellers in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of a man they would like to identify and trace as part of their enquiries.

It happened at F. Hinds inside the Marlowes shopping centre between 4.45pm and 4.50pm on Wednesday 12 February.

A man entered the jewellers and requested to look at a white gold and diamond bracelet. As the female shop assistant was showing him the item, he snatched it from her hand and ran from the store.

Police have also released an image of the stolen bracelet as part of their appeal for information.

Detective Constable Gemma Ball, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This incident left the store colleagues understandably shaken as in his haste to get away with the bracelet the offender assaulted two members of staff, causing bruising.

"We have conducted extensive enquiries and believe the man pictured may have information about the incident, so we are very keen to identify and speak to him. We appreciate the image is not the highest resolution however perhaps you recognise the person's stance?

"Were you shopping in the Marlowes at around the time of the incident? Do you recall seeing a commotion near to the jewellers, or a man leaving the area in a rush?

"Have you seen a bracelet like this for sale on eBay or social media selling sites? Perhaps someone you know has been showing off their recent Valentine's gift?

"If you have any information that could be useful to us, even if you think it's insignificant, please get in touch."

If you have any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/13239/20**.

You can do this by emailing DC Ball at gemma.ball@herts.pnn.police.uk, reporting information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, using online web chat here or calling 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
