```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following incidents of anti-social behaviour in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following anti-social behaviour in Falcon Close, Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-anti-social-behaviour-in-falcon-close-hatfield-1085b
```

* ## Police were called at 10.08am on Tuesday 19 November to reports that eggs had been thrown at two cars parked in Falcon Close.

 * ## The victims told police that their cars had previously been targeted around two weeks before.

 * ## Patrols have been put in place to catch those responsible.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following incidents of anti-social behaviour in Hatfield.

Police were called at 10.08am on Tuesday 19 November to reports that eggs had been thrown at two cars parked in Falcon Close.

The victims told police that their cars had previously been targeted around two weeks before.

PC Jessica Gibbs, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "On two occasions eggs have been thrown at cars in Falcon Close and I would like to reassure residents that we are conducting patrols in the area to catch those responsible.

"This sort of anti-social behaviour is not only a major nuisance to those affected but it can be really intimidating.

"I am appealing for anyone who might have witnessed these incidents or has information about what happened to get in touch. If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting ISR 183 of November 19."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
