```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been charged with theft after a bike was stolen in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2020
title: Teenager charged following bike theft in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-following-bike-theft-in-hatfield-0040b
```

* ## An electric bike was stolen in College Lane, Hatfield, on Monday 16 March.

 * ## This week, a 17 year old boy was arrested and charged with theft.

 * ## The Specialized dark blue and red bike remains outstanding and anyone who has seen it should contact police.

A teenager has been charged with theft after a bike was stolen in Hatfield.

In the early hours of Monday 16 March, an electric bike was stolen from College Lane.

An investigation was carried out by the Constabulary's university policing team and following extensive CCTV enquiries, a teenager was arrested and charged with theft on Monday (13 April).

The teenager, a 17 year old boy from Welwyn Garden City, who cannot be named for legal reasons, will appear at St Albans Youth Court on Wednesday 20 May.

PC Jennifer Edwards said: "We understand how frustrating crime like this is and we do all we can to tackle it. I hope this result is reassuring to the local community and shows that it is still very much business as usual for the constabulary at this time.

"The bike is still outstanding at this time and I would urge anyone who has seen it or perhaps been offered it for sale to get in touch. The bike's make is Specialized and it is dark blue with red on the side.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind bike owners of the steps they can take to help protect their bike from theft. For example, we recommend that you lock your bike frame and your wheels to something with two different types of lock. It's important to invest in good quality security - we suggest spending between 10-15 per cent of the value of the bike on its security.

"It's also a good idea to register your bike at bikeregister.com If your bike does get stolen and is then found, this national register will help us to return it to you."

If you have information on the stolen bike, you can report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/23277/20. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

To find out more about the Constabulary's university policing team, please visit.

If you're a student and would like to give us feedback on our policing service, please let us know using our feedback system echo. Are you confident we are tackling crime? What matters most to you about policing in the student community? Text STUDENTVOICE to 66099 followed by your comments, or visit bit.ly/thestudent-voice.
