```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary will be honouring the one-minute silence as part of the national day of reflection on Tuesday 23 March, with the flag flying at half-mast outside police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2021
title: Taking a moment to reflect
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/taking-a-moment-to-reflect-1328all
```

* ## Constabulary marking national day of reflection.

 * ## Minute's silence and flag at half-mast for those who have sadly died.

 * ## Chief Constable thanks officers and staff for dedication.

Hertfordshire Constabulary will be honouring the one-minute silence as part of the national day of reflection on Tuesday 23 March, with the flag flying at half-mast outside police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

"We will be taking time to remember all those who have died during the pandemic, including much-loved serving and retired police officers and staff members, as we have not been able to mark their tragic passing as we normally would due to restrictions," said Chief Constable Charlie Hall.

"Police officers and staff will mark the minute's silence and our Constabulary flag will be flying at half-mast at police headquarters.

"As this year anniversary of the first lockdown passes with us all still living and working under lockdown, I also want to publicly thank my hardworking team - the officers and staff who have continued to work round-the-clock to keep people safe, during these difficult times.

"It hasn't been easy for our teams. They've been on patrol, working to keep people safe throughout the pandemic, potentially putting themselves at risk, wearing PPE to protect themselves where possible. And they've done a great job supporting our communities, engaging, explaining and encouraging members of the public to follow the rules and, if necessary, enforcing the legislation that was put in place to protect public health."

He added: "The vast majority of people have done the right thing and followed the rules over the last 12 months and, as we ease out of lockdown, I ask everyone to keep it up, to stick to the roadmap, and we can all play our part to gradually get back to normal life."

For further information on the current restrictions, you can visit the Government website (opens in a new window).

The constabulary has targeted patrols in high footfall areas and is working with local authorities, licensing authorities and businesses to ensure the rules are being followed.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Watford echo (opens in a new window) and tell us what you think.

Please don't use echo to report an ongoing crime or incident. Remember: if you believe a crime is in progress or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
