```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after an e-scooter was stolen during a robbery in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2020
title: E-scooter stolen during robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/e-scooter-stolen-during-robbery-in-hatfield-0504
```

* ### The incident occurred in Northdown Road.

 * ### The victim was kicked and elbowed before his scooter was stolen.

 * ### If you think you may have seen the scooter, please contact police.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after an e-scooter was stolen during a robbery in Hatfield.

The incident occurred in Northdown Road, at around 10.35pm on 7 August.

A 24-year-old man was riding the scooter when he was approached by a man and woman who asked for the time. The male then kicked and elbowed the victim and took the scooter, riding off towards Bishop's Rise.

The male is described as white, around 6ft tall, with a shaved head and of muscular build. He was wearing a white T-shirt with a design in the centre and black trousers. He spoke in an English accent.

The woman is described as white, aged between 18 and 21, around 5ft 3in tall, of slim build and had medium length blonde hair which was tied back in a bun. She was wearing a grey hoodie and white trainers.

The e-scooter is described as black, with red cables and radium reflective stickers on the base. It also had a silicone mobile phone holder attached to the handlebars, which have a small crack on the marble centrepiece. There is also a white scratch around the base of the scooter.

Detective Sergeant Bennett said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have seen the incident to please get in contact, especially if you have any mobile phone, CCTV or dash cam footage which may enable us to identify the suspects.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who may have come across the scooter, or seen it advertised for sale."

Anyone with information is asked to email grant.bennett@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/62747/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
