```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s been a tough year for police officers working in the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit who have worked extra hard during the pandemic to safeguard those experiencing domestic abuse."
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2021
title: Police officers from the domestic abuse unit donate food and toiletries
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officers-from-the-domestic-abuse-unit-donate-food-and-toiletries-1079all
```

* ## Police officers working in the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit went the extra mile to bring festive cheer to those they have already helped by contributing food and toiletries to Survivors against Domestic Abuse (SADA).

 * ## 2020 was SADA's busiest year, helping more victims of domestic abuse than ever before, and due to the third national lockdown are sadly expecting a high number of referrals this year too.

 * ## One of the recipients said they were overwhelmed by the level of support and help they had received from DAISU and were very touched by the thoughtful donations.

It's been a tough year for police officers working in the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit who have worked extra hard during the pandemic to safeguard those experiencing domestic abuse.

But they went the extra mile to bring festive cheer to those they have already helped by contributing food and toiletries to Survivors against Domestic Abuse (SADA), an organisation they work closely with.

Councillor Sharon Taylor, Leader of Stevenage Borough Council and Chair of Survivors against Domestic Abuse (SADA), said: "We are so grateful for the donations of food and toiletries from the police's domestic abuse unit.

"2020 was SADA's busiest year, helping more victims of domestic abuse than ever before, and due to the third national lockdown we're sadly expecting a high number of referrals this year too. If you, or anyone you know, needs free confidential advice and support please contact SADA today on 01462 242666. The service is open to men and women of any age."

Detective Sergeant Clare Cray from the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU) said: "We chose this organisation as we work closely with them and are aware of the excellent support they offer vulnerable domestic abuse victims across Stevenage, Welwyn Hatfield, Hertsmere, North Herts and East Herts."

One of the recipients said they were overwhelmed by the level of support and help they had received from DAISU and were very touched by the thoughtful donations.
