```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Watford
```

* ### Offenders gained access to a home in Norfolk Avenue, Watford.

 * ### Once inside they drew the curtains before carrying out an untidy search.

 * ### They took a significant amount of jewellery that is of sentimental value to the victims.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 8.30pm on Saturday, June 9 and 12.10pm the following day, offenders gained entry to a property in Norfolk Avenue.

Once inside they drew all of the curtains before carrying out an untidy search. They took a large amount of jewellery including women and men's watches, necklaces and rings, which have great sentimental value to the victims.

Detective Constable Judith Muskett, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area between the times stated to get in touch.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who believes they have either been offered stolen jewellery for sale or have seen them being offered for sale. You may have information that is vital to this investigation."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact DC Muskett by emailing judith.muskett@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling 101, quoting crime reference 41/6509/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
