```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire\u2019s newest Volunteer Police Cadet group launched in Bishop\u2019s Stortford this week."
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2018
title: "Police cadet scheme launches in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-cadet-scheme-launches-in-bishops-stortford1744a
```

* ### The group is the 11th to launch in the county.

 * ### More than 40 young people have signed up.

 * ### Several guests attended a launch event at the local fire station this week.

Hertfordshire's newest Volunteer Police Cadet group launched in Bishop's Stortford this week.

An event was held at the town's fire station on Wednesday evening (September 5) to welcome the 42 new recruits and give them a flavour of what's to come.

On the night, Chief Constable Charlie Hall addressed the cadets and assembled guests, including the High Sheriff of Hertfordshire Suzy Harvey, local Sergeant Mark Collins, fire station Commander Paul Redhead, 10 cadet leaders and local councillor Colin Woodward, who provided funding from his locality budget to help get the scheme up and running.

Representatives from the Army Cadet Force were also in attendance to help put the police cadets through their paces with drill practice and a bleep test.

Cadet group leader Detective Constable Rob Scott said: "I'm thrilled that this new group is up and running in Bishop's Stortford; we've had a lot of interest and it is already the second largest in the county. At the launch event, the new cadets were committed, enthusiastic and displayed excellent team work. I look forward to seeing how they progress over the coming months.

"I would once again like to pass on my thanks to everyone who helped launch the group and to those who gave their time to come along on the night."

Cllr Woodward said: "It was quite an uplifting evening to see so many young people turn up. I was particularly heartened by the commitment of Lieutenants Lawrence and Norman and the expert leading of drill practice, delivered by their young ACF non-commissioned officers and cadets. We have some amazingly mature young people in the town.

"Our cadets will soon be seen in uniform at community events in and around the town, supported by their mascot Mozart who, like all of us, visibly enjoyed the evening."

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

Groups are led by police officers, PCSOs and volunteers, and members gain an insight into a number of areas of policing.

If you're interested in finding out more about Hertfordshire's Volunteer Police Cadet programme, please visit https://www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Get-involved/Cadets/Cadets

The Bishop's Stortford Volunteer Police Cadet group launched this week
