```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has been charged following a distraction theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford where a mobile phone was stolen."
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2020
title: "Man charged following distraction theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-distraction-theft-in-bishops-stortford-0707
```

* ### A mobile phone was stolen after a woman was distracted in a cafe.

 * ### The phone was recovered after the woman realised what had happened.

 * ### A man has been charged and is due to appear in court.

A man has been charged following a distraction theft in Bishop's Stortford where a mobile phone was stolen.

Venus Tecaru, aged 28, from Elstree Gardens in Ilford, was charged with theft and has been bailed to appear before Stevenage Magistrates' Court on 11 November.

On Wednesday 30 September, a woman was sitting in a cafe in South Street with her friends, when a man entered and placed a laminated map on the table and attempted to engage the group in conversation.

He then picked up the map, along with the victim's mobile phone which was underneath it and walked off.

The victim's friend recalled seeing a police warning on social media about distraction thefts occurring in similar circumstances and asked the victim to check whether she still had her mobile phone or not.

It was quickly discovered missing and the victim chased after the man. The phone was subsequently discarded and members of the public continued to pursue him while the victim flagged down a police officer on patrol.

An arrest was subsequently made.

PC Stephen Gent, from the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "Thanks to the swift actions of all involved, we were able to make an arrest in connection with the incident and the victim's phone was returned.

"I hope this sends a message to anyone thinking of travelling to our town to commit crime that we are watching, patrols have been increased and it's only a matter of time until we catch up with you.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind people to remain vigilant while out and about. Please make sure that all valuable items, such as mobile phones, purses and wallets, are kept securely hidden from sight and never leave them on tables while out in bars, restaurants or cafes.

"If you witness any suspicious activity, please report it to police straight away."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If you think a crime is in progress always dial 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
