```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary will be carrying a week of action against vehicle crime from Monday December 3.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2018
title: Vehicle crime week of action
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Vehicle-crime-week-of-action-2151
```

* ## Police are carrying out a week of action against vehicle crime from Monday December 3

 * ## Officers will be giving out vehicle security advice and running crime prevention events during the week

 * ## More details of events will be posted on our social media accounts with the #VCAW hashtag

Hertfordshire Constabulary will be carrying out a week of action against vehicle crime from Monday December 3.

During the week teams across the county will be targeting those involved in motor vehicle crime. There will also be a range of crime prevention events going on across the county, which will include free tool marking, fitting of number plate security screws and giving out vehicle security advice.

In each part of the county teams will be focussing their activities around known vehicle crime areas and conducting covert operations to target those involved in vehicle crime.

Neighbourhood Watch Liaison Officers will be contacting local businesses and members of the public, to give advice on vehicle crime prevention and encouraging them to sign up to Business and Neighbourhood Watch (OWL) as well as promoting the Park Mark Scheme for car parks.

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit said: "There's been an increase in motor vehicle crime generally in Hertfordshire since April and we are determined to drive this type of crime down. The week of action will give us a good starting point to get this issue under control, by targeting those responsible and increasing our activity in areas where these crimes are occurring regularly.

"We will also be issuing vehicle security advice throughout the week via our social media channels to help drivers and businesses keep their vehicles secure. Look out for the #VCAW hashtag on our social media channels."

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Don't leave keys lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If your vehicle has a keyless entry system ensure you place the vehicle tablet key in your home address, as far away from the vehicle as possible, ideally place the key in a metal box.

To find out how to keep you vehicle secure follow @HertsPoliceCR on Twitter and visit our crime prevention pages.
