```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where a rogue trader targeted an elderly man in Hatfield have released images of a man they would like to speak to, as he may have information that could help the investigation.
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2019
title: Rogue trader targets vulnerable victim in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rogue-trader-targets-vulnerable-victim-in-hatfield-0891
```

* ### A rogue trader targeted a vulnerable man in Hatfield

 * ### The suspect stole the memory card from the victim's CCTV camera

 * ### Police are appealing for any information

Officers investigating an incident where a rogue trader targeted an elderly man in Hatfield have released images of a man they would like to speak to, as he may have information that could help the investigation.

The incident took place on Monday 23 September in De Havilland Close, at approximately 3pm.

The suspect, who had a ladder with him, 'checked' the roof and falsely told the victim that his roof was damaged, and claimed that he would repair it for £2,400 cash. He then went inside the victim's house.

It was later discovered that the memory card had been stolen from the victim's CCTV camera.

PC Aaron Taylor, from the Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a terrible crime on a vulnerable, elderly victim. Thankfully, he realised that this was a scam and challenged the offender.

"If you recognise the man pictured, please get in contact, as we believe that he may have been in the area at the time and could assist us with our investigation.

"I'm also appealing for anyone who may have any information, or who believes that they may have seen the incident take place, to please get in touch. If you were in the area around the time stated and believe that you saw a man with a ladder, please let us know as you may be able to help with our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Aaron Taylor directly via email at Aaron.Taylor@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web, chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/86749/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online via their untraceable online form.

 **Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help people protect themselves from rogue traders:**

 * If someone calls at your door offering to do some work for you, do not agree to the work there and then or part with any cash.
 * Don't take their word that the work needs to be done. Ask for a written quote on headed paper and if you think it does need to be done then get quotes from other local companies or ask friends and relatives for a recommendation.
 * If you are in doubt, take information and contact Citizens Advice Consumer Service on 03454 04 05 06 to check their legitimacy.
