```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is today (February 12) launching a new team which will enhance the force\u2019s response to missing people so frontline officers have more time to spend on physically searching for people."
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary launches new team to support missing person investigations
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-launches-new-team-to-support-missing-person-investigations-1601ALL
```

* ### New missing person unit launches in Hertfordshire.

 * ### The Locate Team will support frontline police officers.

 * ### It is hoped missing people will be found more quickly.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new team which will enhance the force's response to missing people so frontline officers have more time to spend on physically searching for people. The main objective of this introduction is to ensure that missing people are found as quickly as possible and returned safely to their families

The Locate Team, which comprises nine Assistant Investigators and a team manager, serves the whole of the county and works with operational police officers to assist with missing person investigations.

The team aims to reduce pressure on frontline officers by taking on desk based investigations such as liaising with families of the missing person, speaking to witnesses, screening CCTV, obtaining mobile phone data and coordinating with relevant partner agencies. Previously frontline officers had responsibility to complete all missing person enquires. The introduction of the new team will mean that these officers will now be able to spend more time physically going out to search for missing people, as well as respond to other emergency incidents.

Senior Constabulary officers identified a need to develop the force's response to missing person enquiries as the amount reported in Hertfordshire more than doubled over the past few years. This increase includes high risk cases, however the vast majority of missing people are low to medium risk and on average officers deal with 13 news cases each day across the county. During 2016 a total of 3245 people were graded as medium risk. This increased to 4005 in 2017 and, of this figure, 1160 were adults and 2845 were children - some of which are reported missing many times.

The team works alongside a number of policing teams including Intervention (emergency response), Safer Neighbourhood Teams, the Operational Support Group, Community Safety Units and Safeguarding and Children and Young People. It also works with the Missing Person Unit, which is based at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, and focuses on working with partnership agencies to develop longer term strategies to reduce the number of times people repeatedly go missing.

Locate Team Manager Fraser Wylie said: "It's great to be a part of this new team. We are looking forward to getting involved in investigations and ultimately doing everything we can to make sure that missing people are found as quickly as possible and returned safely to their families. As we are taking on such a large part of the work which was undertaken by frontline officers, I am confident we will be able to achieve this."

LPC Commander Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls developed the concept of the Locate Team in its early planning stages alongside other senior officers. He said: "It is fantastic to see our initial concept come into existence. I look forward to seeing the tangible difference they will make to frontline policing and helping us to find missing people as quickly as possible and to ensure that they are safe.

"This extra resource will help the Constabulary to be more engaging with people who have the potential to go missing, their families and partner agencies with the overall aim of reducing the number of cases, providing a better service, more care to vulnerable people and reducing demand on frontline officers."

It can be a distressing experience when someone goes missing, however it is important to take immediate action, especially if that person could be in danger. If someone is missing and you are concerned, report them as missing to us via 101. If a child, vulnerable person or someone who may be at risk of coming to harm goes missing you should contact us immediately by calling 999. You do not have to wait 24 hours before reporting a person as missing. For further information on what to do if someone close to you is missing, please click on this link.
