```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2018
title: Robbery in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-abbots-langley-1898C
```

* ### The incident occurred in Tibbs Hill Road at around 4am.

 * ### A man in his 50s sustained injuries to his face and ribs.

 * ### Witnesses are being asked to contact police with information.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Abbots Langley.

The incident occurred in Tibbs Hill Road at around 4am today (Thursday, October 11).

A man aged in his 50s was walking to work when he was approached by two males who demanded money and property from him.

One of the males threatened the victim with a knife, before he was pushed to the ground, kicked and punched.

The suspects then made off in the direction of Bedmond with the victim's black rucksack.

The first suspect is described as a young, mixed race male, wearing a black puffa style jacket. The second suspect is described as a young, white male, wearing an orange jumper.

Detective Sergeant Rob Muir, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an unprovoked attack which saw the victim sustain a cut to his head and bruising to his ribs. We are currently doing all we can to trace those responsible.

"I appreciate the incident occurred during the early hours but that may mean someone would remember seeing these two males in the area around the time. If you have any information which could assist our enquiries, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DS Muir via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/45071/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
