```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents living in Hertford are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2020
title: Have your say on policing priorities in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-policing-priorities-in-hertford-1543a
```

* ## People are being asked for their views on what local officers should be focussing on.

 * ## Feedback can be given using the 'echo' platform.

 * ## Officers will consider the information at the next Priority Setting Forum meeting.

Residents living in Hertford are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.

Ahead of the next Priority Setting Forum (PSF) meeting later this month, people are being asked to make suggestions on what they feel the Safer Neighbourhood Team should be focusing their efforts on for the next three months.

Local officers and partner agencies will then review submissions from the community, alongside police reports around threat and demand, before officially setting the priorities.

You can give your views now via the Constabulary's feedback service echo, using the following link: bit.ly/police-hford

Neighbourhood Sergeant Dominic Fitzgerald said: "We are committed to working with local communities to help tackle any issues they may be facing. The echo platform is a great way for members of the public to engage with us and to help set our priorities for the coming months. If you would like to have your say, please submit your feedback before Tuesday 31 March."

The echo service should not be used to report crime, this can be done in the following ways:

Report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
