```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men posing as gardeners to steal from elderly residents in Hertsmere were sentenced on Wednesday (October 11) at St Albans Crown Court.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2017
title: Gardening conmen in Hertsmere sent to prison
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Gardening-conmen-in-Hertsmere-sent-to-prison
```

Two men posing as gardeners to steal from elderly residents in Hertsmere were sentenced on Wednesday (October 11) at St Albans Crown Court.

The victims, mostly elderly, who reported it to police all called a fake gardening company trading as Benson's Tree Services and Lambert's Tree Services, following a leaflet drop in Bushey, Borehamwood and Bishop's Stortford earlier this year (March /April).

A group of men turned up at the addresses and asked the occupants not to go into their homes whilst other men distracted the victims on the pretense of doing some odd jobs and gardening work. They then stole jewellery and thousands of pounds worth of cash whilst causing damage to gardens and outbuildings.

Kenny Hughes, aged 25, of Cranfield Park Avenue in North Benfleet in Essex was sentenced to six years imprisonment for conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to burgle.

Neiko Simpson, aged 22, of Ravenscourt Drive in Basildon, was sentenced to 15 months for conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to burgle, to run concurrently.

A 32-year-old man from Basildon is also due to be summoned to court in connection with these offences.

_Between 11am and 11.30am on Monday April 24, the two men were at an address in Cromwell Road in Borehamwood after the victim called Benson 's Trees. The men agreed to sell her a garden shed for £300 and asked the victim to leave her PIN number with them whilst other offenders destroyed her existing shed. One of the men went in to the house and stole jewellery and cash before being challenged. (J1/17/1756)._

_Between 10.30am and 11am on April 24, the men stole jewellery and a substantial amount of cash from an address in Stanley Gardens in Borehamwood. (J1/17/1760)._

_Between 1.30pm and 3pm on April 22, the men stole a debit card and jewellery from an address in Richfield Road in Bushey (J2/17/536)._

_On March 24, a woman was quoted £700 for gardening work by the men, which increased to £1,500 in Ward Crescent in Bishop's Stortford. The 'work' was not what she had asked for and was sub-standard (A2/17/626)._

_On March 29, a woman was asked to pay £400 for an over-hanging tree in her neighbours' garden in Ward Crescent in Bishop's Stortford. The offenders requested her bank card and PIN number when she said she didn't have the money. (A2/17/633)_

Detective Constable Phil Terry from Operation Manhunt, which investigates distraction burglaries and other crimes that target the elderly and vulnerable, said: "These men deliberately deceived elderly members of the public before stealing from them. The impact of these crimes is immense and it has had a detrimental effect on the health of some of the victims. I'm glad the courts handed them custodial sentences and hope this reassures the public that we will do everything we can to bring callous conmen before the courts."

She added: "Please don't feel pressured into buying services from cold callers - it's always best to get personal recommendation and please look out for your elderly or vulnerable relatives or neighbours."
