```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thursday, June 20 marks the first national Surveillance Camera Day, with organisations across the UK debating the use of the latest technology.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2019
title: "Caught on camera \u2013 national Surveillance Camera Day"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Caught-on-camera\u2013national-Surveillance-Camera-Day-0402"
```

Thursday, June 20 marks the first national Surveillance Camera Day, with organisations across the UK debating the use of the latest technology.

Surveillance Camera Day, which is being organised by the Surveillance Camera Commissioner's office in conjunction with the Centre for Research into Information, Surveillance and Privacy (CRISP), is looking to encourage a conversation about the use of surveillance cameras in modern society.

"Day in, day out, our officers find CCTV images and surveillance camera footage invaluable in carrying out their investigations into crimes and incidents across Hertfordshire," said Hertfordshire Constabulary Chief Constable Charlie Hall.

"This technology is evolving rapidly and police forces need to evolve with it. Each month, we use numerous images captured on surveillance cameras to appeal for witnesses and information about all kinds of crimes. Sharing these images on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter, helps spread our plea for information and raises awareness of crime, and can result in suspects being identified."

He added: "We are grateful to the town centre CCTV operators, businesses, homeowners and drivers who share their footage as a valuable tool to help us solve crime and protect communities."

Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit use automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) to trace vehicles being used for criminal activity and analysts can apply to access camera footage from other partners, like Transport for London, for example, to build a clear picture about where a suspect can be located.

"We also recognise the need to be very responsible in the way that we collect and use information obtained from surveillance cameras. Whilst they clearly provide a powerful crime fighting tool and help to keep the public safe, it is important we also maintain the confidence of the public in our use of such technology. We are very strict that any images or data obtained is only ever to be used for policing purposes and we audit our systems and users regularly to ensure this is the case."

To join the UK-wide Surveillance Camera Day debate, search #cameraday2019
