```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2020
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-hatfield-0858b
```

* ## Officers are investigating after the windscreen of a blue Vauxhall Corsa was smashed in Hatfield.

 * ## It happened in Garden Avenue on Wednesday 4 November,

 * ## If you saw what happened or have information, call 101 or email PC Callum Walford at callum.walford2@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting 41/89598/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Hatfield.

Between 6.30pm and 7.45pm on Wednesday 4 November, the windscreen of a blue Vauxhall Corsa parked in Garden Avenue was smashed.

PC Callum Walford, from the Welwyn Hatfield Intervention Team, said: "The damage to the windscreen cost hundreds of pounds to repair.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened or anyone with information about the incident to get in touch.

"Were you in the area at the time? Did you see or hear anything suspicious?

"If you think you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email PC Callum Walford quoting crime reference 41/89598/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Welwyn, Hatfield echo and tell us your thoughts.
