```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a handbag in Watford have released images of two men they would like to trace as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: CCTV appeal after handbag theft - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-after-handbag-theft-watford-0168
```

* ### Do you recognise the people pictured?

 * ### Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into the theft of a handbag in Watford

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/29401/19

Officers investigating the theft of a handbag in Watford have released images of two men they would like to trace as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Grove Mill Lane between 2.30pm and 4pm on Sunday, March 31.

The victim, a woman in her 50s, went for a walk in Whippendell Woods with her husband and on returning to her car, realised her handbag had been taken from inside the vehicle.

Her debit cards were later used in a number of transactions in Watford, Mill End and Hemel Hempstead.

PCSO Dean Redhead, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We would be very keen to identify the two people pictured as we believe they may have vital information that could progress our investigation. If you recognise them, please contact us."

You can email PCSO Redhead at _dean.redhead@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/29401/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice regarding vehicle crime:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.
