```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Hitchin are appealing for help and information after a man was racially abused and then assaulted in Hitchin town centre.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following racially aggravated assault in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-racially-aggravated-assault-in-hitchin-1177g
```

* ## A man was verbally and physically abused in Hitchin town centre on Saturday 14 December.

 * ## It was reported that he was approached by a group of five or six white males.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers in Hitchin are appealing for help and information after a man was racially abused and then assaulted in Hitchin town centre.

The incident occurred on Saturday 14 December at about 1.30am. A 31 year old man was in Sun Street, when he was approached by a group of 5-6 white men who verbally abused him before taking hold of his turban and then pushing him over. One of the men was described as having a shaved head.

Investigating officer PC Matt Hopkins said: "We are appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed the assault, or anyone who may have information which could help the investigation to get in touch with us.
"This type of behaviour is completely unacceptable and we take all reports of racial abuse and assault very seriously."

Anyone with any information should contact PC Matt Hopkins via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/112135/19. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
