```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A woman has been jailed for fraud after pleading guilty to stealing over \xA32 million from her employer."
publish:
  date: 13 Sep 2019
title: "Gambler jailed after stealing \xA32m from employer"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/gambler-jailed-after-stealing-2m-from-employer-748
```

* ### Woman from Hemel Hempstead jailed for 5 years 10 months

 * ### She plead guilty to stealing more than £2million from her employer

 * ### She was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on 9 September

A woman has been jailed for fraud after pleading guilty to stealing over £2 million from her employer.

Joyce Baker, aged 61, of Briary Way, Hemel Hempstead, stole the money from the Berkhamsted-based company over a period of six years, in order to fund a lavish lifestyle and gambling addiction.

Baker appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 9 September where she plead guilty to fraud by abuse of position and eight breaches of a financial restraining order. She was sentenced to five years and 10 months in prison.

Detective Constable Liz Heath, of Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "Baker used her trusted position within the company to steal from her employer and conceal that the money was being siphoned into bank accounts she owned. Between 2012 and 2018 she was able to transfer small payments of a few thousand pounds disguised as payments to suppliers.

"It wasn't until Baker left the company that her financial activities came to light, but by this time the company had lost over £2m. After months of careful investigation we were able to gather enough evidence to build a case against her. Our investigators have done a great job and are now attempting to recover the stolen money through the Proceeds of Crime Act, by seizing assets belonging to the offender. The sentence handed out reflects the scale of the fraud and the impact her actions had on the company and its employees."
