```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to prison after being found guilty of committing burglaries in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2019
title: Man sentenced to prison following burglaries in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-prison-following-burglaries-in-welwyn-garden-city-2644b
```

* ### Dean Harper, age 45 of Moatwood Green, Welwyn Garden City, has been sentenced to 46 weeks in prison.

 * ### He stole items from Gosling Sports Park, Woodhall Community Centre and The Stanborough Beefeater.

 * ### Harper was arrested on Friday, February 22 in Woodhall Parade.

A man has been sentenced to prison after being found guilty of committing burglaries in Welwyn Garden City.

Dean Harper, age 45 of Moatwood Green, Welwyn Garden City, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Monday, February 25 and was sentenced to 46 weeks in prison.

On Wednesday, February 6, Harper gained access to an office in Gosling Sports Park on Stanborough Road before taking staff members' bags.

On Thursday, February 7 into Friday, February 8, Harper gained access to a staff office in Woodhall Community Centre in Mill Green Road and took keys.

On Thursday, February 21, Harper gained access to the staff locker room at The Stanborough Beefeater in Stanborough Road. He took multiple personal possessions, including bags, purses, wallets and clothing. Harper was found guilty of fraud by false representation after using a bank card that he had stolen during the burglary.

Harper was arrested on Friday, February 22 in Woodhall Parade. At court on Monday, he was also found guilty of being in possession of nine wraps of cocaine at the time.

Detective Constable David Johnson, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "We will do all we can to trace those responsible for committing burglaries across Welwyn Hatfield. I am glad that Harper has been brought to justice and I hope that the sentence reassures residents.

"If you spot suspicious activity, please never hesitate to report it to us. Remember, if a crime is in action or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away."
