```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: There are now more benefits than ever of being a Hertfordshire Special Constable as two recruits, embarking on an ambitious career development scheme, have found out.
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary leading the way for Specials career development
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-leading-the-way-for-specials-career-development-0543
```

* ### Hertfordshire is leading the way nationally with a 'Career Pathways' pilot scheme that aims to create more opportunities for Special Constables to progress

 * ### SC Carl Powell and SC Anna-Maria Wick are taking part on the scheme and have revealed how it's helping them

 * ### If you'd like to be a Special Constable, visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk

There are now more benefits than ever of being a Hertfordshire Special Constable as two recruits, embarking on an ambitious career development scheme, have found out.

Special Constables are part-time, voluntary police officers with all the same powers as regular officers. The Special Constabulary are a valuable asset in keeping the county safe and in recognition of this, Hertfordshire is leading the way nationally with a 'Career Pathways' pilot scheme that aims to create more opportunities for them to progress.

The Career Pathways scheme allows Specials the chance to gain experience in specialisms including:

 * Rural policing
 * Operation Scorpion (plain clothes duties, proactively targeting those who commit burglaries, robberies, drug and vehicle-related crime)
 * Recruitment
 * Investigative support (including safeguarding, modern slavery and human trafficking and the Major Crime Unit)

Each pathway has a structured training programme and aims to further boost closer integration with regular officers. The goals of the scheme are to help Specials who are interested in joining the regulars and enhance the job satisfaction of those who view being a Special as their second career.

Special Constable Carl Powell is just one of many officers who is reaping the rewards of Career Pathways. SC Powell, who owns a company providing project management professional services to the broadcast IT and media industry, has been volunteering with Operation Scorpion for around ten months and has been a Special for two years. Last year, he was nominated for the Constabulary's Special of the Year, receiving a highly commended award as a result.

He said: "From an early age I had a desire to become a police officer. At that time, I wasn't tall enough so life took a different direction which provided me with opportunities to travel and work all over the world gaining vital life experience which has shaped me into the person and the Special Constable I am today.

"I saw Career Pathways as an amazing opportunity to specialise in a particular field of police work that has always interested me. I'd worked with Scorpion a few times on ANPR (automatic number plate recognition) operations and it really appealed to me. Looking back, it was the best thing I have ever done. I am fortunate to work with an amazing team who have accepted me into the role; they are hugely supportive as well as encouraging.

To ensure he has all the skills for the job, the Constabulary has supported SC Powell with police driving courses, ANPR and Means of Entry (MOE) training. The latter allows SC Powell to effect entry into business or residential premises on warrants.

He added: "I particularly enjoy the early morning warrants. Being the first through the door of a suspected drug dealer's house at 6am and barging into their bedroom to arrest them certainly gets the adrenaline pumping! My work as a Special is so rewarding; it's brilliant to be able to make a difference to the county that I live and raise my family in. If I can do it, then anyone can!"

Special Constable Anna-Marie Wick is another officer who is acquiring new skills through Career Pathways.

SC Wick, who works as a self-employed cleaner, joined the Special Constabulary three years ago to help regain her confidence in the workplace after being a stay at home mum for nearly a decade. Eager for a challenge, she decided to embark on Career Pathways and since January, she has been working in the Major Crime Unit - a team who investigate murders, kidnaps and other serious crimes.

She said: "Through Career Pathways, I've worked on major investigations, speaking to potential witnesses to reassure them and gather evidence, and transcribing important information. I enjoy working in an office environment and it's been really good seeing how the whole process works in getting a case to court.

SC Wick continued: "All my training was done on the job each time I came in, which was really convenient and meant I could fit it in with my childcare arrangements."

In 2019, SC Wick was nominated for the Constabulary's Special of the Year - one of many memorable moments in her career as a Special.

She said: "Being nominated was an amazing feeling. It's so fulfilling to know that your voluntary work is helping your regular colleagues in their day-to-day job. I feel really respected by my team and I love the excitement of coming into work and not knowing what you'll be walking into!

"To anyone thinking of becoming a Special; I couldn't recommend it more. Taking part in Career Pathways has given me so many opportunities and I feel incredibly lucky to have such an exciting and rewarding job."

If you'd like to be a Special Constable, visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk for more information.

** **
