```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Stapleford, near Hertford.
publish:
  date: 28 May 2020
title: Appeal following serious collision near Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-near-hertford-0162
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a collision on the A119.

 * ### One vehicle was involved in the collision, a black Volkswagen Polo.

 * ### A woman in her 50s was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Stapleford, near Hertford.

On Tuesday 26 May, just before 11pm, a black Volkswagen Polo that was travelling south on the A119 left the road, for reasons unknown at this stage. The vehicle collided with a lamppost, and ended up on its roof.

The driver of the vehicle - a woman in her 50s - was taken to hospital with serious injuries, where she remains at this time.

Sergeant William Hood, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the collision, or the events leading up to it, to get in contact with me as soon as possible.

"Alternatively, if you were driving near the area at the time and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review your footage and send us anything you think may be relevant to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PS Hood directly via email at william.hood@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **Op Thapsia**. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
