```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding residents to keep their homes secure and report suspicious behaviour as the afternoon and evenings grow darker.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2017
title: More ways to make your home secure this autumn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/More-ways-to-make-your-home-secure-this-autumn
```

* ### **Residents can make homes safer using modern security devices**

 * ### **Make your home appear lived in to deter burglars**

 * ### **Visit** **www.owlprotect.uk** **for discounts on security products**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding residents to keep their homes secure and report suspicious behaviour as the afternoon and evenings grow darker.

During the autumn and winter burglaries often increase, so police will be focusing on burglary as a priority with targeted patrols, and also providing residents with advice on home security, property marking and general crime prevention.

Safer neighbourhood officers will be holding crime prevention events across the county giving away free burglary prevention packs and offering advice on keeping homes and valuables safe.

Residents are also being advised to make their homes as secure as possible and consider installing some of the new security devices which have come onto the market lately. There is now a variety of inexpensive security lights and wifi-enabled doorbell cameras and interior cameras fitted with motion sensors, which enable you to monitor your home remotely using your phone.

These kinds of devices can be easily installed for minimal expense and have been successful in thwarting a number of burglaries across the country.

Residents can make their homes more secure by following some basic crime prevention advice such as:

 * **Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.**
 * **Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.**
 * **Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV. **
 * **Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.**
 * **Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.**
 * **Join Hertfordshire 's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: ****www.owl.co.uk**.
 * **Visit** **www.owlprotect.uk** for discounts on security products.

For more crime prevention advice visit **www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome** and **www.hertscitizensacademy.org.**

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Making your home as secure as possible is the best way to keep your home and valuables safe. Making use of low cost security products can add that extra bit of security and may help police to catch those involved in criminal activity. Whilst crime is comparatively low in Hertfordshire, burglaries often rise during the autumn and winter, so residents should do all they can to prevent themselves becoming a victim, by making sure their homes are secure, reporting suspicious behaviour and joining a neighbourhood watch scheme."

Local Policing Command Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: ""There have been some great advances in home security technology and the costs are coming down all the time. Whilst it is still important to remember to secure windows and double-lock PVCu doors, by lifting the handle and turning the key to engage all the safety features, there are now security cameras and lighting that can help to make your home even safer.

"Criminals will always prefer to target unoccupied homes. If you give your home a lived in look, by using a timer switch to turn on a light, radio or tv, when it gets dark then criminals are more likely to avoid your home."
