```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have issued a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft."
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following theft - Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-bishopsstortford-2094A
```

* ### Between 1.15pm and 1.40pm on Friday, September 7, a 55 year old woman had her purse stolen in Waitrose car park in Northgate Road.

 * ### The man pictured is believed to have been in the area at the time and may be able to help officers.

 * ### If you recognise him, or have information about the theft, contact PCSO Tea Prow on 101 or at tea.prow@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/34621/18.

Officers in Bishop's Stortford have issued a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft.

Between 1.15pm and 1.40pm on Friday, September 7, a 55 year old woman had her purse stolen in Waitrose car park in Northgate Road.

The man pictured is believed to have been in the area at the time and may be able to help officers.

PCSO Tea Prow from the Bishop's Stortford & Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We've conducted extensive enquiries and I'd now like to ask the public for their help in identifying the man pictured. He could have vital information that will help us.

"If you recognise him, or have information about the theft, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or email, quoting crime reference 41/34621/18. You can also report information online.

"With the shops getting busier in the lead-up to Christmas, I would like to remind shoppers to remain vigilant. Remember to always keep your bag in sight. It can be a good idea to wear your bag diagonally across yourself so that you have it close to you at all times. If you keep your purse in a shopping bag, put your purse at the bottom and not near the top, and use a shopping bag that can be closed if possible."

You can also contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **

CCTV image
