```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Waltham Cross, where some distinctive jewellery was stolen, are asking for potential witnesses to come forward, as they may have information that could assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following a burglary in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-burglary-in-waltham-cross-1511k
```

* ## Officers investigating a burglary in Waltham Cross are asking for potential witnesses to come forward.

 * ## The incident happened in Dewhurst Road on 5 February.

 * ## Some items of distinctive jewellery as well as several mobile phones were stolen.

Officers investigating a burglary in Waltham Cross, where some distinctive jewellery was stolen, are asking for potential witnesses to come forward, as they may have information that could assist with their investigation.

The incident happened between 10-11pm on Wednesday 5 February in Dewhurst Road.

Offenders entered the address through the back gate, the property was then ransacked.

Some personalised jewellery was stolen, as well as several mobile phones.

The suspects have all been described as men dressed in dark clothing.

Detective Constable Richard Webster, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "Having your home burgled can be very traumatic for victims involved.

"In this case, the victims were on holiday and I would want to remind you to follow our advice on our website to know how to prevent your home from being targeted when you're away."

"Please get in touch if you have any information that could help with our investigation, no matter how small."

Anyone who recognises this person is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/11075/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

**_Going on holiday_**

There are ways to give your home the 'lived in' look when it's unoccupied, so that any passing would-be thieves aren't tempted:

 * Close and lock all windows, doors and outbuildings.
 * Don't publish your absence on the Internet. Status updates, comments and photos can all give away the fact that your home is empty.
 * Use timer switches for lamps so that they turn on as it gets dark in the evenings. You could also use a timer switch for a radio (always follow manufacturer's instructions).
 * Ask your neighbour to put your rubbish or recycling bins back if they're being collected whilst you're away - if they're left out after collection day it could indicate to a passing thief that your house is unoccupied. Be a good neighbour and do the same for them.
 * If you aren't leaving your car at home, ask a neighbour/friend to park their car on your drive.
 * Don't forget to cancel deliveries of milk, newspapers etc.
 * Consider moving enticing items, such as laptops and mobile devices, so that they are out of sight.
 * You could store valuables in your loft when you go away.
 * If you are away for a longer period of time in the summer months, ask your neighbour to cut your grass. This helps to show that the house may be occupied.
 * You could also ask someone you trust to help give your home the lived-in look by opening and drawing the curtains, taking in any free newspapers and moving your mail away from the letterbox.
 * All these tips can help to give your home the 'lived-in' look.
