```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A record number of knives have been surrendered in Hertfordshire as the latest knife amnesty comes to a close.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2019
title: Record number of knives surrendered in latest amnesty
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/record-number-of-knives-surrendered-in-latest-amnesty-2754
```

* ### Record number of knives surrendered in latest amnesty.

 * ### 680 knives surrendered at locations across the county.

 * ### Knife sweeps, detection arches and test purchasing carried out as part of the amnesty.

A record number of knives have been surrendered in Hertfordshire as the latest knife amnesty comes to a close.

The Force has been taking part in the national event which ran from March 11 to March 17. This latest amnesty has resulted in the largest haul to date of unwanted knives and other potential weapons in the county.

The amnesty was part of a national campaign, Operation Sceptre, being run by police forces across the country to reduce the number of illegal knives in circulation. Due to an increase in knife-related incidents across the country over the last three years, the amnesty provided a great opportunity to issue some strong messages and advice about the risks of carrying a knife in public.

During the amnesty 680 knives were deposited in the bins at police stations in Hatfield (216), Stevenage (105) and Watford (78) which included swords, military knives, knuckle dusters and a large amount of kitchen knives. Over 250 items were surrendered during operations in Potters Bar, 21 were surrendered at bins in St Albans Civic Centre and seven knives were also surrendered in the permanent bins located in Waltham Cross.

Other activities carried out during the campaign included test purchasing operations with cadets, to ensure retailers were adhering to laws regarding knife sales to those under 18.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd, said: "These amnesties are an integral part of Hertfordshire's Serious Violence Strategy to reduce the number of knives on the streets, but also to send the message out that carrying a knife won't keep you safe.

"The response from the public has been very good and we have had some great feedback. However, we all need to continue to work together In Hertfordshire to ensure young people are aware of the risks of carrying a knives."

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit who led the campaign, said: "Once again we've had a great response to the amnesty, with more knives handed in than during our previous amnesties. The amnesties not only reduce the number of knives in circulation but also gives forces a good platform to conduct a whole range of related operations including knife sweeps, knife arch detections and test purchase operations.

"The amnesties form part of our three year Serious Violence Strategy for dealing with knife crime in the county. As part of this strategy we are working with our partners in education, local government and social services to educate young people about the potential consequences of carrying a knife. We will also be looking at the impact that knife crime has on individuals, their families and communities and how knives are getting into the hands of under 18 years olds. The unlawful use or possession of a knife is unacceptable and will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire' and we will continue to target those we know are carrying knives."
