```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Cheshunt are appealing to trace anyone who may have witnessed the incident.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-cheshunt-2319k
```

* #### At around 9.30pm on Sunday, December 16, a man was allegedly assaulted on the High Street in Cheshunt

 * #### After getting off the bus near The Anchor Pub, the victim was approached by a tall, black man who knocked him over before walking off.

 * #### Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/67991/18.

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Cheshunt are appealing to trace anyone who may have witnessed the incident.

It is reported to have happened in the High Street at around 9.30pm on Sunday, December 16.

The victim, a man in his 40s, got off the bus stop near The Anchor Pub and was approached by a tall, black man who knocked him over before walking off.

The offender came from the direction of Turnford.

Police Constable Sharnie Davidson, from the Cheshunt Intervention team, said: "We are continuing our enquiries into this incident but are particularly keen to trace any witnesses who were in the area at the time.

"If a friend or family member has spoken to you about an incident like this or similar, we would also like to hear from you."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Davidson by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/67991/18. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
