```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 18 May 2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following a serious collision \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-serious-collision-hemel-hempstead-0130
```

* ### Police are investigating following a serious collision in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### It happened on Hemel Hempstead Road just after midday on Saturday 16 May

 * ### A man aged in his 20s was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition

Officers investigating a serious collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.

It happened just after 12.05pm on Saturday 16 May on Hemel Hempstead Road, near the junction with Wood End Farm.

A grey Ford Kuga was in collision with a pedestrian, a man aged in his 20s. The pedestrian suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital by ambulance. He remains in a critical but stable condition.

The driver of the Ford, a woman aged in her 60s, was uninjured and remained at the scene. An air ambulance attended the incident and paramedics gave the pedestrian treatment at the scene, before he was taken to hospital via road. His next of kin have been made aware and are being supported by officers.

The road was closed for several hours while officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit (BCH RPU) conduced initial enquiries at the scene. The road reopened at 4.10pm.

Sergeant Tom Daly, from the BCH RPU, said: "We have already spoken to a number of witnesses, but if you saw the collision and think you may have information that could assist our investigation then please get in touch.

"If you were travelling along Hemel Hempstead Road at the time of the collision and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please contact us as you may have captured something significant."

You can email Sergeant Daly at tom.daly@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 269 of 16 May,** or **Operation Catamaran**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
