```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Nineteen people were issued \xA3200 fines for breaching the coronavirus laws and attending a 30th birthday party at a holiday home in Hertfordshire last weekend."
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2020
title: Nineteen 30th birthday partygoers fined
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/nineteen-30th-birthday-partygoers-fined-0970
```

* ### Residents reported a 30th birthday party breaching COVID-19 laws

 * ### Lots of people from different households were celebrating with loud music and fireworks

 * ### Police dispersed the gathering and issued 19 £200 fines to partygoers

Nineteen people were issued £200 fines for breaching the coronavirus laws and attending a 30th birthday party at a holiday home in Hertfordshire last weekend.

Police were called by several members of the community who reported loud music, fireworks and a clear breach of the rule of six in Letchmore Heath, Watford, at 10.55pm on Saturday 5 December.

On attending they found a large number of people in the garden and inside the property, with DJ mixing decks, amplifiers and party food.

Officers issued a total of 19 £200 fixed penalty notices to party-goers, who were from Essex and North London.

"Officers found a large group of people celebrating a 30th birthday with the attitude of most of the partygoers being that they didn't think they were doing anything wrong," said Superintendent Mike Todd from Hertfordshire Constabulary.

"Most people are doing their best to follow the regulations in place to reduce the spread of COVID-19, protect the NHS and save lives. Hertfordshire Constabulary continues to play our part in the national effort.

"Our approach throughout has been to support the public in following the regulations by engaging, explaining and encouraging, and enforcing with a fine as a last resort. That will continue, but where people knowingly breach the regulations that are there to protect us all, as in this case, they should expect to have enforcement action taken against them.

"Thank you to the vast majority of the public for sticking to the rules and following the guidance in place to help limit the spread of the virus."

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

Please ensure you understand GOV.UK's guidance before you report a possible breach via your local borough or district council. If you're not sure which district you're in, you can use the county council website's postcode finder.
