```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Several drivers were spoken to by police after they were caught speeding during a traffic operation in Dacorum.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2018
title: Speed enforcement action in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/speed-enforcement-action-in-dacorum
```

* ### Residents have raised concerns about speeding in Kings Langley, Chipperfield and Bovingdon.

 * ### Two people were issued with Traffic Offence Reports for excess speed.

 * ### Further operations are planned.

Several drivers were spoken to by police after they were caught speeding during a traffic operation in Dacorum.

Following contact from concerned residents about motorists exceeding the speed limit in Kings Langley, Chipperfield and Bovingdon, officers will be holding regular operations to crackdown on those breaking the law.

During their latest event PC Karl Diggins and PCSOs Ian Martin and Bardhyl Agallili used a laser device (speed gun) to check the speed of those travelling along Watford Road into Kings Langley and on Tower Hill in Chipperfield, towards Bovingdon.

Two Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) were issued and more than 10 drivers were given words of advice.

PC Karl Diggins, who is organising the enforcement events, said: "Residents have told us they are concerned about vehicles speeding, particularly as there are a lot of schools in the area, so we will be carrying out regular operations to crackdown on this and make our roads safer.

"Excess speed is one of the four main causes of traffic collisions; next time you put your foot on the accelerator in order to save some time, think about how you would feel if you caused a collision that seriously injured someone, or worse."

Anyone who receives a Traffic Offence Report could face points on their licence, a fixed penalty or a court hearing.

Several drivers were spoken to by officers during the operation
