```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of distinctive bicycles in Hemel Hempstead have released images of them to see if the public can help trace them.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: "Images released after three bicycles were stolen \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-released-after-three-bicycles-were-stolen-hemel-hempstead-0723
```

* ### Police are investigating the theft of three bikes from Gadebridge Park in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### It happened between 3pm and 3.20pm on Saturday 19 September

 * ### If you have any information that could assist officers, please get in touch quoting reference **41/75965/20**

Officers investigating the theft of distinctive bicycles in Hemel Hempstead have released images of them to see if the public can help trace them.

The theft happened in Gadebridge Park between 3pm and 3.20pm on Saturday 19 September.

The victims - two 13 year old boys and a 14 year old boy - were in the park with their bikes; a black and red Carrera Vengeance, a black Carrera Axle with multi-coloured wheel spokes and a blue Apollo Excel.

The group were approached by three white teenage boys, estimated to be aged between 15 and 17, all of whom were wearing blue surgical face masks.

They asked if they could ride the bikes and the victims refused, but the suspects still proceeded to steal them before cycling off towards the skate park.

The first suspect is described as 5ft 6in tall and of slim build. He was wearing a black tracksuit with the hood up.

The second suspect is described as 5ft 7in tall. He was wearing an all-grey slim-fit tracksuit - possibly a Nike brand - with the hood up.

The third suspect is described as 5ft 6in tall. He was wearing a black padded coat with the hood up.

PC Jake Smith, who is investigating, said "We have carried out extensive enquiries into this incident, which left the victims feeling understandably threatened. We are doing all we possibly can to identify the suspects and are now asking the public for their help.

"Have you been offered any of these bikes for sale? Perhaps you've seen them being ridden locally, or possibly abandoned somewhere? Any information you can provide, even if you feel it is insignificant, could be the vital piece of the puzzle. Please get in touch if you can help."

You can email PC Smith at jake.smith@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/75965/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.

** **
