```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CHaving suffered myself as a victim of an attempted burglary, I have the utmost sympathy for anyone who suffers from this invasive crime,\u201D said Hertsmere Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham."
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2017
title: "How burglaries get investigated in Hertfordshire \u2013 Hertsmere"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/How-burglaries-get-investigated-in-Hertfordshire-Hertsmere
```

* ### Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham talks about his personal experience of burglary

 * ### DI Walsingham explains how his team investigates burglaries and what victims can expect

"Having suffered myself as a victim of an attempted burglary, I have the utmost sympathy for anyone who suffers from this invasive crime," said Hertsmere Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham.

"I was in bed and heard someone at the first floor bedroom window then the dog went mad. Having my black labrador scare the burglars off when he came face to face with them at the rear french doors stopped them getting in. However, they still got away with a family heirloom, which was outside. I empathise with the victims of such a crime as well as understanding first-hand the ripple effect this type of offence has on children and friends."

As a result DI Walsingham has a firm stance on targeting burglars in Hertsmere. But what exactly can burglary victims expect from the police?

He explains: "When someone dials 999 to report a burglary in progress, with intruders still at the address, all available police units will attend. Some officers will go to the address whilst back up officers will do an area search in the nearby streets and if appropriate, will call on the assistance of the tri-force police helicopter and dog units to help track down the burglars.

"When a burglary is discovered after the event, officers will attend and take a crime report from the victim and conduct an initial investigation, including statements, initial house-to-house enquiries, crime scene preservation and will offer victim support. Scenes of crime officers may attend to obtain forensic evidence. The Local Crime Unit will take on the investigation to preserve evidence, see if there are any similarities to other burglaries and identify potential offenders. They will also gather CCTV and review information (intelligence).

He said: "We also look at the type of burglary, for example if they specifically targeted an address for Asian gold or high value vehicles, whether it is a daytime or night-time burglary, any series or 'hotpots', how they got into the address (the MO modus operandi) whether it was via the front or back of the property and whether they conducted a tidy or untidy search."

He said: "We are also supported by other departments across the Force and work closely with other Community Safety Partnerships (CSPs) and neighbouring forces as well as our Special Constables (volunteers with full police powers). Some of the work we do is overt but a lot of it is covert, including the use of analysts to look back historically to predict where the hotspots may be, to help allocate police resources."

He added: "But the best thing we can do is prevent burglaries happening in the first place. I'd like to remind residents to make sure they **securely lock all windows and doors, including double locking PVCu doors and give your home the 'lived-in' look**. As we approach Halloween and half-term, make sure you don't make it easy for an opportunist burglar to steal your possessions."
