```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a fail to stop road traffic collision in Oxhey Hall.
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2018
title: Appeal to trace van driver following collision in Oxhey Hall
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-van-driver-following-collision-in-oxhey-hall-0438C
```

* ### Two men suffered serious injuries following the collision.

 * ### The vehicle, believed to be a white van, was not at the scene on police arrival.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information about the driver or vehicle to come forward.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a fail to stop road traffic collision in Oxhey Hall this afternoon (Thursday, June 28).

At around 12.15pm, a vehicle was in collision with two male pedestrians in Hampermill Lane.

Both pedestrians suffered serious injuries and were taken to hospital for treatment.

The vehicle, believed to be a white van with ladders on the top, was not at the scene on police arrival and enquiries are on-going to trace it and the driver.

Sergeant Paul Stanbridge from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "I am appealing for the driver of the vehicle to make contact with police as soon as possible.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who has information about the vehicle involved or may have come across a white van in the area with damage to the nearside."

Anyone with any information at all is asked to contact the Road Policing Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 364 of June 28, 2018. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
