```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Stevenage are releasing images of two women they would like to identify, as they believe they may be able to assist with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2019
title: CCTV appeal following distraction theft in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-distraction-theft-in-stevenage-1140
```

* ### The incident happened on Friday 15 November at around 4pm, in the Forum.

 * ### A man was approached by two suspects who claimed to be collecting money for charity.

 * ### He later discovered that money had been removed from his wallet.

Officers investigating a theft in Stevenage are releasing images of two women they would like to identify, as they believe they may be able to assist with their enquiries.

On Friday 15 November, at around 4pm, the victim was stopped by two suspects while walking through the Forum. They claimed to be collecting money on behalf of a charity.

After the victim donated, he was hugged by one of the suspects. It is believed that at this point, the other suspect removed cash from the victim's wallet.

PC Chris Brown, who is investigating, said: "We're aware that this isn't the best CCTV footage, but we're hoping that someone may be able to recognise the women pictured. It's believed that they were in the area at the time of the offence, and may be able to help with our investigation. If you have any information, please get in contact.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to remind people to make sure they're aware of their belongings when they're out and about. Especially now that we're in the lead up to Christmas, town centres and shopping centres are becoming increasingly busy.

"Thieves and pickpockets are able to take advantage of this, and use well-rehearsed distraction techniques in an attempt to steal. Make sure you're aware of those who approach you - they may well be genuine, but criminals are known to prey on people's good nature for their own personal gain, especially if they consider that person to be vulnerable."

Anyone with information can contact PC Brown directly via email at Chris.Brown@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/103752/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
