```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A bike which was stolen in a burglary in Baldock has been miraculously located \u2013 in Poland!"
publish:
  date: 2 May 2019
title: Stolen bike returned from Poland
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stolen-bike-returned-from-poland-0153g
```

* ### Owner of stolen specialist triathlon bike tracks it down months after it was taken.

 * ### Bike is located in cycle shop in Poland.

 * ### Officers liaise with Polish police to secure return of the bike.

A bike which was stolen in a burglary in Baldock has been miraculously located - in Poland!

The bike, which was used for triathlons and is worth around £9,000, was one of two specialist road bikes stolen from a property in Baldock at the end of August 2018.

Determined to find his beloved bike, owner Marc London trawled social media for similar bikes for sale and amazingly found what he believed to be his bike, for sale in a shop in Poland.

His suspicions were confirmed when the shop was subsequently raided by Polish Police who believed that stolen goods were being sold through the unit.

Marc then contacted Sergeant Al Clarke and the Polish police to see if the bike could be identified as his.

"This was a very long process," explained Al. "The language barrier was an issue and things moved slowly until the International Crime Coordination Centre became involved. They got in contact with prosecutors in Poland and finally the bike was identified as Marc's and released for collection."

Marc travelled to Poland at the end of April and after a three hour interview, his bike was finally handed over.

He added: "I couldn't believe it when then said I could come and collect my bike as I was beginning to think it would never be returned. My dogged determination to find it and Al's contacts which helped cut through the red tape, meant we finally got it returned. Although we are no nearer to finding out who took it, I am delighted that it is finally back where it belongs."
