```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision in Hemel Hempstead have identified five potential vehicles that they would like to trace as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 3 Apr 2018
title: "Drivers of five vehicles identified as potential witnesses to fatal collision \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drivers-of-five-vehicles-identified-as-potential-witnesses-to-fatal-collision-HemelHempstead-0002D
```

* ### Officers have reviewed dash cam footage leading up to a fatal collision in Hemel Hempstead and identified five vehicles they would like to trace.

 * ### They are a Ford Fiesta, Vauxhall Adam, Mercedes E class, a black Audi and a possible silver Citroen.

 * ### If you can help, please email paul.stanbridge@herts.pnn.police.uk and jacqueline.lister@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers investigating a fatal collision in Hemel Hempstead have identified five potential vehicles that they would like to trace as part of their enquiries.

The collision, which involved a blue Ford KA and a cyclist, happened at the roundabout junction with St Albans Road and White Hart Road just after 9.15am on Wednesday, March 21.

The cyclist, a lady in her 50s, was taken to hospital for treatment but sadly died in hospital the next day.

Following enquiries into dash cam footage showing the lead up to the collision, officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit have identified the following vehicles who were either entering the roundabout at the time or parked nearby and therefore the drivers may have witnessed what happened.

 * A three-door silver Ford Fiesta which stopped and parked on the grass verge to the nearside of the roundabout.
 * A black Vauxhall Adam with a white roof which stopped on the roundabout behind the Ford Fiesta.
 * A small silver vehicle, possibly a Citroen, which stopped on the roundabout behind the Vauxhall Adam. The first part of its index is possibly similar to VE63 or YE63.
 * A white Mercedes E class coupe, with an index similar to FL57 LEY/LGY.

 * **A black Audi which parked on the grass verge in front of the silver Fiesta. The driver was seen to exit the vehicle. He is described as a white man with a light coloured shirt, a red tie and black trousers.**

Sergeant Paul Stanbridge, who is investigating, said: "We were unable to identify these vehicles by their registration plates therefore we are appealing to their drivers to please come forward and speak to us as soon as possible.

"I want to stress that no-one is in any trouble - but we are very keen to speak to these drivers as they may have vital information that could be the key to progressing our investigation.

"We appreciate it must have been a very distressing event to witness but sadly a lady has died, leaving her family devastated, and we want to give them the answers to the questions they have about what happened on that day."

If you recognise yourself or your car in the descriptions above, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email paul.stanbridge@herts.pnn.police.uk and jacqueline.lister@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online or call 101, quoting ISR 180 of March 21.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
