```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 56-year-old man from Hitchin who forced his way into his brother\u2019s home and viciously assaulted him in a row over their father\u2019s ashes, was sentenced to six years in prison at St Albans Crown Court on Friday January 25."
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2019
title: Daniel Lambie Sentenced
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/daniel-lambie-sentenced-2476g
```

* ### Daniel Lambie sentenced for assault on brother.

 * ### The two men argued over father's ashes.

 * ### Lambie assaulted his brother after trying to take his ashes.

A 56-year-old man from Hitchin who forced his way into his brother's home and viciously assaulted him in a row over their father's ashes, was sentenced to six years in prison at St Albans Crown Court on Friday January 25.

Daniel Lambie of Woolgrove Road in Hitchin was arrested by police on Wednesday May 16, after it was reported that he had visited his brother John's address in Sanfoine Close in Hitchin, the evening before, to take possession of his father's ashes.

During his trial the court heard how the two men had disagreed over how to dispose of the ashes with John having been entrusted with the urn since the death of his father nine years ago. When John refused to open the door that evening, Daniel forced his way into the house and assaulted his brother leaving him with serious injuries.

Daniel was arrested the following day but only after refusing to leave his address and threatening to shoot anyone who tried to enter. He was charged with:

 * Wounding
 * Possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence
 * Making threats to kill
 * Assaulting a police officer

Following the trial Daniel was sentenced to three years in prison for the wounding offence, 16 months for threats to kill, three years for the firearm offence and two months for assaulting a police officer.

"It is a testament to the hard work and dedication of my officers that this sentence was passed, as sadly the victim, John Lambie died whilst Daniel was awaiting trial and his evidence was never heard by the jury," explained Chief Inspector Sally Phillips.

Daniel Lambie
