```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 42-year-old woman from Luton was sentenced to 12 weeks\u2019 imprisonment at Hatfield Remand Court on Wednesday, March 7, after pleading guilty to four thefts in Hitchin."
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2018
title: Woman sentenced to prison after pick pocketing and purse dipping in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-sentenced-to-prison-after-pick-pocketing-and-purse-dipping-in-Hitchin-1759G
```

* ### A woman from Luton has been sentenced to prison for pick pocketing and purse dipping.

 * ### She was sentenced to 12 weeks imprisonment.

 * ### The arrest was made following collaboration between the police, Hitchin BID and local shop keepers.

A 42-year-old woman from Luton was sentenced to 12 weeks' imprisonment at Hatfield Remand Court on Wednesday, March 7, after pleading guilty to four thefts in Hitchin.

Florea Savu, of no fixed abode, was arrested following proactive investigations by Hitchin's Safer Neighbourhood Team.

The incidents happened in Hitchin at the end of February and into the beginning of March when three women had their purses stolen from their bags while they were shopping in New Look and the Salvation Army store. Another woman had her mobile phone stolen from her coat pocket while she was in WH Smith.

Hitchin Business Improvement District's (BID) Town Rangers spotted a woman acting suspiciously and reported it to police. Using a combination of CCTV investigations and intelligence from shops in Market Square, police officers identified Florea Savu and quickly arrested her on March 6. She was charged the following day (March 7) with four thefts and later appeared at Hatfield Remand Court.

At the time Savu was arrested she was found to have two of the stolen purses in her possession and these were returned directly to the victims.

**Investigating officer, PC Johnie Streeter, from Hitchin 's Safer Neighbourhood Team said:** "Florea Savu was targeting people who were distracted while they were out and about shopping and we will not tolerate this behaviour.

"In Hitchin we have a great relationship with Hitchin BID and our local shops and it's great that we can work together as we did in this instance to spot any suspicious behaviour and act upon it if necessary. Together we are determined to drive such offences and criminals out of the town.

"I am delighted with the outcome of this sentencing. I hope that the result sends out a clear warning to anyone else who considers committing such crimes, that you will be robustly dealt with when we catch you and could face a prison sentence."

Whilst out and about shopping, Hertfordshire Constabulary recommends considering the following crime prevention advice to protect yourself from pick pocketing and purse thefts:

 * Men should keep their wallet in a front pocket rather than in their back pocket.
 * Use a handbag that can be closed properly - zipped up preferably - so that it is more difficult for someone to open it and reach in.
 * If you use a handbag with a strap, wear it across your body and not just over one shoulder.
 * You can use a purse lanyard which attaches your phone or purse/wallet to your bag or clothes.
 * If you do keep your purse in a shopping bag, put it at the bottom and not near the top, and use a shopping bag that can be closed.
 * Be as secure with your mobile phone as you would your purse or wallet and ensure it is put away safely if you use it in the street. You can also register your valuables on the free online property database. That way, police have more chance of being able to return them to you if they're lost or stolen.
 * Report incidents straight away to police via 101 and in an emergency, always dial 999.
