```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Royston are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 27 Dec 2017
title: Appeal for information following robbery in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-information-following-robbery-in-Royston-1373G
```

* ### Cash was stolen from Betfred bookmakers.

 * ### No one was hurt during the incident.

 * ### The suspect was wearing a black balaclava.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Royston are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 6.30pm on Monday, December 18 a man entered Betfred bookmakers in Melbourn Street. He then jumped over the counter and stole cash before making off.

The suspect is described as white, of medium to stocky build and was wearing a black balaclava, a black long sleeve top with a collar, a checked shirt underneath, black gloves, black jeans and brown lace-up shoes.

He was in possession of a makeshift weapon of some kind.

Detective Constable Georgie Peggie, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was hurt during the incident. I am appealing for anyone who may have seen a man matching this description to please get in touch. Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact North Herts Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G4/17/1228. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
