```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched its annual campaign to help people have a safe and enjoyable night out this festive season.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2019
title: Staying safe this festive party season
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/staying-safe-this-festive-party-season-1104
```

* ### The campaign aims to help everyone have a safe and enjoyable night out this festive season.

 * ### Remember that sex without consent is rape.

 * ### Always pre-plan your journey home.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched its annual campaign to help people have a safe and enjoyable night out this festive season.

Op Advisory aims to reduce the number of rapes and serious sexual assaults, especially those relating to the night-time economy and the Christmas party season.

The key themes of this year's campaign are that sex without consent is rape and looking out for people who may be trying to take advantage of those out celebrating.

Inspector Nicki Dean, from the Crime Reduction and Community Safety Unit said: "Hertfordshire is a great and safe place for people to come to celebrate the festive season and we want people to enjoy themselves and have a good time.

"With this in mind we would urge people to take some simple steps to ensure their night is one to remember for all the right reasons. We know that, unfortunately, there are people who try to take advantage of those out celebrating - by offering drinks or a lift home - when their intentions are not in fact honourable.

"We would always advise everyone to pre-plan and book their journey home before they set off. While out celebrating, never leave your drink unattended and look out for signs that someone may be being taken advantage of. If you have any concerns, speak to bar or security staff or call the police.

"We also want to remind those partying together into the night to be responsible and reiterate the fact that sex without consent is rape."

Throughout the Christmas and New Year period, the Constabulary will once again be promoting the popular 'Simple as Tea' video to partygoers. The video, created by Blue Seat Studios and blogger Rockstar Dinosaur Pirate Princess, uses the analogy of making tea to explain how consent works.

Insp Dean continued: "For anyone who is in any doubt, this video explains that sex with someone who is incapacitated as a result of drink or drugs is rape. This is true whether you are at home or at a Christmas or New Year party.

"We take all reports of rapes and sexual assault very seriously and will fully investigate to bring offenders to justice wherever possible."

Throughout the campaign, the Constabulary will also be seeking feedback via our new service echo, around how safe people feel during a night out in the county. You can tell us what matters most to you here.

Further information and advice on how to keep yourself safe on a night out can be found here.

You can report a crime to police online or by calling the non-emergency number 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

Herts SARC offers practical and emotional support to anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced rape, sexual abuse or sexual assault. Their services are free and independent, meaning you do not have to have contacted police in order to access them. To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net
