```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a man who is wanted."
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2018
title: Appeal to trace wanted Gavin Richardson
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-wanted-Gavin-Richardson-1564K
```

* ### Gavin Richardson, aged 32 and whose last known address is Parrots Field in Hoddesdon, is wanted in connection with failing to appear at St Albans Crown Court on 11 October 2017.

 * ### Gavin has links to Liverpool and is believed to be there currently.

 * ### Anyone who has seen him or knows of his whereabouts is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101.

Police are appealing for the public's help to trace a man who is wanted.

Gavin Richardson, aged 32 and whose last known address is Parrots Field in Hoddesdon, is wanted in connection with failing to appear at St Albans Crown Court on 11 October 2017.

He was due to appear at court in connection with dangerous driving and failing to stop for police in Broxbourne on 8 April 2017.

Gavin has links to Liverpool and is believed to be there currently.

Anyone who has seen him or knows of his whereabouts is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Wanted Gavin Richardson
