```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman convicted of the racially aggravated harassment of her neighbours has been given a nine-year criminal behaviour order.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2019
title: "Woman given criminal behaviour order following neighbourhood harassment \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-given-criminal-behaviour-order-following-neighbourhood-harassment-hemel-hempstead-0591
```

* ### Josie Edwards, aged 76, has been given a nine-year criminal behaviour order after being convicted of racially-aggravated harassment against her neighbours

 * ### Edwards was previously convicted at Luton Crown Court on 11 July but breached her initial restraining order within 24 hours

 * ### Judge has ordered her to move out of her home and not return for nearly a decade

A woman convicted of the racially aggravated harassment of her neighbours has been given a nine-year criminal behaviour order.

Josie Edwards, aged 76, of Ashby Court in Hemel Hempstead, appeared before Luton Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 1 August) after she breached her previous restraining order in less than 24 hours.

Edwards was previously found guilty by jury of racially aggravated harassment at Luton Crown Court on Thursday 30 May.

The court heard that Edwards repeatedly made inappropriate and racist comments towards her neighbours when they were coming and going from their address and using their back garden. The offences began in December 2016.

Following her conviction in May this year, Edwards was remanded into custody for six weeks ahead of her sentencing on 11 July at Luton Crown Court.

There, she was given a nine month prison sentence, suspended for 12 months, followed by a five-year restraining order prohibiting her from making direct or indirect contact with the victims.

Yesterday, following Edwards' breach, she was given a nine-year criminal behaviour order. This prohibits her from residing at or visiting her home in Ashby Court for the duration the order is in place.

Speaking after the sentencing, PC Lazarus Clark said: "Edwards' campaign of abuse made her neighbours' lives a misery. No one should feel intimidated or harassed in their own home. Edwards showed contempt for the previous order after breaching it in less than a day, hence why we returned to court yesterday.

"I hope this result serves as a warning to those who choose to act in an anti-social and/or racist manner towards those in their community. Edwards' criminal behaviour order will now finally give her victims respite from her behaviour, as she is no longer able to reside at her address in Ashby Court. She will be able to return on one occasion accompanied by a police officer in order to collect her belongings.

"The local Safer Neighbourhood Team will be monitoring the situation closely and Edwards will be arrested if she breaches any of the conditions."
