```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team joined together with the local community last week to discuss the issues they should be focusing on over the next few months.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019
title: Welwyn Hatfield community join together to discuss policing priorities
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-community-join-together-to-discuss-policing-priorities-0808b
```

* ### The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team joined together with the local community to discuss the issues they should be focusing on.

 * ### For the first time, the meeting was live-streamed on Twitter so that the public could interact online.

 * ### The feedback will now be used to set three priorities for each of the areas which make up the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team.

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team joined together with the local community last week to discuss the issues they should be focusing on over the next few months.

The team held a priority setting forum at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Wednesday (18 September) which was attended by local councillors. Priority setting forums are held every three months and for the first time, the meeting was live-streamed on Twitter so that the public could watch online.

In addition, Welwyn Hatfield residents were able to submit questions online throughout the meeting.

A number of issues were discussed including bike thefts, anti-social behaviour and unauthorised traveller encampments.

Inspector Wayne Nash, who led the meeting, said: "I would like to thank everyone who took the time to watch the meeting and send in their questions.

"It's really important that you let us know about the issues affecting you so that we can take action to fix them".

"As part of Op Brillo, the operation to tackle ASB in Welwyn Garden City, we've increased police patrols during school holidays. However it's clear from your questions, that anti-social behaviour is still a large concern for residents in Welwyn Garden City.

"My team and I will now use all your feedback and concerns to set three priorities for each of the areas which make up the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team:

 * Welwyn Hatfield North: Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger
 * Welwyn Hatfield West: Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire
 * Welwyn Hatfield South: Hollybush, Cuffley, Howlands, Northaw, Hatfield East, Hatfield South, Welham Green, Brookmans Park and Little Heath

"These will be published in due course.

"We're eager to hear your views on policing in Welwyn Hatfield at any time. If you've got concerns, or would like to give your feedback about the-live stream, please let us know using our new feedback service called echo."

If you missed the meeting, you can catch up here.

If you watched the meeting, let us know if you found it useful by voting

You can still send in your views and opinions at any time by using our new public system called echo. You can give your local police instant, anonymous feedback about crime or anti-social behaviour where you live and help shape how we address local issues in Welwyn Hatfield by using echo.

To sign up to Neighbourhood Watch to keep up-to-date with local news and advice visit

** **
