```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two thefts from a vehicle in Watford have released two CCTV images of men they would like to speak to, as they may have information that could help the investigation.
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2019
title: CCTV appeal following two thefts from vehicles
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-two-thefts-from-vehicles-0506c
```

* ### Officers are hoping to identify the two men as they could help with an investigation looking into a theft from a vehicle.

 * ### Both incidents happened in Watford and are being treated as linked.

 * ### If you have any information that could assist our enquiries, please contact 101, quoting 41/41402/19 or 41/41557/19.

Officers investigating two thefts from a vehicle in Watford have released three CCTV images of men they would like to speak to, as they may have information that could help the investigation.

 * Between 9pm on Wednesday 8 May and around 8.10am on Thursday 9 May, offender(s) broke into a BMW 1 Series in North Western Avenue and stole a handbag which contained a purse. (41/41402/19)

 * Between 8.50pm on Wednesday 8 May and 6.45pm on Thursday 9 May, the owner of a Ford Transit discovered its rear and passenger doors ajar in North Approach, but nothing had been stolen. (41/41457/19)

PC Mo Huzair from the Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team, who is investigating, said: "We appreciate that the image quality is not ideal, however one of the men is wearing a distinctive top that you may recognise. We would like to speak to the two men pictured as we believe they may have some useful information that could help the investigation.

"Please get in touch if you recognise them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Huzair via email at mohamed.huzair@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/41402/19 for North Western Avenue or 41/41457/19 for North Approach.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**Here are the top ten Operation Chariot tips to help you protect your vehicle and the property within it: **

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database _www.immobilise.com_. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.
