```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of burglaries in Stevenage last week.
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses following burglaries in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglaries-in-stevenage-1079
```

* ### Six burglaries took place over two days in Stevenage last Thursday (21 November) and Friday (22 November).

 * ### The incidents are being linked at this time.

 * ### Call 101 if you have information about this crimes.

We are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of burglaries in Stevenage last week.

Six burglaries in total were reported in the town on Thursday (21 November) and Friday (22 November).

The reports were:

 * On Friday (22 November) at around 6.30pm a property on **Eastbourne Avenue** was targeted with money, jewellery, a safe, car keys and a blue BMW stolen (41/105537/19).
 * On Friday (22 November) between 9am and 8pm offenders gained entry to a property on **Julians Road** and stole a pocket watch (41/105557/19).
 * On Thursday (21 November) between 8am and 7pm offenders gained entry to a property on **Cardiff Close** taking money, trainers, a jacket and hair clippers (41/105261/19).
 * On Thursday (21 November) at just after 7pm a property on **Hayfield** was broken into and jewellery taken (41/105236/19).
 * On Thursday (21 November) at around 7pm a second property on **Hayfield** was broken into, nothing has been reported stolen (41/105199/19).
 * On Thursday (21 November) between 9.55am and 9.23pm a property on **Downlands** was broken into and unknown items taken. (41/105220/19).

DC Kirsty Richardson said: "We are investigating this series of burglaries and at the current time are linking them.

"I'd appeal to anyone who may have witnessed any of these crimes to make contact with us. Also if you have cctv in the areas concerned please review it and supply any relevant footage.

"Please keep an eye out for people acting strangely and call us if you suspect a crime could be about to take place. Consider investing in CCTV and web cameras.

"By working together, we can help put a stop to these burglaries."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting the reference number of the incident. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
