```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help following a burglary in Oxhey."
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-oxhey-0501
```

* ### The burglary occurred in Little Oxhey Lane.

 * ### Nothing was taken.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Officers are appealing for the public's help following a burglary in Oxhey.

At around midday on Thursday 6 August, offender(s) gained access to a property in Little Oxhey Lane.

They conducted an untidy search of the property before making off.

Detective Constable Nicola Simons, who is investigating, said: "At this stage, it is not believed that any items were stolen but nevertheless this was understandably a distressing incident.

"I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information about what happened to get in touch. Were you in the area? Did you see or hear suspicious activity? Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"If you were driving in the area at the time and have a dash cam, I'd be grateful for you to check it and get in touch if you think you spot anything useful.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at nicola.simons2@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/62304/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
