```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two robberies in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2020
title: "Detectives launch investigation into two robberies \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/detectives-launch-investigation-into-two-robberies-watford-0189
```

* ### Detectives are investigating two robberies in the vicinity of Cassiobury Park in Watford

 * ### They happened between 8.30pm and 9pm on Tuesday 2 June

 * ### If you have any information, contact investigating officer DC George Lewin

Detectives investigating two robberies in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

Both incidents happened in the vicinity of Cassiobury Park between 8.30pm and 9pm on Tuesday 2 June.

In the first incident, two 15 year old boys were leaving Cassiobury Park with several friends at 8.30pm when they were beckoned over by two men who were sat on a fence.

The men, aged in their late teens to early twenties, tried to engage the group in conversation before demanding their AirPod earphones. One of the victims handed his earphones over but when another refused, one of the suspects threatened the group with a knife.

The second victim began to run down Gade Avenue and the offenders chased him, but he managed to get away. The crime reference is **41/43052/20.**

Both suspects were around 6ft tall, and one is described as mixed race with curly afro hair. He wore a navy tracksuit.

The other suspect was described as having tanned or olive skin and black hair in a buzz cut style. He wore jeans and a green bomber jacket.

In the second incident, a 13 year old boy was cycling past The Horns pub on Hempstead Road, near the library, at 9pm when he was approached by a group of men who pulled him off his bike.

One of the men threatened the victim and ordered him to hand over his bag, his phone and his bike before they left the area. The victim was not injured. The crime reference is **41/43023/20.**

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "We understand that news of these incidents will be unsettling for the community but I want to reassure residents that we are supporting the victims and have launched an investigation into each incident.

"I have already increased both our high-visibility and plain-clothes patrols around the area of Cassiobury Park, and detectives in the Local Crime Unit are continuing to carry out extensive enquiries.

"We believe either a Volkswagen or Vauxhall Corsa was in the area at the time of the offences. Did you see a car matching the description in the area?

"Were you in the park at the time of the incidents? Did you see any suspicious activity? It was a pleasant evening and we believe many people would have been out enjoying the sunshine.

"If you have any information at all, however insignificant it may seem, we would like to hear from you."

If you have any information you believe could be useful to the investigation, please email investigating officer **DC George Lewin** at george.lewin@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101 quoting the appropriate crime reference.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Watford using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-watford and have your say.
