```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are investigating a collision involving two vehicles and a number of pedestrians on Monkswood Way, Stevenage, last night (Thursday 18 July).
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2019
title: Collision in Monkswood Way, Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/collision-in-monkswood-way-stevenage
```

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are investigating a collision involving two vehicles and a number of pedestrians on Monkswood Way, Stevenage, last night (Thursday 18 July).

The incident occurred at around 9.45pm and resulted in the vehicles colliding with a number of pedestrians. Seventeen people were injured, two of those seriously, but no one involved is in a critical condition.

Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is continuing to work with partners to fully understand the events of yesterday evening in Stevenage. To date we have identified the drivers of both cars involved in the collision and they have been interviewed as part of the on-going investigation.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary has never received prior warning of events such as the one yesterday evening, however, we have previously responded to such gatherings where concerns have been raised by the public. Whilst the events do occur regularly the meeting yesterday evening appeared far larger in nature than previous events, and it is now understood that an organiser had publicised the meeting on social media as a charity event.

"Last night we identified more than 130 witnesses and an investigative team has been formed to ensure each of these is contacted to obtain their statements. We are also aware of a large number of people leaving the area prior to our arrival, among these are likely also to be further witnesses to the collision.

"We would urge anyone who was at the scene to make contact with us as soon as possible. In particular we would ask that anyone with video or dashcam footage of the incident itself, and of the gathering before the incident took place, to make contact via optephra@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101."
