```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Fourteen new police officers \u2013 seven men and seven women \u2013 were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary in a special graduation ceremony today, Wednesday 17 July."
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Hats off as new police officers join force after passing out ceremony
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hats-off-as-new-police-officers-join-force-after-passing-out-ceremony-0470
```

Fourteen new police officers - seven men and seven women - were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary in a special graduation ceremony today, Wednesday 17 July.

Having completed a 16-week training course at Letchworth, the officers will now start their first shifts at their local stations across the county, putting into practice all they have learned.

The training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

The trainee officers also had opportunities to work alongside new Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service recruits, as they completed their respective training at the centre. This included joint exercises and the opportunity to get hands on with sophisticated fire brigade equipment.

During the graduation ceremony, the new recruits - who include five former Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs), an ex-aircraft technician and a former teacher - paraded in front of Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Police and Crime Assistant Commissioner Stuart Nagler and their soon to be chief inspectors as well as family and friends.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "After a vigorous recruitment process these new officers have spent the last few months in intensive training to ensure they are fully equipped to deal with life on the front line. They will be at the core of policing in the county and I am very pleased to welcome them to the Constabulary."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Assistant Commissioner Stuart Nagler told the new officers: "It is an honour to welcome you to Hertfordshire. You are part of the extra 75 officers being recruited this year who have been paid for by the £2-a-month Council Tax rise.

"We police by consent in this country, and out on the streets you will have challenges every day. Members of the public can be very demanding, you need to remain strong, civil and firm while also showing compassion and understanding.

"Hertfordshire is one of the safest areas of the country, but there are dangers out there which you will be called on to protect the public from and I wish you the best in your careers."

The Force currently has a range of vacancies including:

 * **Police Officers** \- www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/police-officers
 * **Candidates for our Accelerated Detective Constables Programme** \- www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/accelerated-detective-constable-programme
 * **Police Community Support Officers** \- www.hertspolicepcso.co.uk
 * **Special Constables** - www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk
 * **Police Now graduates** \- www.policenow.org.uk
 * **Communications Operators** (working in the Force Communications Room) - www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/communications-operators

The officers who graduated will be in the following area:

**Broxbourne** - PC Nicole House and PC Denese Stainfield-Bruce

**Dacorum** - PC Lucy Hodgson and PC Kenia James

**Hertsmere** - PC Tommy Hopkins

**St** **Albans** - PC Andrew Moir

**Stevenage** - PC Natasha Angwin, PC Chloe Dagless and PC Andrew Kerr

**Three Rivers** - PC Mark Whyte

**Watford** - PC Ryan Bailey and PC Sam Symons

**Welwyn and Hatfield** - PC Ashley Masters and PC Chloe Roberts
