```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are re-appealing for help to identify a man they would like to speak to following an incident of theft.
publish:
  date: 26 Apr 2019
title: Do you recognise this man?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-recognise-this-man-0137
```

* ### Police are re-appealing for help to identify a man they would like to speak to in connection with an incident of theft

 * ### A woman's purse was stolen from her handbag shortly after she left Simmons Bakery in Berkhamsted

 * ### Her bank card was then used to withdraw cash and I was also used at a betting shop in Hemel Hempstead

Police are re-appealing for help to identify a man they would like to speak to following an incident of theft.

On Saturday, February 16 a woman's purse was stolen from her handbag shortly after she left Simmons Bakery in High Street, Berkhamsted. The offence happened between 1pm and 2.10pm.

The victim's bank card was subsequently used to withdraw a substantial amount of cash. It was also used at a betting shop in Hemel Hempstead.

It is believed that the offender had obtained the woman's PIN code shortly before the theft by watching her when she went to Santander Bank in Berkhamsted to withdraw money.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as they believe he may have been in the area at the time of the offence and may have information that can assist the investigation.

Anyone that recognises him is asked to contact PCSO Jackson by emailing _lauren.jackson@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/15747/19 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

**To help protect yourself please follow this crime prevention advice:**

 * Keep your handbag on you, zipped up with no valuable items on display (this includes your mobile phone). Do not leave it unattended. Keep your handbag close to your body. Attach your purse to your handbag with a secure cord and keep your mobile phone in a zipped internal pocket or on your person.
 * When paying for goods or using a cash machine always ensure you shield your PIN number.
 * In restaurants and cafes put your bag on your lap or on the floor between your feet with your foot on the strap. Alternatively place the strap through one leg of the chair. Never leave your bag in adjacent seats.
 * Do not carry large amounts of cash with you.
 * Try to use cashpoints located inside buildings, supermarkets or other busy locations. Be aware of those around you and ensure you shield your PIN.
 * Be mindful that distraction thieves often work in pairs and one will attempt to divert your attention while the other steals your handbag, purse or its contents.
