```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives have launched a murder investigation following an incident in Hemel Hempstead yesterday (Sunday 29 March).
publish:
  date: 30 Mar 2020
title: Murder investigation launched in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/murder-investigation-launched-in-hemel-hempstead-1597d
```

* ## A murder investigation has been launched following an incident in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ## The incident occurred on Sunday 29 March.

 * ## Three people were pronounced dead at an address in Stuarts Close.

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following an incident in Hemel Hempstead yesterday (Sunday 29 March).

Police were called at 12.34pm to a property in Stuarts Close, Hemel Hempstead.
Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service were already in attendance as there was a fire at the address.

Officers and paramedics attended but sadly three people were pronounced dead at the scene. Formal identification is yet to take place however they are believed to be two women, aged 50 and 24, and a man, aged 57.

Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson, from the Beds, Cambs and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "We are treating this as an isolated incident. Our early inquiries have led us to believe there is no threat to the wider community.

"Our thoughts are with those who have been impacted by this incident.
"We are investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and forensic officers and the fire investigation team remain at the location as part of this."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference ISR195 of 29 March. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
