```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB) Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2019
title: Closure order secured on a flat in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-a-flat-in-hatfield-0420
```

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB) Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in St Peters Close - is linked to a murder being investigated by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit.

At 1.25am on Monday 10 June, the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in St Peters Close. Despite the best efforts of the emergency services at the scene, and later at Lister Hospital, 23-year-old Cameron Hill, from North Mymms, sadly died.

St Albans Magistrates' Court granted the closure order on Tuesday 25 June. It means that no-one, except the occupant, can enter the house for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

 1. That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
 2. That the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
 3. That there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises

PC John Phelan, from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit, said: "We understand that local residents were feeling concerned following recent events and we wanted to act quickly to help them feel safer.

"I hope this result is reassuring to the local community."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
