```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of a \u2018colourful\u2019 and \u2018generous\u2019 man who was killed as he cycled home from work have paid tribute to him."
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2018
title: Tribute to Nicholas Keeler
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Tribute-to-Nicholas-Keeler-Kings-Langley
```

* ### Family pay tribute to 'colourful' and 'generous' man who was killed as he cycled home from work.

 * ### Nicholas Keeler, from Kings Langley, was well known for his eccentric ways of dressing in flares and colourful clothing.

 * ### Staff at his work have held a 'Dress Like Keeler' day in his memory.

The family of a 'colourful' and 'generous' man who was killed as he cycled home from work have paid tribute to him.

Nicholas Keeler, aged 44, was involved in a collision with a vehicle in Radlett Road, Aldenham in the early hours of Sunday, February 11.

Nick, who lived in Kings Langley, worked for the food delivery company Just Eat as a customer operations advisor where he was well known for his eccentric ways of dressing in flares and colourful clothing.

His nephew and best friend, 28 year old Rob Lloyd said: "He loved the eighties, he liked his flares and even wore them to work.

"He was colourful there is no doubt about that. He was just unique."

Following his unexpected death, employees at Just Eat have held a 'Dress Like Keeler' day in Nick's memory.

Nick had strong environmental beliefs, which led him to give up driving instead getting in the saddle to get about. He always cycled to work, a place he often called home, in Borehamwood covering 30 miles in a round trip whatever the weather.

His mum Monique said: "He would go through three or four bikes a year because of the mileage.

"He loved his work and enjoyed being with people. Every night when he came home from work he was in a good mood."

Nick was born in Watford and grew up locally, going to Francis Combe School. He was a talented semi-professional golfer during his teenage years and later in life worked as a photographer before joining Just Eat around five years ago, where as part of his role he helped train newcomers.

He liked to give back to the community and spent his spare time doing litter picks in Kings Langley. He also enjoyed playing golf and darts.

Monique said: "He always saw a bright future for everyone and despite what has happened, Nick would have wanted everyone to celebrate his life.

"He will be truly missed and we will carry his memory in our hearts forever."
