```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed for theft after she was caught purse dipping in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2020
title: Purse dipper jailed following theft in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/purse-dipper-jailed-following-theft-in-waltham-cross-1351
```

* ### Purse dipper jailed following incident in Waltham Cross.

 * ### The victim felt someone trying to take her purse from her pocket.

 * ### Staff at the store detained the offender until police arrived.

A woman has been jailed for theft after she was caught purse dipping in Waltham Cross.

Gena Yordanova, aged 54, of Beaconsfield Road, London, pleaded guilty to theft at Hatfield Magistrates Court on Saturday 25 January.

She was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison and ordered to pay compensation of £50.

The court heard how on Friday 24 January, a woman aged in her 70s was shopping in Savers on the High Street in Waltham Cross, when she felt someone reach into her pocket and attempt to steal her purse.

The victim called out for police and the store staff detained Yordanova until officers arrived and arrested her.

PC Kirsty Smith said: "This arrest and subsequent jail sentence shows we will not accept perpetrators coming to Broxbourne to commit such offences.

"I'd like to praise the store staff who once they become aware of what happened managed to detain the offender before police arrival.

"The victim was provided with reassurance by the staff and also by police following what was an upsetting incident."

We urge people to take some simple steps to help protect their valuables while out and about in shops and the town centres.

Advice includes:

 * Never leave your bag or other personal belongings unattended while out shopping, this includes leaving it in a trolley or on a table in a cafe.
 * Make sure your bag is kept zipped up and carried in front of you at all times to prevent opportunist thieves from reaching in.
 * Keep your purse at the bottom of your bag so it is more difficult for thieves to locate.
 * Be aware of anyone who may be acting suspiciously around you, especially at cash machines or while using chip and pin machines. Always keep your PIN shielded.
 * Report any suspicious activity to shop staff or police straight away.

You can report information about any crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
