```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Mini Police officers from Hurst Drive Primary School have been helping officers to educate motorists about safe driving and parking around the school.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2018
title: Mini Police educate drivers in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-educate-drivers-in-waltham-cross-2250k
```

* **Mini Police carried out a parking safety event at Hurst Drive Primary School on December 17.**

 * **Pupils spoke to drivers about parking and driving safely around the school.**

 * #### Letters were handed out to the drivers spoken to.

Mini Police officers from Hurst Drive Primary School have been helping officers to educate motorists about safe driving and parking around the school.

Twenty six children aged between 9 and 10 years old, who are part of the Mini Police scheme, joined officers from the Cheshunt Safer Neighbourhood Team, on Monday, December 17, to speak to parents and other drivers about safe driving and parking outside their school.

The children are currently involved in the Mini Police project and have recently learnt about road safety and the dangers on the road. They have chosen road safety as their special project as it is an issue that affects the school and safety of the pupils.

Working alongside local PC Chris Rutter, the children spoke to parents and handed out letters they had written, to inform them about the dangers that poor driving and parking pose to children. Several drivers were spoken to during the afternoon.

PC Chris Rutter said: "There's been issues with cars being parked illegally or dangerously around the school for some time and the school has tried various tactics to help reduce the risk to pupils. As part of their Mini Police project we decided to give the children the chance to try to make a difference.

"Too many parents are in a rush and don't think about how their driving can endanger children and cause accidents. I hope that this exercise helps to reinforce the safety messages to the parents we spoke to and that the children, teachers and parents carry on repeating this message until it sinks in."

Hertfordshire County Council's Cabinet Member for Highways and Environment, Phil Bibby said: "This is a powerful initiative which gives young people the opportunity to drive home important road safety messages to adults. Children are the most vulnerable when it comes to dangerous and inconsiderate parking outside schools, which is why their messages to parents and carers are so important.

"The safety of pedestrians and road users is of paramount importance to Hertfordshire County Council which is why we welcome this project urging motorists to be aware of children crossing the road on their way to and from school and to drive accordingly."

Councillor Jeremy Pearce, Broxbourne Council Cabinet Member for Corporate Services and Public Protection said: "This is a wonderful initiative by both the police and the local school to influence parents about the dangers of obstructive parking at or near to the school. The initiative will promote real safety, reduce fear of injury, and enhance the real quality of life for all the residents, parents and children. I look forward to every school participating".

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11, which sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at a school in Harpenden back in April. Following its success, it is now being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

** **

** **
