```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft from a van in Baldock.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following theft from van in Baldock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-from-van-in-Baldock-1955MD
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft from a van in Baldock.

Between 8pm on Wednesday, October 17 and 6.30am on Thursday, October 18, offender(s) damaged a window of a white Volkswagen Caddy in Merchants Walk.

They took a blue and black Makita electric drill, a yellow and black Dewalt electric drill, a Dewalt power saw, a Dewalt radio and a yellow and black Dewalt torch (crime reference 41/47405/18).

Officers are also investigating an incident of vehicle interference where a van was targeted in Baldock.

Between 5.30pm on Wednesday, October 17 and Thursday, October 18, damage was caused to a silver Mercedes Vito in Yeomanry Drive (crime reference 41/47432/18). No items were taken.

PCSO Sara Masella, from the Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Anyone who witnessed these incidents or has information about them, should contact us on the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number. You can also email me at _Sara.Masella@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

"I would also like you to get in touch if you think you might have been offered any of the stolen items for sale.

"There are a number of steps you can take to help prevent your van being targeted:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows whenever you leave your van unattended.
 * Never leave any valuables visible - keep ALL possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your jacket pocket or file left on the seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove tools from your van when left over night
 * If removal of tools is not possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.
 * Consider parking your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to get inside.
 * Engrave or mark tools and their boxes with your postcode and house number.
 * Fit additional locks external locks to van doors.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamps, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have one.
 * Fit a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection. Purchase devices to 'Thatcham' and 'SBD' approval to combat this type of vehicle theft, as vehicles equipped with a tracking device are often promptly recovered.
 * Use a "Pedal Box Guard" to encase the pedals when the vehicle is not in use.
 * Fit an on-board diagnostic (OBD) safe device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's OBD port, inside the cabin, to prevent additional keys being coded.
 * We recommend products that are Sold Secure, or Secured By Design.
 * Hertfordshire residents can get a ten percent discount on vehicle security products through Protect a Van."

**_ _**

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
