```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to a burglary in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2019
title: Man jailed following burglary in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-following-burglary-in-hatfield-2399b
```

* ### A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to a burglary in Hatfield.

 * ### On Tuesday, October 2, 2018, Christopher Coulton broke into the house of an elderly resident in the Birchwood area.

 * ### He has been sentenced to three years and four months in prison.

A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to a burglary in Hatfield.

Christopher Coulton, aged 33 and of no fixed abode, was sentenced to three years and four months at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday, January 8.

On Tuesday, October 2, 2018, Coulton broke into the house of an elderly resident in the Birchwood area.

The victim, who suffers from dementia, was unaware the burglary had occurred until officers found discarded property near his home the next day.

Following a report of suspicious behaviour being caught on home CCTV, Coulton was identified and arrested on Saturday, October 6, 2018.

PC Angela Wilcox, from the Operation Scorpion Team, said: "We are pleased that Christopher Coulton is now behind bars and I hope this reassures residents that we will take strong action to target those who commit crime in Welwyn Hatfield.

"If you spot suspicious activity in your area, please never hesitate to report it to us. Remember, if a crime is in action or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away."

Christopher Coulton
