```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three teenagers appeared at Stevenage Magistrates Court on Wednesday 8 July, after been summoned to attend, in order to be charged in relation to an incident which took place in Hitchin on Friday 20 March.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Three Hitchin teenagers charged with assault
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-hitchin-teenagers-charged-with-assault-0334G
```

* ### Three teens have been charged following an incident in Hitchin, where an elderly lady was allegedly coughed at and two other people were allegedly assaulted

 * ### The three males, who are all from Hitchin, appeared at Stevenage Magistrates Court after being issued summons to attend

 * ### The case will continue at St Albans Magistrates' Court in Feb 2021

Three teenagers appeared at Stevenage Magistrates Court on Wednesday 8 July, after been summoned to attend, in order to be charged in relation to an incident which took place in Hitchin on Friday 20 March.

On this day an elderly woman was walking through Paynes Park with her partner, at around 12.50pm, when they were approached by three males, one of whom allegedly coughed in her face, making the couple feel very distressed and uncomfortable.

An altercation then ensued after passers-by intervened.

The woman, who is in her 70s, was allegedly assaulted and suffered bruising to an eye as a result. The two people who intervened were also reportedly assaulted and a vehicle damaged during the incident.

Officers attended and two males were promptly arrested by police that afternoon and a third male was interviewed by officers the following day.

Djelloul Belakhal (19) from Redhill Road in Hitchin, and a 16 year old boy also from Hitchin, have now been charged with two offences of common assault and one offence of criminal damage. Omar Joof (19) from Milestone Road in Hitchin has been charged with three offences of common assault and one offence of criminal damage.

They are all now due to appear at St Albans Magistrates Court in February next year.
