```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) are jumping head first into tackling crime, and keeping the streets of Croxley Green and Chorleywood safe as part of their local Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT).
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2019
title: Three Rivers welcomes two new PCSOs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-rivers-welcomes-two-new-pcsos-0865
```

* ### Two new PCSOs have joined the team in Three Rivers.

 * ### They underwent seven weeks of intensive training.

 * ### If you're interested in becoming a PCSO, visit our website.

Two new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) are jumping head first into tackling crime, and keeping the streets of Croxley Green and Chorleywood safe as part of their local Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT).

After seven weeks of intensive training, PCSO Ross Huegdon and PCSO Robyn Smyth have started working with the community to improve the quality of life for residents and make their area safer, by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

PCSO Huegdon, who has joined the Croxley Green SNT, explained that he wanted to be a police officer since primary school after a local officer came in for a school visit. He finished school and went on to study Public Services at West Herts College, and later achieved a Higher National Diploma at Hertfordshire University.

He said: "I look forward to every single shift, as no two days are the same. Every day there is something new to learn.

"My favourite part about being a PCSO is being able to get involved with the community. I love doing the school talks and visits, popping in to community events and open days - I enjoy educating people about what we do, and helping to deal with community issues."

PCSO Smyth, who has joined the Chorleywood SNT, said that she's always wanted to become a PCSO, as their role in engaging with and interacting with the local community really appealed to her.

She said: "I love the fact that you can get to know people personally, whilst also helping them with any issues. It really makes you feel like you're making a difference. My favourite part of being a PCSO is going out on foot patrols, as you get to meet so many people.

"I'm most looking forward to building relationships with the people in my community, and helping them feel safe. The job can be challenging at times, but it is always so rewarding."

The role of a PCSO is paid and there are opportunities for people who wish to work part-time or flexible hours. The role involves shift work, including working some weekends and evenings to 11pm.

Anyone who is interested in finding out more about the role can visit our website.
