```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been sentenced to eight months in prison after pleading guilty to killing a cyclist in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2018
title: Woman sentenced to eight months in prison for causing death by careless driving
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-sentenced-to-eight-months-in-prison-for-causing-death-by-careless-driving
```

A woman has been sentenced to eight months in prison after pleading guilty to killing a cyclist in Hemel Hempstead.

Nadine Samuels, aged 27, of Aylesbury, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Friday, November 23, after pleading guilty to causing death by careless driving on the A414 St Albans Road roundabout.

The court heard that at 9.12am on Wednesday, March 21, 54 year old Deborah Mills was cycling around the roundabout.

Samuels was travelling along the A414 towards the M1 in her blue Ford KA.

As Samuels entered the roundabout, she failed to notice Mrs Mills who was already on the roundabout. The front offside of Samuels's vehicle collided with Mrs Mill's bike.

Mrs Mills was air lifted to the Royal London Hospital where she sadly later died.

Her son Josh, said: "Mum was a valued member of the community for years, working within the scouting movement for over 10 years seeing her own children going through it. Mum dreamed of creating her own bakery from home, and managed to do so where she started selling cakes online for celebrations and parties before she started selling at markets where she created a name for herself, and on many occasions sold out of the majority of her baked goods even before the markets had opened up for trade.

"For the past few years Mum took up cycling in a bid to help her lose weight, in which she succeeded dramatically. She went on to join Breeze Cycling Club where she made many friends and completed challenges she didn't think was possible a few years earlier. Cycling became a new love of hers.

"Unfortunately, this was the last chapter in Mum's life as it came to an end far too soon. She couldn't wait to see her children grow up more than she already had, to see her youngest become an adult in the eyes of society, her daughter to become a young woman and to help prepare her for her role as a mother, and then her eldest, who needed her guidance more than he could care to admit to.

"She won't get to hold her grandchildren, see her children marry or succeed in life. There was so much more wisdom and advice that Debbie had to give. We miss her dearly."

Deborah's husband, Kevin Mills, said: "We are happy with the outcome of the sentencing and can now move on."

Samuels has also been banned from driving for two years and four months.
