```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Borehamwood have released images of some of the stolen items, in a bid to trace them and return them to their rightful owner.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2020
title: Have you seen this stolen jewellery?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-stolen-jewellery-0903j
```

* ## The jewellery was stolen from a home in Studio Way.

 * ## Extensive damage was caused to the property during the burglary.

 * ## Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the jewellery to come forward.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Borehamwood have released images of some of the stolen items, in a bid to trace them and return them to their rightful owner.

Between Friday 2 October and Sunday 11 October, a property in Studio Way was broken into. Extensive damage was caused to the back entrance of the property in order for the offender(s) to gain access.

The offender(s) carried out an untidy search of multiple rooms, and more than £10,000 worth of jewellery was stolen.

Detective Constable Barnaby Goding, who is investigating, said: "This has understandably been extremely distressing for the victim, who returned home after a period of travelling to find that their property had been damaged and that several of their most precious possessions had been stolen.

"As well as being of high monetary value, the jewellery that was stolen has incredibly high sentimental value to the victim, and we would really like to reunite them with their property. Perhaps you have seen the pictured pieces, which are fairly distinctive, or you have been offered them for sale? If you do have any information, please get in contact.

"I know that some time has passed since the burglary, but if you believe you may have witnessed it taking place, or if you have any information at all, please do not hesitate to get in touch. Even something that may seem relatively minor or insignificant could prove vital to our investigation."

If you have any information, you can contact DC Goding directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/81918/20.Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Herts echo and tell us your thoughts.
