```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a car in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: Appeal following the theft of a car in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-the-theft-of-a-car-in-hoddesdon-2658k
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a Mercedes in Hoddesdon.

 * ### It happened in Stortford Road between 3am and 4.30am on Friday, February 22.

 * ### If you have any information please make contact with police.

Officers investigating the theft of a car in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Stortford Road between 3am and 4.30am on Friday, February 22.

Offender(s) gained entry to the property before taking the car keys for a silver Mercedes S500 and a white BMW convertible, before stealing the Mercedes from the driveway.

The car was recovered in Brentwood, Essex, later the same day.

Detective Sergeant Adam Bridges, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "We are conducting a number of enquiries and are linking in with our colleagues in Essex, however we are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen a silver Mercedes being driven erratically in the area in the early hours of February 22."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Bridges by email, report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/17301/19.

Online web chat can be launched here

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
