```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two pet cats stolen during a burglary in Elstree have been found safe.
publish:
  date: 3 Sep 2020
title: "Update \u2013 stolen cats found"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/update-stolen-cats-found-0581
```

* ### Yeti and Cloud, two cats stolen during a burglary in Elstree, have been found safe

 * ### The cats were stolen overnight on Wednesday 19 August into Thursday 20 August

 * ### The cats' owners have thanked the public for their help in finding them

Two pet cats stolen during a burglary in Elstree have been found safe.

Yeti and Cloud were stolen overnight on Wednesday 19 August into Thursday 20 August.

An appeal was launched to find the pets and return them to their heartbroken owners.

On Friday (28 August), Yeti was found wandering along the A41 near to McDonalds. A Good Samaritan took him to a vets in Watford who checked his microchip and contacted the constabulary.

Further good news came yesterday (Wednesday 2 September) as Cloud was found by a search party in some brambles close to the A41, following a reported sighting of the cat from someone aware of the appeal.

Both Yeti and Cloud are now back together with their family safe at home (pictured).

PC Shazia Malik, from the Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The family, which includes small children, are elated to have their beloved pets back home and are looking forward to making many more happy memories with them.

"They are very grateful for everyone who helped share the appeal, especially the kind gentleman who handed Yeti into the vets.

"I would like to say a big thank you to all of you who shared our appeal and to all those who called in with sightings. Thanks to this great community spirit, we have a happy ending for the family and their cats."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
