```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in North Herts are currently investigating a report of racial abuse against one of the Royston Safer Neighbourhood officers, and are appealing for anyone with any information to come forward.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: Police appeal for witnesses after officer was racially abused
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-appeal-for-witnesses-after-officer-was-racially-abused-0299G
```

* ### Appeal after a Royston officer is subjected to racial abuse

 * ### The incident occurred whilst the officer was on patrol

 * ### Offender believed to be in the Heath car park at the time

Police in North Herts are currently investigating a report of racial abuse against one of the Royston Safer Neighbourhood officers, and are appealing for anyone with any information to come forward.

On Friday 26 June, at around 4.15pm, the officer was on patrol in a police vehicle near to the Heath. As he was driving slowly past the area, with his windows down, racial abuse was shouted at him from the car park area.

Neighbourhood Inspector James Lant said: "We take all allegations of racial abuse very seriously, as it is completely unacceptable, regardless of a person's profession.

"We work very hard in Hertfordshire to encourage people to report race/hate crime and have specialist officers in post to facilitate this and offer specialist support. We offer our own staff the same service and I am keen to trace this individual or individuals, as soon as possible.

"If you were in the car park at this time and witnessed the abusive behaviour and have not yet spoken to the police, then please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Sergeant Jon Vine via email at Jonathan.Vine@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/50006/20.

If you wish to remain anonymous you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

The website hertsagainsthate.org has more information about hate crime and where they can be reported in Hertfordshire.
