```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hatfield drug dealer has been sent to prison for five years and eight months.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2020
title: Hatfield drug dealer jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hatfield-drug-dealer-jailed-1497
```

* ### Officers arrested Danilson Santana, age 23, of Bradwell Avenue, Dagenham, in January

 * ### He pleaded guilty to two counts of possession of class A drugs (crack and heroin) with intent to supply

 * ### Anyone with information about drug dealing in Welwyn Hatfield is urged to contact police

A Hatfield drug dealer has been sent to prison for five years and eight months.

Danilson Santana, age 23, of Bradwell Avenue, Dagenham, appeared for sentencing via video link at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 21 February.

On Tuesday 28 January, a vehicle was stopped in Comet Way by Operation Scorpion - a team of officers that tackle acquisitive crime such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences. Santana, who was a passenger in the vehicle, was found to have around 500 wraps of class A drugs on him.

In the boot of the car, the team found approximately another 800 wraps of class A drugs. A small amount of suspected class B drugs was also seized.

Operation Scorpion arrested Santana and an investigation was subsequently carried out by the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit. On Wednesday 29 January, he appeared at Hatfield Remand Court where he pleaded guilty to two counts of possession of class A drugs (crack and heroin) with intent to supply.

Detective Sergeant Grant Bennett, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "We are determined to make Welwyn Hatfield a hostile place for drug dealers to operate in and I am glad that Santana is now off our streets and behind bars.

"I hope it serves as a warning to those thinking about dealing drugs in Welwyn Hatfield that we are proactively hunting you down.

"We understand the misery that drugs inflict on communities and I urge anyone who has any information about drug dealing in Welwyn Hatfield to get in touch so we can take action."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
