```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault which occurred in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following assault in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-in-Hitchin-1220
```

* Appeal after man was assaulted 'near church' in Hitchin.
 * Officers are working to establish exactly what happened to the victim.
 * The man remains in hospital in a stable condition.

Officers investigating an assault which occurred in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 2am and 3am on Saturday, November 25, the victim - a 35 year old man - was assaulted by a group of people close to 'the church' in Hitchin town centre.

The man was then found by a woman who took him to her home in Stevenage before calling an ambulance. The victim was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

Detective Constable Gary Larkman, who is investigating, said: "The victim remains in hospital in a stable condition.

"At this stage we do not have a more specific location of where the assault occurred however, we are carrying out significant enquiries to establish exactly what happened to this man in the early hours of Saturday morning.

"I'm appealing for anyone with information that could assist our investigation to get in touch with me via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/17/3717 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"If you would prefer to provide information anonymously please contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."
