```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four teenage boys arrested following an alleged affray in Royston on Friday evening have now been released on police bail while enquiries are on-going.
publish:
  date: 8 May 2019
title: Four bailed following alleged fight in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-bailed-following-alleged-fight-in-royston-0176j
```

Four teenage boys arrested following an alleged affray in Royston on Friday evening have now been released on police bail while enquiries are on-going.

At 7.20pm on Friday May 3, officers attended Priory Park in Royston following reports of two groups of males fighting.

During the course of the alleged altercation one 14 year old boy from Royston suffered a fractured cheekbone. A 14 year old boy, also from Royston, sustained a cut to his head believed to have been caused by a bladed article and another 14 year old boy, from Royston, suffered minor injuries from being punched in the face and his bike was stolen.

The boys were treated by an ambulance crew that attended the location and the boy with a cut to his head was taken to hospital. He has since been released.

The stolen bike was later recovered.

Four teenagers were arrested at the scene. All have now been released on police bail until May 31th.

 * A 14 year old boy from Hitchin has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm (GBH) and affray.
 * A 15 year old boy from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of GBH and affray.
 * A 15 year old boy from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of GBH.
 * A 14 year old boy from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of GBH and affray.

Neighbourhood Inspector Richard Lilley said: "Incidents like this are not a regular occurrence in Royston and our enquiries are on-going.

"Officers have been out and about in the community over the weekend speaking to local residents, however we are keen to speak to anyone who may have witnesses this incident or anyone who has information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with any information should contact Detective Constable Dave Quinn via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 659 of May 3. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

**

**
