```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 26 Apr 2019
title: Did you witness assault in Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-hertford-0132a
```

* ### The incident occurred in Fore Street.

 * ### Two men were assaulted and one was left with a broken eye socket.

 * ### It is believed they were previously involved in an altercation outside Deco.

Detectives investigating an assault in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Fore Street, at around 11pm on Friday, April 19.

The victims, two men aged 29 and 30, were approached by a group of men who then assaulted them.

One of the victims suffered a broken eye socket, while the other sustained cuts and bruises.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "It is believed that the victims and offenders had been involved in an alteration outside Deco, in Parliament Square, a short time earlier. There would have been a lot of people in the area at the time and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please come forward."

Anyone with information should contact DC Turner via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/35625/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
