```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in South Oxhey have released an image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a robbery in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-robbery-in-south-oxhey-0122
```

* ### Do you recognise this man?

 * ### Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a robbery in South Oxhey on April 4

 * ### If you know him, please contact police quoting reference 41/30899/19

Detectives investigating a robbery in South Oxhey have released an image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

It happened at KPS Wines on Delta Gain between 12pm and 12.30pm on Thursday, April 4.

The offender, a man, entered the off licence and approached the counter, where he asked to purchase some tobacco. A member of staff placed two packets of tobacco on the counter which the man took before putting them in his pocket. He then took a large bottle of vodka from a shelf.

When the staff member asked the man how he was going to pay for the items, they were verbally threatened with violence. The offender then left the store with both the tobacco and the alcohol without paying.

Detective Constable Paul Burton, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We are keen to identify the man pictured as we believe he was in the vicinity at the time of the incident and may have information that could assist our investigation."

If you know him, or have any further information, please contact DC Burton on _paul.burton@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/30899/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
