```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A quantity of drugs and several mobile phones were seized during an operation to target people smuggling contraband into The Mount prison in Bovingdon.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2018
title: Operation at The Mount prison
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-at-the-mount-prison-2271d
```

* ### Drugs and mobile phones were seized, along with two vehicles.

 * ### Officers from several teams worked in partnership with staff at the prison.

 * ### One man was arrested.

A quantity of drugs and several mobile phones were seized during an operation to target people smuggling contraband into The Mount prison in Bovingdon.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, Operational Support Group, Scorpion team and the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit were involved in the day of action, alongside staff from HMP The Mount.

Visitors on the day were stopped and searched, as well as their vehicles. As a result:

 * A 22-year-old man was arrested after 10 miniature mobile phones were allegedly found inside a shoe. Two packages believed to contain Class A and B drugs were also found during the search.
He has been released on bail.
His vehicle was also seized for having no insurance.
 * One male was reported for possession of cannabis after a small quantity was found.
 * An Audi was seized for having no insurance.

A cell search was subsequently carried out as a result of the stops and located several banned items.

PC Karl Diggins, who led the operation, said: "We have been regularly running this operation for just over a year now and have managed to prevent a good haul of contraband, such as mobile phones and drugs from getting into the prison as a result. Several people have also been banned from visiting.

"We will continue to work with our partners at The Mount to conduct further days of action, in order to crackdown on those who are facilitating criminal activity."A spokesperson for the Prison Service said: "This an example of the excellent partnership working that exists between HMP The Mount and Hertfordshire Constabulary that prevents illicit items from entering the prison."
