```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to defrauding his elderly victims of more than \xA31 million."
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2019
title: "Fraudsters sentenced after spending stolen \xA31m on gambling"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fraudsters-sentenced-after-spending-stolen-1m-on-gambling-0263
```

* ### Man jailed for defrauding victims of £1.4m.

 * ### The 51 year old man from Benington spent the proceeds on gambling.

 * ### Marios Demetriou jailed for six years at Wood Green Crown Court.

A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to defrauding his elderly victims of more than £1 million.

Marios Demetriou, was arrested in January 2018, after his fraudulent activities were reported to the police. Demetriou befriended his elderly victim in 2012, telling them that he needed money to fight a court case relating to the murder of his mother. The victim gave him several hundred thousand pounds and also recruited other friends to help fund the bogus legal case. Demetriou managed to fraudulently obtain more than £1.4m through the fraud, which he spent on gambling.

Marios Demetriou, 51, of Three Stiles, Benington, was sentenced to 6 years in prison at Wood Green Crown Court on Thursday May 30.

Detective Inspector of Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, Rob Burns, said: "Demetriou took advantage of his mother's death to ingratiate himself to his victims and then played on their sympathy. He exploited their good natures to extract money from them, that they have spent a lifetime saving and which was meant to sustain them in their retirement. Demetriou ran up significant gambling debts and used his victim's money to pay these debts and to continue his gambling addiction.

"This conviction will help to protect vulnerable people and also send a message to fraudsters that they cannot get away with targeting people in this way, it will end up with them serving a prison sentence."

If you believe you have been the victim of fraud you can contact the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101 for advice. Alternatively report information online or you can speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.
