```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where a dog was attacked in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2018
title: Did you witness dog attack in Welwyn Garden City?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-dog-attack-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-0190B
```

* ### A dog and its owner were attacked by a white Jack Russell cross breed type dog.

 * ### It happened in Cole Green Lane as the victim - a woman aged in her 70s - was walking her dog on the lead.

 * ### The offending dog was not with its owner when it approached and bit the woman's dog before also biting the woman as she tried to get the animal off her pet.

 * ### Anyone who saw the incident or may have information that could help police to identify the owner of the offending dog is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating an incident where a dog and its owner were attacked in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 10am and 10.30am on Sunday, May 6, the victim - a woman aged in her 70s - was walking her dog on the lead in Cole Green Lane when it was attacked by a white Jack Russell cross breed type dog.

The woman attempted to stop the dog and was bitten before the pet then ran off.

PC Callum Walford, who is investigating, said: "The victim suffered bite wounds to her ankles along with a large cut on her right wrist and scratches to her left hand, while her dog required seven stitches for a bite injury to its right leg.

"At the time of the attack the owner of the offending dog was not in the vicinity. I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or believes they know who owns the dog to contact us as you may be able to help with our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Walford by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B1/18/1656 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
