```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers have issued a \xA310,000 coronavirus fine to the organiser of a large gathering in North Herts at the weekend."
publish:
  date: 24 Feb 2021
title: "Police issue \xA310,000 COVID-19 fine after large gathering in North Herts"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-issue-10000-covid-19-fine-after-large-gathering-in-north-herts-1221
```

* ## Police issue £10,000 COVID-19 fixed penalty notice to event organiser

 * ## Around 150 people attended an event on Saturday

 * ## Lockdown rules allow six people to attend a remembrance event

Officers have issued a £10,000 coronavirus fine to the organiser of a large gathering in North Herts at the weekend.

Police were alerted to large numbers of people at a premises in a village near Hitchin on the evening of Saturday 20 February.

On arrival at Hitchin Yeshiva school, officers found a large group gathered for a service of remembrance event.

Under the coronavirus laws a maximum of six people are permitted to attend a wake or celebration of life event. Only 30 people are permitted to attend a funeral service.

Officers dispersed the group and as around 150 people had attended the address during Saturday, police issued a £10,000 fixed penalty notice.

North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Chief Inspector Jon Roche said: "We sympathise with anyone who is grieving the loss of a relative at this time and understand that it is really difficult not being able to mourn in the way you normally would, but we all have to remember that the rules are in place for a reason and the vast majority of people are doing the right thing.

"The lockdown rules are clear and we all have a moral duty to play our part and help save lives. Breaching the regulations sets us all back and is the wrong thing to do when so many others have made sacrifices. The £10,000 fine should act as a real deterrent - we will act and fine those who are blatantly flouting the law."

Officers continue to be out in communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly and follow coronavirus rules. Enforcement action will be taken if necessary.

The constabulary has targeted patrols in high footfall areas and is working with local authorities, COVID marshals, licensing authorities and businesses to ensure the rules are being followed, identifying hotspot areas where necessary.

You should only leave home or travel for one of the permitted reasons set out in the 'stay at home' instruction (opens in a new window). Exercise should be local and limited to once a day locally.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations (opens in a new window) by reporting it to them online.
