```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft from a petrol garage in Mill End have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 21 Apr 2020
title: CCTV image released following theft of prosecco - Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-image-released-following-theft-of-prosecco-three-rivers-0050
```

* ### Do you recognise the person pictured? Police would like to speak to him in connection with the theft of prosecco in Mill End

 * ### It happened at the M&S Simply Food store at the BP garage on Uxbridge Road on Friday 10 April

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/29583/20

Officers investigating a theft from a petrol garage in Mill End have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in the M&S store at the BP garage on Uxbridge Road between 8.45pm and 9pm on Friday 10 April.

A man entered the store and took several cases of prosecco without paying for them, before leaving in a Vauxhall Corsa driven by another man.

PCSO Cloe Moy, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are very keen to speak to the person pictured as we believe they could have information that could assist us with our investigation. If you recognise them, please get in touch with us."

If you have any other information about the incident, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/29583/20**.

You can email PCSO Moy at cloe.moy@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
