```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV images of two women and two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a theft from a shop in Broxbourne.
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-broxbourne-0341k
```

* ### Officers have released CCTV images of four people who may be able to help with their enquiries.

 * ### The theft took place at a Sainsbury's supermarket in High Street, Broxbourne.

 * ### Hundreds of pounds worth of tobacco was stolen.

Officers have released CCTV images of two women and two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a theft from a shop in Broxbourne.

At 10.50pm on Wednesday, May 29, four offenders entered Sainsbury's supermarket on High Road and distracted staff before stealing hundreds of pounds worth of tobacco.

PCSO Paul Errington from the Cheshunt Local Policing Command said: "We'd like to speak to the four people pictured - as we believe they were in the area around the time of the incident and may have information that can assist our investigation.

"If you recognise them or have any information that could help us please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Errington via email _,_ report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ crime reference 41/48860/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
