```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Do you live in Letchworth or Baldock and are you interested in having a say in what your local police should concentrate on as priorities?
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2019
title: Would you like to have a say in local policing?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/would-you-like-to-have-a-say-in-local-policing-1165g
```

Do you live in Letchworth or Baldock and are you interested in having a say in what your local police should concentrate on as priorities?

Would you be interested in attending a public meeting to have your views considered?

If the answer to all these questions is 'yes' then your local police team would like to hear from you.

Every three months the Safer Neighbourhood Police teams review and set their local policing priorities. These are the issues that affect local communities at a local level. The next priorities for Royston are due to be set in the New Year.

The Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team are therefore holding a special public meeting at on 16th December 2019 at 7pm at East Cheaps House, Third Place, Commercial Way. The meeting is open to anyone who lives in Letchworth and Baldock and is interested in local policing.

"We would like local residents to be fully involved in this priority setting process, "explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Matt Deveney. "We want to make sure that we have a very clear understanding of all of the issues which impact on and affect our local communities. We want local residents to share their views and experiences about what goes on in their local areas."

"If you are unable to make the meeting, you can submit your feedback to us at any time using 'echo'. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo to submit your feedback, or text 'echo' to 66099 followed by your comments (standard network rates apply).

All feedback is reviewed and the more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to the public we serve, where services are working well for you or where we need to improve. We want to hear from you."

If you need any further information please contact the Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101.
