```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision on the A505 Royston bypass are appealing for witnesses.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2018
title: Did you witness collision on the A505 Royston bypass?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-collision-on-the-A505-Royston-bypass-1784A
```

* ### The incident happened yesterday (Tuesday, March 13) at around 5.25pm.

 * ### Three cars were involved - a red BMW 330, a black BMW X5 and a red Kia Rio.

 * ### Three people remain in hospital in serious condition.

 * ### Any witnesses and those with dash cam footage should contact Sergeant Steve Andrews or PC Fraz Niwaz at the BCH Road Policing Unit on 101.

Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision on the A505 Royston bypass are appealing for witnesses.

The incident happened yesterday (Tuesday, March 13) at around 5.25pm.

Three cars were involved - a red BMW 330, a black BMW X5 and a red Kia Rio.

A 31 year old woman, a 31 year old man and a nine year old boy were taken to hospital where they all remain in a serious condition.

Sergeant Steve Andrews from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or events leading up to it, to please get in touch.

"The collision happened at a busy time of day so it is likely that there are many witnesses who can help us establish exactly what happened.

"If you have dash cam footage that might be useful to our investigation, I would also like you to get in contact."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sergeant Steve Andrews or PC Fraz Niwaz at the BCH Road Policing Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 561 of March 13. You can also report information online.
