```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking to recruit volunteer chaplains to help support its officers and staff.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2018
title: "Volunteers wanted for Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s chaplaincy service"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Volunteers-wanted-for-Hertfordshire-Constabularys-chaplaincy-service-0253PR
```

* ### There are positions available in Welwyn Garden City and the East Herts and Three Rivers districts

 * ### Volunteer chaplains support officers and staff, providing them with 'a listening ear'

 * ### For more information, or to apply, contact Penny Brown on 01707 354 427 or email penny.brown@herts.pnn.police.uk

Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking to recruit volunteer chaplains to help support its officers and staff.

There are already a number of chaplains representing different faiths working around the county and the force is now looking to recruit:

 * Two chaplains for its **headquarters** site in **Welwyn Garden City**.
 * One chaplain for **East Herts**. The chaplain for East Herts will regularly visit Hertford Police Station and other local police stations in the district.
 * One chaplain for **Three Rivers**. The chaplain for Three Rivers will regularly visit Rickmansworth Police Station and other local police stations in the district.

Volunteer chaplains work closely with police officers and staff and are expected to conduct at least two visits to police stations each month. This allows them to provide support and pastoral care to everyone in the force, regardless of their beliefs or faith.

The chaplaincy service is there to provide 'a listening ear' and support for staff and officers at major incidents, as well as routine day to day visits. With officers and staff often having to deal with harrowing incidents and the pressure of making decisions that have a huge impact on people's lives, the chaplaincy is an integral part of the policing family.

Chaplain Louis Spring, the force's lead chaplain, said: "Being a chaplain is a very privileged and fulfilling position and it is an honour to work among such fine people. I became a chaplain as I wanted to support and help the officers and staff who seek to keep us all safe.

"As well as being a familiar and trusted friend on hand to talk to or just listen, part of the role of being a chaplain can involve ceremonial duties, including attending multi-faith events, award ceremonies and meeting new recruits, as well as providing support at memorial and funeral services.

"I've had many opportunities to meet members of the public and understand the contribution and difference policing brings to their communities. As a chaplain I can play my role and support the officers and staff who make this possible. I would urge anyone interested in being part of this, to find out more about the role."

Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking for people who are professional, sensitive to the needs of others and capable of providing impartial and confidential support. Those interested in becoming a police chaplain should preferably have experience in ministry, leadership or mentoring roles. Applications from chaplains of all faiths are welcomed.

Anyone who is interested in finding out more about the role and applying for the positions should contact Penny Brown on 01707 354 427 or email penny.brown@herts.pnn.police.uk.
