```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2018
title: "Appeal following indecent exposure \u2013 Waltham Cross"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-indecent-exposure-Waltham-Cross
```

* ### Police are investigaing an indecent exposure on Trinity Lane, Waltham Cross

 * ### It happened between 3.05pm and 3.10pm on Friday, March 2

 * ### If you have any information that could assist officers, call 101 quoting K2/18/570

Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Trinity Lane in Lea Valley Park between 3.05pm and 3.10pm on Friday, March 2.

The victim, a woman in her 60s, was walking adjacent to the canal when the offender cycled towards her.

He engaged her in conversation before exposing himself to her and cycling away.

The offender is described as white, in his mid-20s and around 6ft tall. He was of thin build, had short hair and spoke with a local accent.

He was wearing a navy hoody and another grey hoody underneath with the hood up, as well as navy jogging bottoms.

Detective Sergeant Tom Hardy, who is investigating, said: "This was an understandably distressing incident for the victim, who was left feeling uncomfortable by the offender's actions.

"I want to reassure her that incidents of this nature are unusual in Waltham Cross and my team and I are doing all we can to trace the person responsible.

"We are appealing to anyone who saw a man matching the description in the area around the time of the offence, either on a bicycle or on foot. If you have any information at all, however insignificant it may seem, we would be really keen to hear from you.

"Please email thomas.hardy@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number K2/18/570."

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
