```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a purse dipping in Rickmansworth have released images of two women they would like to identify and speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020
title: "CCTV appeal following a purse dipping \u2013 Rickmansworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-purse-dipping-rickmansworth-1018c
```

* ## Police would like to identify and speak to the women pictured as part of their enquiries into a purse dipping in Rickmansworth.

 * ## It happened on the High Street at 12.50pm on Saturday 5 December, when an elderly woman had her purse stolen from her handbag.

 * ## If you know the people pictured, please contact police quoting reference 41/97835/20.

Officers investigating a purse dipping in Rickmansworth have released images of two women they would like to identify and speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened on the High Street at 12.50pm on Saturday 5 December.

The victim, a woman in her 80s, was shopping when she was approached by two people with clipboards who asked her to sign a form.

While she was distracted, her purse - containing £80 cash - was stolen from her handbag. Her debit card was later used for several contactless transactions in Rickmansworth and Pinner.

PCSO Alan Waller, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I met with the victim shortly after the incident to give reassurance and advice, and to take a statement from her. After reviewing local CCTV we have identified these two women who we believe have information that could greatly help our investigation.

"Though they are both wearing masks, one of the women is wearing a distinctive headband. Perhaps you recognise their clothing or their stance? If you can help, please get in touch."

You can email PCSO Waller, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/97835/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit the Crimestoppers website (opens in a new window).

Pickpocketing and purse dipping crime prevention advice is available on the Herts Police website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Three Rivers eco and tell us what you think.
