```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are re-appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a University of Hertfordshire student who has gone missing from Hatfield."
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2019
title: Re-appeal to trace missing Joy Morgan
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Re-appeal-to-trace-missing-Joy-Morgan-2540MD
```

Police are re-appealing for the public's help to trace a University of Hertfordshire student who has gone missing from Hatfield.

Joy Morgan, aged 20, has not been seen since the end of December (2018) and was reported missing to police on Thursday, February 7.

Joy is described as black, of slim build, around 5ft 5in tall, with black afro-style hair which she often covers with a scarf. She also wears glasses.

She has links to Ilford.

Greg O'Toole, from Locate, the Constabulary's missing people unit, said: "We are growing increasingly concerned for Joy's welfare and I am urging anyone with information to get in touch.

"Did you see Joy in the weeks or months before she went missing? Did she mention any new hobbies or interests? Did she speak about any places she was intending to visit?

"Please don't hesitate to get in touch if you had contact with Joy prior to her going missing, and believe that you've got information that might help us."

Any information about Joy's whereabouts can be submitted online here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/35SA020119R15-PO1

If you have seen Joy since she was reported missing or have information about where she has been, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101. If you believe you are with Joy now or have seen her in the last few moments, please call 999 immediately.
