```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested on suspicion of burglary following a warrant in Hertford yesterday (Monday 28 September).
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020
title: Man arrested following warrant in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-following-warrant-in-hertford-0681a
```

* ## The warrant was carried out by the East Herts Scorpion team.

 * ## Suspected stolen items were recovered.

 * ## A man was arrested and enquiries are continuing.

A man was arrested on suspicion of burglary following a warrant in Hertford yesterday (Monday 28 September).

Officers from the East Herts Scorpion team carried out the operation at an address in Claud Hamilton Way, with the assistance of colleagues from Hatfield and Stevenage.

The warrant was obtained following intelligence that the address was being used in the handling of stolen goods.

Suspected stolen items, including tools and a television, were seized.

A 47-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of burglary (non-dwelling) and taken into police custody. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Ben Freeman said: "We have recently seen a rise in reports of shed and garage breaks in East Herts and have been working hard to tackle this. We're also asking the public to assist us by taking some simple steps to help keep their property more secure, especially as the evenings start to draw in. Tips and advice can be found on the 'protect your home' section of our website.

"I hope this operation shows we take these issues seriously and will do whatever we can to trace those suspected of being involved in criminal activity. If you witness any suspicious behaviour, or have information which may assist our enquiries, please report it to police."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
