```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thousands of pounds of property, believed to be stolen, was recovered from an address in Oysterfields in St Albans on Friday (April 6).
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2018
title: Police work in partnership and with residents to reduce burglaries across St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-work-in-partnership-and-with-residents-to-reduce-burglaries-across-StAlbans-0043F
```

* ### Do you recognise this property?

 * ### Woman arrested for handling stolen property.

 * ### Crime prevention advice given out to residents in Harpenden and Sandridge.

Thousands of pounds of property, believed to be stolen, was recovered from an address in Oysterfields in St Albans on Friday (April 6).

Four TVs, a Chanel handbag and Crystal champagne were some of the property seized during the warrant by officers for the Operation Scorpion team.

A woman aged in her 30s was arrested for handling stolen property and is currently under police investigation.

St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche said: "We are now working with Aldwych Housing Association to review the residents' tenancy. Handling stolen property is a crime and a breach of a tenancy agreement.

"As a Community Safety Partnership, St Albans is using a multi-pronged approach to directly target known offenders; gather intelligence on those involved in crime; work with partner agencies including housing associations and make sure residents are given suitable crime prevention advice and join schemes like Neighbourhood Watch."

Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) from the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Teams visited 25 roads across Harpenden and Sandridge on Wednesday (April 4) offering crime prevention advice, especially around burglaries and vehicle crime. They asked residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) so they could receive emails about crime trends within their local area. If residents were not in, they posted a leaflet which contained useful crime prevention information.

Police officers were also proactively looking for outstanding offenders within the area.

Follow the safer neighbourhood teams on Twitter **@StAlbansPolice @HarpendenPolice @LdnColneyPolice** or Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek **@StAlbansChief**

You can also follow the **St Albans Community Safety Partnership** page on Facebook.

*The Operation Scorpion team deals with burglars, thieves and those involved in acquisitive crime.
