```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following two separate incidents in Hitchin
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2020
title: Assault and robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-and-robbery-in-hitchin-0873g
```

* ## Appeal for information following two separate incident in Hitchin over weekend.

 * ## Assault occurred on Friday evening then a robbery occurred the following day.

 * ## Incidents not believed to be linked at this stage.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following two separate incidents in Hitchin.

At around 9.45pm on Friday (13 November), a 16 year old boy was walking in an alleyway that runs from Chaucer Way, near to the Red Park play area, to St Michaels Road near the college (behind Campbell Close and Browning Drive).

He has heard shouting behind him and has turned to look. Someone approaching him wearing a balaclava has stabbed him in the side of his chest. The boy was taken to hospital for further treatment. His injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.

Then on Saturday (14 November) at around 3pm, three teenage boys were in Purwell Park when they have been approached by four teenagers wearing masks. One has showed them a knife and demanded that two of the boys hand over their coats, which they have done. The group have then left with the coats.

One was a Canada Goose jacket and the second was a black Trapstar jacket. The Canada Goose jacket has been recovered, however the second jacket has not yet been located. Neither victim was hurt.

*A 16 year old male has been arrested on suspicion of robbery in relation to the second incident and is currently in police custody while investigations continue.

Detective Constable Paul Fletcher, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "While we understand that two knife-related incidents in two days will be concerning to local residents, we do not currently believe they were linked. We are continuing to investigate both incidents and would appeal to the public for any information to contact us.

"In particular if you have any information about the identities of the offenders or where the missing black Trapstar jacket is, please get in touch."

Anyone with information should email DC Fletcher, report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

41/91762/20 in relation to the assault and 41/92032/20 for the robbery.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
