```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A security officer at Watford General Hospital has been given a Chief Constable\u2019s award after his heroic actions saved a woman\u2019s life."
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Hospital security officer is honoured for his life-saving actions - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hospital-security-officer-is-honoured-for-his-life-saving-actions-watford-0266
```

* ### Security officer Naeem Akhtar was given a Chief Constable's award for his life-saving actions earlier this year

 * ### He bravely pulled a woman to safety after she climbed over the railings of a bridge on Thomas Sawyer Way

 * ### Naeem attended Watford police station to receive his certificate from Chief Inspector Matt Phillips

A security officer at Watford General Hospital has been given a Chief Constable's award after his heroic actions saved a woman's life.

Naeem Akhtar and his son Ibrahim attended the police station in Shady Lane yesterday (Thursday 25 June) to receive the framed certificate.

Under normal circumstances the award would have been given at a ceremony held at police HQ, however Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips invited Naeem to the police station for a socially-distanced presentation instead.

The recognition comes after Naeem's courageous actions on the afternoon of Sunday 12 January this year. The father-of-seven was working at the hospital site on Vicarage Road when he was alerted to a young woman in mental health crisis who had gone missing.

The woman, aged in her 20s, had discharged herself from the hospital. Her family believed she was going to take her own life.

Naeem and his colleagues were alerted to the fact that the woman was seen on a bridge on nearby Thomas Saywer Way, so after calling the police they rushed straight to the scene.

On arrival, they realised the woman was on the wrong side of the railings and without a second thought for his own safety, Naeem climbed over and took hold of the woman to stop her from falling.

The woman's family and Naeem's colleague were on hand to help pull them both to safety just before police officers arrived.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "Thanks to Naeem's bravery and quick-thinking, this lady was thankfully brought to safety. Consequently, she was able to return to her family and get the help she needed to feel better.

"Naeem saw someone in danger and did not think twice before helping them. His actions undoubtedly saved this lady's life on that day. It was an absolute pleasure to meet Naeem and his son Ibrahim, and congratulate him on an award which is truly deserved."

Naeem, who has worked as a security officer for 12 and a half years, said: "I want to thank the local police commander and Watford police department for the Chief Constable's award I received today. It was a most welcome surprise at a strange time we are all living in due to COVID-19. I sincerely hope the lady is well after getting the help she needed.

"I had no idea the police were considering me for this award, so it came as a complete shock. I can only express my sincere thanks again to the police for this recognition. I would also like to thank my line management team and also David Ore, the hospital trust security manager, for their continued support."

Naeem is 50 years old and lives in Watford with his wife, their six daughters and their son Ibrahim, aged 12.

Top picture caption, left to right: Security officer Naeem Akhtar, Naeem's son Ibrahim (12), Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips and David Ore, security manager at Watford General Hospital.

Bottom picture caption: Security officer Naeem Akhtar with his son Ibrahim (aged 12)
