```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Letchworth are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 30 May 2019
title: Appeal following an indecent exposure in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-indecent-exposure-in-letchworth-0296g
```

* ### At around 6.15pm last night (Wednesday, May 29), a girl was walking through Norton Common with her friend when they noticed a man standing near the bushes who was touching himself inappropriately.

 * ### He is described as a white man aged around 50 to 60 years old, with a bald head.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to report online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _or phone the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/48369/19._

Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Letchworth are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 6.15pm last night (Wednesday, May 29), a girl was walking through Norton Common with her friend when they noticed a man standing near the bushes who was touching himself inappropriately.

He is described as a white man aged around 50 to 60 years old, with a bald head. He was wearing a red and white baggy coat.

Sergeant Alan Clarke from the Letchworth & Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "This was an understandably unsettling incident for the victims and I want to reassure both them and the community that we are doing all we can to identify the person responsible.

"I can confirm it appears to be an isolated incident at this stage and we have not received any similar reports of this nature in the area recently.

"I would urge anyone with information to email or report information online _. " _

_You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere: _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/48369/19. " _

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
