```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to following a theft from a vehicle in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft from vehicle in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-from-vehicle-in-hemel-hempstead2263d
```

Officers have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to following a theft from a vehicle in Hemel Hempstead.

Between 7.30pm and 11.30pm on Saturday December 1, a grey Peugeot 308 was broken into in The Rowans and items were taken.

PCSO Daniel Mcmanus said: ""It is believed that the men pictured were in the area at the time of the offence and could have vital information that will help the investigation.

"If you recognise them, or have information about the incident, please get in touch with me through email at _daniel.mcmanus@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/63225/18."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help motorists to protect their vehicles:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.

As well as contacting the investigating officers directly, you can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
