```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Simon Brown, aged 45, of The Rosary, Cambridge, was sentenced to 30 months in prison in October 2017 for committing fraud by false representation against his former employers.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2018
title: Fraudster handed five year Serious Crime Prevention Order
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Fraudster-handed-five-year-serious-crime-prevention-order-0071F
```

* ### Fraudster Simon Brown, 45, from Cambridge handed a five year serious crime prevention order.

 * ### Brown sentenced to 30 months for fraud offences in 2017.

 * ### The order will come into effect upon Brown's release from prison.

Simon Brown, aged 45, of The Rosary, Cambridge, was sentenced to 30 months in prison in October 2017 for committing fraud by false representation against his former employers.

Brown was working as Head of Sales for a large multinational business, a position he secured by using false details in his application, and omitting his previous offending history for fraud related offences. In this role he submitted false invoices and expense claims, over a nine month period to the value of £230,000.

Following his conviction in 2017, Brown was also handed a Serious Crime Prevention Order on 27 March 2018, at St Albans Crown Court. The order will come into effect from the day he is released from prison and run for five years from that date.

Detective Inspector Marcus Bromley of the Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit said: "This is the first Serious Crime Prevention for our team. Fraudsters use many tricks to perpetrate their crimes, making use of multiple identities, bank accounts and phone lines. Serious crime prevention orders complement Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Strategy under the PREVENT strand, which aims to prevent people from engaging in serious and organised crime and contributes to our continuous fight against serious and organised crime."

The purpose of the order is to prevent Brown from reoffending by imposing the following conditions on his activities:

 * He must notify police of any change of names.
 * He must notify police of any employment and providing proof of timesheets and payslips.
 * He is restricted on the number of financial accounts he is allowed.
 * He must not purchase any web domains or servers without prior approval from police.
 * He is restricted to owning one mobile phone and one computer for personal use and provide proof of ownership.

Simon Brown
