```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are investigating after a Stevenage secondary school girl reported that she had been followed by man as she walked home yesterday afternoon (Thursday 6 November).
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal after suspicious incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-after-suspicious-incident-in-stevenage-0842
```

* ### We are investigating a suspicious incident in Stevenage

 * ### Police patrols are being stepped up in the area

 * ### If you have information, please report to 101

Police are investigating after a Stevenage secondary school girl reported that she had been followed by man as she walked home yesterday afternoon (Thursday 6 November).

The girl, aged 12, noticed a man behind her as she walked along Chells Way, down Drakes Drive and Raleigh Crescent between 3.10 and 3.20pm. When she got to her home address, she tried to take a photo of him on her phone and he moved away.

"We are taking this seriously, investigating thoroughly by reviewing CCTV footage, speaking to local residents and increasing police patrols in the area," explained Stevenage Chief Inspector Simon Tabert. "There may be an innocent explanation and I would like to identify this man so we can rule out any criminal intent. If you recognise the description, saw anything, or, indeed if this was you, please come forward and speak to us."

The man was described as white, around 60 years old, and of plump build. He was between 5ft 6in and 5ft 7in tall, with either grey hair or possibly bald, and grey stubble. He was wearing a grey hoody, black jogging bottoms and black gloves.

"We've had two similar incidents in Stevenage in the last five weeks but all with different descriptions. I want to reassure local people that we treat reports of this kind very seriously and will thoroughly investigate the matter. The girl, who was frightened but not harmed, did the right thing, going straight home and raising the alarm."

"If you have information, please contact Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team via the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, quoting ISR678 of 5 November.

Alternatively if you do not feel comfortable talking directly with police, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
