```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Closure Order has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates on a flat in Letchworth Garden City, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team took action against the occupier and his associates, who have been involved in drug related anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2019
title: Closure order secured on Letchworth property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-letchworth-property-1075g
```

* ## Letchworth flat closed following action by police and settle Housing Association.

 * ## Local residents affected by drug related anti-social behaviour at the address.

 * ## Townley property shut for three months.

A new Closure Order has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates on a flat in Letchworth Garden City, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team took action against the occupier and his associates, who have been involved in drug related anti-social behaviour.

The Closure Order was granted on Friday 22 November, under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It bans anyone from entering the property in **Townley** for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

Officers worked with settle Housing Association to have the address closed after numerous complaints were received from local residents about people using the flat and some of the communal areas in an anti-social manner, linked to drug dealing, drug use and people causing a disturbance.

North Herts Anti-Social Behaviour Officer, Jeanette Dallimore said: "The behaviour of the occupant and his associates was having a detrimental effect on the lives of the other local residents. Officers were called to address on numerous occasions following reports of criminal and drug related activity, rowdy, inconsiderate and other associated behaviour.

"I hope this has reassured the community that we take reports like this very seriously and along with our partners, have worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the closure order application.

"We will use every available tactic to tackle anti-social behaviour and will we continue to work with partners to find a permanent solution to problems reported. I would continue to urge members of the community to report any behaviour of this nature to the police."

Anyone who wants to report anti-social behaviour can call Herts police on 101 or report online. You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact .

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
