```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary at a home in Radlett are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following burglary in Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Radlett-1372
```

* ### Appeal following burglary in Radlett on 24 December

 * ### Two intruders broke in at 1.30 but took nothing

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contac DC Ben Heath by calling 101

Officers investigating a burglary at a home in Radlett are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 1.30am this morning (Sunday, December 24) in Orchard Close, the victim - a man in his 70s - awoke after hearing a noise in his house to find two intruders who took his walking stick and hit him with it.

The victim suffered minor injuries before the offenders left empty handed.

The offenders were described as tall and wearing dark clothing with hoods and face coverings.

Detective Constable Ben Heath, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not seriously hurt. He suffered some cuts to his hands however, this incident would have badly shaken him.

"We're working hard to identify those responsible for this burglary and I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen a group of men matching the description loitering in the area or running away from the scene around the time stated to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Ben Heath via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 54 of 24/12/17, or report information online here.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
