```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the North Herts Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a closure order on an address in Letchworth Garden City under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2018
title: Closure order secured on Letchworth Garden City property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-letchworth-garden-city-property
```

* ### Officers in North Herts have successfully secured a closure order on an address in Letchworth Garden City

 * ### The Closure Order prevents anyone from entering the property for three months and anyone who breaches the order can be arrested

 * ### This comes after months of reports of anti-social behaviour, criminal damage and arson

Officers from the North Herts Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a closure order on an address in Letchworth Garden City under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a house in Ashdown - was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about the occupant's abusive and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

Officers were granted a three month Closure Order at Stevenage Magistrate's Court on Wednesday, May 30.

The case was taken to court by Letchworth Safer Neighbour Team officer PC Lee Jessup and Herts Police ASB Officer Jeanette Dallimore.

The Closure Order prevents anyone from entering the property for three months and anyone who breaches the order can be arrested.

The magistrates were satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met, which included:

1) That a person has engaged, or (if the order is not made) is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or

2) That the use of the premises has resulted, or (if the order is not made) is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) That there has been, or (if the order is not made) is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Settle (formerly North Hertfordshire Homes) Herts Fire and Rescue Service and North Herts District Council to gather evidence in support of the closure order. Both the police and Settle had received numerous calls from members of the public reporting anti-social behaviour, criminal damage, arson and threatening conduct involving the occupant.

**North Herts Community Safety Sergeant Sammy Doak, said:** "To help us tackle ASB in Letchworth Garden City, we work closely with partner agencies to put a permanent stop to these types of situations, which cause distress and upset to those who have to live in the vicinity. Securing these closure orders is a significant part of helping us to achieve that.

"For many months we responded to complaints about the anti-social behaviour of the occupant.

"By taking this action to close the addresses, we hope to provide the community with some respite from the on-going issues that cause such misery for neighbours.

"However I would urge local residents to please continue to report anything of concern to us online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or via the non-emergency number 101. If you witness a crime or ASB in progress, please dial 999."
