```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding the public to stay home and save lives this New Year, as we enter 2021 under Tier 4 restrictions.
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2020
title: Stay home and save lives this New Year
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Stay-home-and-save-lives-this-new-year-1044
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding the public to stay home and save lives this New Year, as we enter 2021 under Tier 4 restrictions.

The county was placed in the new tier on Sunday 20 December, meaning millions of people had to change their Christmas plans in order to slow the spread of a new strain of COVID-19.

The restrictions mean that people **must** stay at home unless they have a reasonable excuse to go out, such as going to work (if they cannot work from home) or school, to exercise, or for medical reasons. The full list is available on the Government website.

Meeting in large groups is not permitted and now, as we face a New Year's Eve in lockdown, officers are poised to issue Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) to anyone who chooses to organise or attend a mass gathering.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge, who leads the Local Policing Command, said: "As we approach 2021, we are urging everyone to take personal responsibility for keeping our communities safe at this challenging time.

"We know it has been a tough year, and the majority of us want to celebrate leaving 2020 behind, but the threat of coronavirus remains. We must be sensible in order to protect individuals, their families and the wider community from COVID-19.

"Over the Christmas period, Hertfordshire's police officers continued to respond to emergencies and other calls for help, despite the continued risk of exposure to coronavirus, and even provided mutual aid to colleagues in Kent on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.

"Officers will continue to be there for you over the New Year bank holiday, alongside all other key workers and emergency services. So again, I ask that everyone continues to celebrate responsibly and in line with the regulations to help protect vital health services and reduce the impact of what we are expecting will be a busy night for us across the Local Policing Command."

If you need to report a mass gathering or any other incident to police, you can do this online at herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

If you believe a crime is in progress, or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
