```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Year 5 pupils from Saffron Green Primary School in Borehamwood have graduated from the Mini Police scheme
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2019
title: Mini Police graduate in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-graduate-in-borehamwood-0546j
```

* ### Year 5 pupils from a Borehamwood school have graduated from the Mini Police scheme.

 * ### During the course, they quizzed drivers about speeding.

 * ### They also learnt about anti-social behaviour, bullying, personal and cyber safety.

Year 5 pupils from Saffron Green Primary School in Borehamwood have graduated from the Mini Police scheme.

To mark the end of the eight-week course, 22 children were presented with a certificate by PCSO Natalie Lancaster.

PCSO Lancaster said: "The pupils especially enjoyed the community project week. During this, they went to Furzehill Road to detect speeding vehicles with the speed laser device. If a vehicle was caught exceeding the 30mph speed limit, a police officer would indicate for the car to pull over. Once deemed safe the pupils would approach the driver and ask them three highly impactive questions about the dangers of speeding. One of the questions was, 'How would you feel if you hit and killed me whilst speeding?' The drivers were shocked and one driver even cried. Having young children share these messages can have a much better impact and it will hopefully make drivers think twice about speeding."

She said: "Over the past few weeks, the children have learnt about a number of subjects including anti-social behaviour, bullying, personal and cyber safety. Hopefully they will use the skills they have learnt as they move into secondary school and we hope to have some new recruits in the not too distant future!"

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between nine and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events. The programme aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

The scheme launched at schools across Hertfordshire in 2018, thanks to funding from Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd.

"This is a fantastic scheme which engages young people and gives them lots of training and information to keep them safe," said Mr Lloyd. "I was pleased to be able to fund a countywide roll-out of the scheme so that even more children can take advantage of this programme."
