```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing CCTV images of individuals they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a burglary in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2018
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-burglary-in-Hemel-Hempstead-2126MD
```

* ### Between 4.30pm and 6.15pm on Tuesday, October 2, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Acorn Road.

 * ### Those pictured may be able to help with the investigation.

 * ### If you recognise them, or have informatiom about the theft, contact DC Jane Swift on 101 or at _jane.swift@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/42364/18.

Police are releasing CCTV images of individuals they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a burglary in Hemel Hempstead.

Between 4.30pm and 6.15pm on Tuesday, October 2, offender(s) gained entry to a property through the rear glass patio door in Acorn Road. The offender(s) searched the property and stole items of jewellery and prescription medication.

The victim returned home and disturbed an offender, who then struck the victim on the back of the head and ran out through the back door into the garden. The victim was not injured.

It is believed the offenders exited a gold-coloured vehicle, believed to be a Renault Scenic, which was parked outside the victim's property.

DC Jane Swift, who is investigating, said: "I'd like to speak to the men pictured as I believe they may have information that can help with our investigation.

"Anyone who recognises them can contact me by emailing me at _jane.swift@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/42364/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously call Crimestoppers on

0800 555 111 or submit details at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
