```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses, including a Tesco delivery driver who stopped at the scene, after a white Renault Trafic van and a cyclist were involved in a collision in Royston.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2021
title: Appeal following incident in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-in-royston-1186g
```

* ## A white Renault Trafic van and a cyclist were involved in a collision in Royston on Friday 5 February.

 * ## It happened on Old North Road, just off the A505 roundabout.

 * ## The van driver then began verbally assaulting the cyclist.

 * ## Officers are particularly keen to speak to a Tesco delivery driver who is believed to have witnessed it.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses, including a Tesco delivery driver who stopped at the scene, after a white Renault Trafic van and a cyclist were involved in a collision in Royston.

The incident happened at around 11.50am on Friday 5 February on Old North Road, just off the A505 roundabout.

The victim - a man in his fifties - was knocked off his bicycle and the driver of the van - a male - got out of his vehicle and began verbally assaulting him.

PC Zak Watson, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information about the incident to get in touch. The van driver honked his horn during the collision so it's likely to have caught the attention of those around at the time.

"In particular, we believe the incident was witnessed by a Tesco delivery driver who kindly stopped at the scene to assist. This person could have vital information and I urge them to come forward so we can find out more about what happened.

"Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be really important for our investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email PC Zak Watson quoting crime reference 41/9714/21."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.
