```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Friday, January 25) been sentenced to six years in prison for attempted robbery in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2019
title: "Man sentenced for attempted robbery \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-attempted-robbery-welwyn-garden-city-2437
```

* ### Daryl Daley, aged 46, of Moss Green, Welwyn Garden City, was previously found guilty of attempted robbery

 * ### He attempted to rob Matthew Fathers, a Class A drug dealer, in the early hours of June 16 last year

 * ### During the commotion, innocent bystander Andrew Mason was fatally stabbed by Fathers

A man has today (Friday, January 25) been sentenced to six years in prison for attempted robbery in Welwyn Garden City.

Daryl Daley, aged 46, of Moss Green, Welwyn Garden City, was previously found guilty of attempting to rob Matthew Fathers during the early hours of June 16 last year.

St Albans Crown Court heard how just before 1.30am, Fathers - a Class A drug dealer - was set upon by Daley in the stairwell of Moyne House in Ley Walk.

Daley attempted to rob Fathers of some drugs but during the commotion, Fathers fatally stabbed innocent bystander Andrew Mason, who had come out of his friend's flat to see what was going on.

Both Daley and Fathers then fled the scene separately but were arrested two days later.

Fathers was previously found guilty of murder on January 11, 2019, and sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 23 years.

Speaking about Daley's sentencing, Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "I am pleased with today's result but it does not take away the pain felt daily by Andrew Mason's family. Our thoughts remain very much with them as they come to terms with the outcome of the court case.

"This case sadly demonstrates how drugs can devastate lives and can cause those that choose to use them to make irrational decisions, which can have tragic and lifelong consequences."

Daryl Daley
