```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Stevenage are warning people to be \u2018Drink Aware\u2019 following reports of possible drink spiking in the town."
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2018
title: Police issue advice to drinkers in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-issue-advice-to-drinkers-in-Stevenage-1780E
```

* ## Police issue advice to drinkers in Stevenage.

 * ## Two reports of possible drink spiking in the town.

 * ## Drinkers advised to drink sensibly and follow advice.

Police in Stevenage are warning people to be 'Drink Aware' following reports of possible drink spiking in the town.

The reports have come from women who have been drinking in the Old Town and believe their drinks may have been interfered with. So far there have been two reported suspected incidents since the beginning of January.

Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Tabert said: "Reports of drink spiking are rare in Stevenage and we closely review any report we receive due to the risks to the public. People who drink sensibly and follow our advice about staying safe are unlikely to be targeted.

"This is a good opportunity to remind people to **know and stay** within their limits when they are out drinking in the town and to stay with their friends. Always plan how you are going to get home before you leave for your night out and don't leave yourself vulnerable by becoming intoxicated."

**Police advice:**

 * Never leave your drink unattended.
 * When you're on the dance floor, or visiting the toilets, ask a friend to keep an eye on your drink for you.

 * **Never accept a drink from a stranger and if someone you don 't know absolutely insists on buying you a drink, make sure you go with them to the bar when they order it, and watch it being poured.**

 * If you start to feel unwell, contact a member of staff or security and keep safe.

**Symptoms of possible drink spiking include:**

 * lowered inhibitions
 * difficulty concentrating or speaking
 * loss of balance and finding it hard to move
 * visual problems
 * feeling confused or disorientated
 * paranoia (a feeling of fear or distrust of others)
 * nausea and vomiting
 * unconsciousness

Officers are working with the local pubs to raise awareness of the dangers of excessive drinking and potential drink spiking.

For further information relating to drink spiking visit.
