```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of grievous bodily harm in Berkhamsted.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following GBH in Berkhamsted
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-gbh-in-berkhamsted-0525D
```

* ### The incident happened in Gossoms End, near to the parade of shops, on Wednesday, July 11.

 * ### A 16 year old boy was punched in his left eye following a verbal altercation.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Laurence Harwood on 101 or laurence.harwood@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/16798/18.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of grievous bodily harm in Berkhamsted.

It happened in Gossoms End, near to the parade of shops, on Wednesday, July 11.

Between 10.30pm and 10.40pm, a 16 year old boy was punched in his left eye following a verbal altercation.

The offender is described as a white man aged in his thirties, who is bald with a short, stubbly beard and a tattoo on his left arm.

Detective Constable Laurence Harwood, who is investigating, said: "This was a nasty attack which left the victim with a severe eye injury.

"I am appealing for any witnesses, or anyone with any other information about the incident, to get in touch in with me.

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital for the investigation.

"If you think you can help, please contact me on the non-emergency number 101 or email. Please remember to quote crime reference 41/16798/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
