```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2018
title: Appeal for information following aggravated burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-aggravated-burglary-in-watford-1476
```

* ### A woman was assaulted after two men broke in.

 * ### A safe containing historic bank notes and stamps was stolen.

 * ### Police would like to speak to anyone who may have dash cam footage of a Vauxhall Zafira leaving the area.

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

Between 7pm and 7.50pm on Sunday, January 7 two people entered an address in Elm Avenue.

They then assaulted a woman who was inside the property before taking a 5ft high metal safe containing historic bank notes, coins and stamps. The offenders then left the scene in a vehicle, believed to have been a dark-coloured Vauxhall Zafira, onto Sherwoods Road, past The Load of Hay pub and towards Bushey Arches.

The offenders are described as two white men, wearing dark clothing and face masks.

Detective Constable Matt Cox from the Watford Local Crime Unit said: "Thankfully the woman was not seriously injured during the incident but has understandably been left extremely shaken by her ordeal.

"I am appealing for anyone with information about the incident to please come forward. I would particularly like to hear from anyone who was driving in the area around the time and may have captured dash cam footage.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have come across historic bank notes, coins and stamps for sale in suspicious circumstances."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Watford Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C1/18/148. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
