```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 27 year old man from London has appeared in court charged with supplying nitrous oxide.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019
title: Man sentenced for selling laughing gas
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-selling-laughing-gas-0215g
```

* ### London man found guilty of supplying Nitrous Oxide at summer festival.

 * ### Jahvani Speede-Thomas as arrested at the Farr Festival in North Herts.

 * ### Pleaded guilty at St Albans Crown Court and given a six month suspended sentence.

A 27 year old man from London has appeared in court charged with supplying nitrous oxide.

Jahvani Speede-Thomas of Sutton Court Road, was arrested on July 7, 2018 at the Farr Festival in Bygrave Woods, Newnham. At the time he was found in possession of 100 cylinders of nitrous oxide, £700 in cash and a large amount of play balloons.

He was arrested and subsequently charged with possession a psychoactive substance with intent to supply.

Jahvani appeared at St Albans Court on May 10, where he pleaded guilty. He received:

 * 6 months in prison suspended for 21 months.
 * 10 days rehabilitation activity requirements
 * 180 hours of unpaid work
 * £425 court costs

Investigating officer PC Jess Berg said: "I hope this sends a clear message to anyone who maybe thinking of partaking in a similar activity as the festival season approaches. Selling nitrous oxide, or laughing gas as it is also known, for personal consumption is an offence and could land you with a custodial sentence.

"We take this kind of activity very seriously in Hertfordshire and this is not the first time we have successfully prosecuted someone for selling a psychoactive substance in this way."
