```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses after a home in Potters Bar was burgled twice within three days.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2018
title: Appeal following double burglary at home in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-double-burglary-at-home-in-potters-bar-1675J
```

* ### A home in Potters Bar was burgled twice within three days.

 * ### During the first incident the resident returned home to discover a man in her home. He pushed past her and fled from the property.

 * ### He had taken a television, digital box and tablet.

 * ### Then a man returned to the home pretending to be from the police. He took a TV wall bracket saying he needed it for 'forensic examination'.

 * ### Police are reminding people not to let unexpected callers into their homes and, where an appointment has been arranged, always check the person's ID.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses after a home in Potters Bar was burgled twice within three days.

During the first incident, on July 24, the resident returned to her home in Southgate Road at around 1.20pm to discover a man in the house. The offender pushed past the victim and ran out of the property. The victim then discovered that a television, digital box and tablet had been stolen.

Then on July 26, between 10.15am and 10.30am, the victim heard a knock on the door and a letter was put through the letterbox saying 'Police' on it. A few minutes later the woman opened the door to a man claiming to be from the police. He said he needed to take the TV wall bracket away for forensic examination and removed the item from the wall before leaving.

The offender is described as a white man, around 70 years old and of average build with a white beard and wearing a jacket and cap.

Investigator Rahul Thaker from the Borehamwood Local Crime Unit said: "I'm appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in the local area or a man matching the description on the dates and times stated to get in touch as you may have information that can assist us with our investigation.

"Anyone with information can contact me by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20741/18, or report information online.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to urge people not to let unexpected callers into their homes. If you have an arranged appointment with someone, please always check their ID before allowing them access to your home. If in doubt contact their employer to confirm their identity before letting them in.

"If you believe that the person is pretending to be someone they're not to gain access to your home please call police on 999. If you are reporting an incident retrospectively and the suspect(s) are no longer in the area please contact us via 101."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact Rahul Thaker via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20741/18, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
