```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a dog being dangerously out of control in a Welwyn Garden City park have released an image of a man they would like to speak to.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following dog attack in Welwyn Garden City park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-dog-attack-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-park-0428MD
```

* ### The incident happened in Moneyhole Park, Sylvan Way, in Panshanger on Sunday, June 3.

 * ### A 74 year old woman and a 16 year old girl were bitten.

 * ### Anyone who recognises the man, or has any other information about the incident, should call 101.

Officers investigating a dog being dangerously out of control in a Welwyn Garden City park have released an image of a man they would like to speak to.

The incident happened in Moneyhole Park, Sylvan Way, in Panshanger on Sunday, June 3.

Between 7.15pm and 7.30pm, a 74 year old woman was bitten by an Alsatian dog on the back of her left thigh (crime reference 41/4124/18). The dog, which was with its owner and not on a lead, then also bit a 16 year old girl on the back of her right thigh (crime reference 41/6307/18).

The 16 year old was left with a cut to her leg and the 74 year old was left with bruising.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as it is believed he may have seen what happened and could have information that is vital to the investigation.

Anyone who recognises the man, or has any other information about the incident, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
