```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Potters Bar and Shenley Safer Neighbourhood Team worked closely with officers from the Operational Support Group (OSG) to carry out a drugs warrant at an address in Updale Close in Potters Bar at 8am on Friday (December 1).
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: Man arrested on suspicion of dealing drugs in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-arrested-on-suspicion-of-dealing-drugs-in-PottersBar-1258J
```

* ### Drugs warrant in Potters Bar.

 * ### 44-year-old man arrested.

 * ### Acting on information from members of the public.

Officers from the _Potters Bar and Shenley Safer Neighbourhood Team_ worked closely with officers from the Operational Support Group (OSG) to carry out a drugs warrant at an address in Updale Close in Potters Bar at 8am on Friday (December 1).

Acting on information from members of the public, police forced entry to the address and arrested a 44-year-old man from Potters Bar. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

A large quantity of cannabis and cash has been seized.

PC Chris Humphreys said: "We received a lot of information from residents about suspected drug dealing and with intelligence, we were able to obtain a drugs warrant. Please let us know if you suspect your neighbour is involved in drugs. We need to make sure we take drugs off the streets to safeguard members of the public, especially young people."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101. If you see a crime in progress, call 999. You can also use the online webchat facility to report crime via herts.police.uk or speak to one of your neighbourhood officers during their neighbourhood 'surgeries' or make an appointment to meet them by calling 101.

Drug warrant
