```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hemel Hempstead man was jailed yesterday (Thursday February 15) after subjecting his partner to sustained abuse and control.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2018
title: Man jailed for first ever coercive control offence
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-first-ever-coercive-control-offence-1645
```

* ### John Gardner jailed for first standalone coercive control prosecution in Herts

 * ### Gardner subjected his victim to abuse and control over 2 years

 * ### Future partners will have a right to know about his conviction under Clare's Law

A Hemel Hempstead man was jailed yesterday (Thursday February 15) after subjecting his partner to sustained abuse and control.

John Gardner, aged 33, of Treselian Square, pleaded guilty to the relatively new offence of coercive control. It is believed this is the first standalone conviction for this offence in Hertfordshire.*

Over the course of a two year relationship, Gardner abused, controlled and isolated his partner from friends and family.

He subjected her to repeated violence and called her vile and derogatory names on a daily basis.

All aspects of her life were controlled by him as he demanded to know where she was at all times. He insisted on having access to her social media and email accounts so he could check on her online activities.

His controlling behaviour meant she left work and became financially dependent on him and further in his control. He even managed to redirect money that was due to be paid to her into his own bank account.

He allowed her to have a mobile phone but he made her delete the numbers of people he did not approve of and listened in on conversations.

Gardner was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court to 20 months in custody, given an indefinite restraining order not to contact his former partner and also handed a criminal behaviour order (CBO).

The CBO means he must disclose any future relationships to police, so that any partners can potentially be made aware of his past under the Domestic Abuse Disclosure Scheme, or Clare's Law as it is known.

Detective Sergeant Andrea Dalton, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit, said: "Gardner subjected his partner to years of abuse which left her humiliated and her confidence undermined.

"His controlling and abusive behaviour isolated her from friends, family, work and other sources of support. Something as simple as finding out she had spoken to her family on the phone was enough for him to fly into a rage.

"Gardner failed to see that there was anything wrong with his behaviour, despite the attempts to intervene from friends, family and even the police. He thought he was being caring. This sentence today shows how wrong he was and recognises the impact his actions have had on this partner. She can now rebuild her life free from abuse."

She added: "Clare's Law and the offence of coercive and controlling behaviour are relatively recent powers we have given to protect people from domestic abuse.

"We are committed to using them effectively and would encourage people who have concerns about their partner to get in touch with police as soon as possible."

*The offence of coercive or controlling behaviour came into force in December 2015. Due to the nature of domestic abuse offending, the offence is usually prosecuted alongside other offences such as assaults. This is the first time it has been used in its own right in Hertfordshire.

Coercive or controlling behaviour is defined as any incident or pattern of incidents of controlling, coercive or threatening behaviour, violence or abuse between those aged 16 or over who are or have been intimate partners or family members, regardless of gender or sexuality. This can encompass, but is not limited to, the following types of abuse: psychological, physical, sexual, financial and emotional.

Clare's Law gives people a right to know or a right to ask police whether a partner has a violent past. It was introduced following the murder of Clare Wood in 2009 by her former partner George Appleton.

Had Clare known about Appleton's previous crimes, which included kidnapping a woman at knifepoint, she would have been able to make an informed decision about whether to continue the relationship.

If you or someone you know is being affected by domestic abuse, please visit www.hertssunflower.org or speak to someone from the Herts Domestic Abuse helpline for help, advice and support on 08 088 088 088 (open weekdays 9am-9pm and weekends 9am-4pm). In an emergency situation, always call 999.
