```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police have issued a \xA310,000 fine to a funeral director in Mansfield following a breach of the coronavirus restrictions."
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021
title: "\xA310,000 fine issued to funeral director following coronavirus breach in Hertfordshire"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/10000-fine-issued-to-funeral-director-following-coronavirus-breach-in-hertfordshire-1116
```

* ### A £10,000 fine has been issued to a funeral director from Mansfield.

 * ### Officers were made aware of a funeral due to take place in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday 21 January.

 * ### Anyone with information about a large gathering or event happening in Hertfordshire that breaches current restrictions should report it.

Police have issued a £10,000 fine to a funeral director in Mansfield following a breach of the coronavirus restrictions.

Officers were made aware of a funeral due to be taking place in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday 21 January. Police worked with partner agencies and the family in advance, in an attempt to ensure the safety of those attending and that of the wider public.

Government restrictions around COVID-19 were reiterated as part of this and it was explained that clear breaches would result in regulations being enforced.

Under lockdown rules, only 30 people are allowed to attend a funeral. This is in order to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and to help save lives.

Upon officer arrival, it was found that close to 150 people were actually in attendance.

A 41-year-old man from Mansfield was issued with a £10,000 fine.

Superintendent, Nick Caveney said: "This is a very difficult time for everyone, and whilst we completely understand that people would like to mourn their loved ones, we have to remember that the current circumstances are out of the ordinary and that we must adhere to the rules to keep each other safe. This was a clear and blatant breach of the current restrictions, which are necessary in order to protect the NHS and help save lives.

"We have issued a £10,000 fine to a funeral director from Mansfield for not managing this event correctly and advising their clients of the rules. We implore all business owners to ensure that they are they are following the restrictions safely and responsibly. Flagrant breaches of the restrictions such as this will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire."

You should only leave home or travel for one of the permitted reasons set out in the 'stay at home' instruction. Exercise should be local and limited to once a day locally.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
