```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 36-year-old Welwyn man has been sent to prison for 33 months after being found guilty of abusing his wife, including beating her and using controlling behaviour, for years.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2019
title: Welwyn man jailed for 33 months after mentally and physically abusing partner for years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-man-jailed-for-33-months-after-mentally-and-physically-abusing-partner-for-years-0592b
```

* ### Man jailed for mentally and physically abusing wife for years.

 * ### Tawhid Juneja sentenced to 33 months.

 * ### Investigating officer pays tribute to his victim's bravery.

A 36-year-old Welwyn man has been sent to prison for 33 months after being found guilty of abusing his wife, including beating her and using controlling behaviour, for years.

Tawhid Juneja, of Mardley Court, appeared before St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 27 August) for sentencing. As well as the jail term, he was also handed a five year restraining order protecting his victim upon his release.

Juneja had been found guilty by a jury at Luton Crown Court on 8 July for using controlling or coercive behaviour over Carrie Juneja between 29 December 2015 and 1 November 2018, two beatings on 30 June 2018 and 1 November 2018. He had admitted one offence of dangerous driving.

He was sentenced to 30 months' imprisonment for coercive control, three months and two months, to run concurrently, for the two charges of beating his wife and three months for disqualified driving to run consecutively. He was disqualified from driving for 27 months and 46 days.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Chloe Palmer, from the Domestic Abuse Investigations and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), said: "I want to pay tribute to the victim in this case, who was stood in the witness box giving evidence about her horrific ordeal for more than five hours. Her bravery means that Juneja finally has to pay for the 10 years of suffering he inflicted on her.

"After a decade of cruel and controlling behaviour and violence, the jury returned unanimous guilty verdicts on all counts and justice has been done."

She added: "We want other victims to know that we take every report of domestic abuse very seriously, and will always fully support victims throughout the investigative process and we bring offenders to justice."

If you have been a victim of domestic abuse, you can report it to police on the non-emergency number 101, or online
