```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft of a vehicle in Watford have released photos of a man they think could assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft of vehicle in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-of-vehicle-in-watford-0949
```

* ### A green Volkswagen Golf was stolen

 * ### The incident took place in Cherry Tree Road, Watford

 * ### Police are appealing for information

Officers investigating a theft of a vehicle in Watford have released photos of a man they think could assist with their investigation.

A green Volkswagen Golf was stolen from outside a property in Cherry Tree Road on Friday 13 September, between 6am and 2.45pm.

PC Mohamed Huzair, who is investigating, said: "It is believed that the offender(s) were driving a large white van, and that the stolen vehicle may have been towed away by said van.

"We'd like to speak to the man in the photo as we believe that he may have been in the area at the time, and may be able to help us with our enquiries. If you recognise him, or have any information which you think could assist with our investigation, please get in touch.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind people to remain vigilant of door to door sales people and rogue traders. If someone approaches you offering their services, such as selling your vehicle or towing your vehicle, please be wary. Don't be afraid to decline and shut the door. If you require a service it is advisable instead to research local businesses and if possible, get a recommendation from a friend or family member. If something seems suspicious, please report it to us."

Anyone with any information can email PC Huzair directly at Mohamed.Huzair@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/83158/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
