```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Welwyn Garden City are carrying out an operation over the Easter school holidays to help deter and tackle anti-social behaviour (ASB) in the town.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2019
title: Police operation to tackle anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-operation-to-tackle-anti-social-behaviour-in-welwyn-garden-city-0041b
```

* ### Operation Brillo will see police conduct targeted patrols to help deal with those responsible for anti-social behaviour (ASB).

 * ### This follows on from earlier work carried out during the February half term holidays.

 * ### Anyone with information about ASB should call 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 straight away.

Officers in Welwyn Garden City are carrying out an operation over the Easter school holidays to help deter and tackle anti-social behaviour (ASB) in the town.

Operation Brillo will see police conduct targeted patrols to help deal with those responsible for ASB. This follows on from earlier work carried out during the February half term holidays.

Sergeant Ian Smith, from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We ran the operation in February and found that we were receiving less calls about ASB. There's still more work to do though and I hope that our patrols over Easter have the same effect that they did in February.

"My team are able to monitor CCTV across the town, both from within the station and when out on patrol. We also work closely with key venues across the town to take action against anyone involved in ASB. This can include issuing banning notices and supporting civil action against offenders."

Every incident of ASB is logged and recorded, including the details of the offending young people, so that officers can build up a picture and take appropriate action. The Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team have a list of young people who have been identified as being involved with ASB, along with the telephone numbers for their parents. This means that every officer has the ability to contact their parents if they are found to be continuing with this behaviour.

Sergeant Smith continued: "I would urge parents to be aware of their children's whereabouts at all times. If you know that your child is committing ASB, we would suggest considering placing certain conditions on them such as curfews.

"The consequences of committing ASB can range from the young person meeting with the police to discuss their behaviour to being issued with a Community Protection Notice once they are over 16.

"We understand that ASB can negatively impact the quality of life for local residents. We will always take your reports seriously and take firm but fair action. We're here to help keep you safe and you should never hesitate to get in touch if you have any concerns."

_As part of the Safer Neighbourhood Team 's ongoing work to tackle ASB, they are hosting a weekly stall at the Howard Centre every Wednesday from 4pm to 5pm on the ground floor by the escalators. Residents can attend to discuss any concerns. Where optional requirements mean that officers cannot attend, the team will post this on their Twitter account: @WelHatNthPolice_

_Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour should call the non-emergency number 101. Remember if a crime is in progress or someone 's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away._
