```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences following a series of warrants in South Oxhey this morning (Friday, June 8).
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: Arrests following warrants in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-following-warrants-in-south-oxhey-0350c
```

* ### Warrants were carried out at four addresses.

 * ### A quantity of suspected Class A and Class B drugs was recovered.

 * ### Two men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

Two people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences following a series of warrants in South Oxhey this morning (Friday, June 8).

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood and Scorpion teams, the Operational Support Group and the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit carried out the warrants at four addresses, under section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984.

Addresses in Bridlington, Denton and Dunfermline House were targeted as part of the operation.

A quantity of suspected Class A and Class B drugs was found and two men, aged 18 and 30, were subsequently arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

They remain in police custody at this time.

A dog suspected to be an illegal breed was also seized.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Tom Evans said: "We're pleased with the success of today's operation. I hope it sends a clear message that drugs are not welcome in Three Rivers and we will do all we can to target those who are suspected of being involved in drug activity.

"Often we rely on members of the public to help us build an intelligence picture and I would urge anyone who has suspicions about activity in their neighbourhood to please contact us."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
