```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team has welcomed a new Sergeant.
publish:
  date: 19 May 2020
title: Meet your new Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Welwyn Hatfield West
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-new-safer-neighbourhood-sergeant-for-welwyn-hatfield-west-0132b
```

* ## Sergeant Dan Bales will cover the West team.

 * ## He joined the Constabulary in 2006, beginning his service in Dacorum.

 * ## Sgt Bales is keen to hear the public's views on what his team should be prioritising.

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team has welcomed a new Sergeant.

Sergeant Dan Bales will cover the West team which looks after Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire.

Sergeant Bales joined the Constabulary in 2006, beginning his service in Dacorum, firstly as an Intervention officer (responding to 999 calls) and then on Operation Scorpion - a proactive unit that tackles acquisitive crime such as drugs and robbery.

During his time there, he received a National Humane Society Award for saving a member of the public's life after administering CPR.

He said: "I feel like I thrive by dealing with the unexpected and thinking on my feet so I'm looking forward to taking on this new challenge.

"My patch is a busy area covering Hatfield town centre, the Galleria and the University of Hertfordshire and I'm excited to work with our local partners to help make the area a safer place to enjoy.

"I think it's important the public work with us and I'm eager to hear your views.

"What do you want to see from my team? What should we be prioritising?

"Let us know using our public feedback system echo. Go to bit.ly/police-whwest and have your say."

You can follow the SNT on Facebook or on Twitter @WelHatPolice. To sign up to Neighbourhood Watch go to owl.co.uk.
