```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Welwyn Hatfield police officer recently teamed up with a Woolmer Green pub to provide Christmas dinner for frontline NHS staff.
publish:
  date: 6 Jan 2021
title: Police officer teams up with pub to cook Lister staff Christmas dinner
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officer-teams-up-with-pub-to-cook-lister-staff-christmas-dinner-1059
```

* ### PC Paddy Phelan wanted to show his thanks to all those who have been working hard at the Lister Hospital

 * ### Teaming up with the Chequers Inn, Woolmer Green, they cooked more than a dozen roast dinners

 * ### They were delivered to the staff working in A&E and the children's ward on Christmas Day

A Welwyn Hatfield police officer recently teamed up with a Woolmer Green pub to provide Christmas dinner for frontline NHS staff.

PC Paddy Phelan, from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit, wanted to show his thanks to all those who have been working hard at the Lister Hospital throughout the pandemic.

Teaming up with landlady Marian and her husband Nick from the Chequers Inn, they cooked more than a dozen roast dinners and PC Phelan delivered to them to the staff working in A&E and the children's ward on Christmas Day.

PC Phelan said: "Those working in the NHS have been true heroes and I wanted to say a big thank you to all of them. They were all very grateful to receive the Christmas dinners and I'm glad we were able to bring some festive cheer to them at such a trying time. They do an outstanding job."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
