```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Sixty-nine households were visited by police and fire officers at the latest Safer Streets initiative in Laurel Avenue, Potters Bar on Wednesday (April 9).
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2019
title: Keeping our streets safer in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keeping-our-streets-safer-in-potters-bar-md0067
```

* **Police and fire officers visited 69 households as part of the latest Safer Streets initiative in Laurel Avenue, Potters Bar on Wednesday**
 * **The scheme aims to make areas even safer by offering residents free security checks, crime prevention advice, fire risk assessments, installation of smoke alarms and advice on healthy living and giving up smoking. **
 * **During the visit, 12 home fire safety referrals and 12 crime prevention referrals were made and 10 people signed up to receive emails about crime in their area by joining Neighbourhood Watch.**

Sixty-nine households were visited by police and fire officers at the latest Safer Streets initiative in Laurel Avenue, Potters Bar on Wednesday (April 9).

They were also joined by a Trading Standards volunteer. The scheme aims to make areas even safer by offering residents free security checks, crime prevention advice, fire risk assessments, installation of smoke alarms and advice on healthy living and giving up smoking.

During the visit, 12 home fire safety referrals and 12 crime prevention referrals were made and 10 people signed up to receive emails about crime in their area by joining Neighbourhood Watch.

PCSO Cheryll Lavell said: "It was a really good opportunity to meet residents and give out crime prevention advice and encourage residents to join Neighbourhood Watch. Most people were pleased to see us and we hope they will take on board the advice."

Residents who sign up to Neighbourhood Watch will receive emails about crime, missing people and other relevant information in their local area. Simply sign up to the Online Watch Link (OWL) at www.owl.co.uk or speak to your local PCSO.

Valerie Kane, Community Safety Manager at Hertsmere Borough Council, said: "Through the Safer Streets initiative, local residents get the opportunity to find out more about what services are available to them in their area and also receive some really practical advice on home and personal safety and security.

"This latest visit was a success and was really well received by residents in the street who were able to find out more about the good work carried out by the different agencies represented during the visit, as well as having the chance to report any issues they were having."
