```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Bedfordshire police, Cambridgeshire constabulary and Hertfordshire constabulary have hailed the use of a live streaming platform a success, following a trial across the three forces.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Three force livestreaming trial an outstanding success
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-force-livestreaming-trial-an-outstanding-success-all
```

Bedfordshire police, Cambridgeshire constabulary and Hertfordshire constabulary have hailed the use of a live streaming platform a success, following a trial across the three forces.

The new technology platform, GoodSAM Instant-On-Scene, allows members of the public to stream live video and share their precise location with the control rooms, through a mobile device without needing an app. It is credited with saving a number of lives and hundreds of hours of officers' time.

The platform also provides the forces with other capabilities such as ability for officers to live stream video from their phones into the control room and to colleagues. It also integrates with drones allowing live aerial video to be viewed immediately by officers on the ground. A 'consultation' feature allows officers to invite members of the public to a multi-way video call, for use in situations where it might not be appropriate to visit in person.

GoodSAM has been used by the forces control rooms on more than 3,000 occasions, and is now in use across multiple areas of the organisations, including being used by more than 2,500 front line officers, PCSO's and Scenes of Crime officers.

Inspector Chris Hutton from the BCH Police Digital Innovation Team said: "Our use of this technology is about improving the service we can provide. The platform has been a resounding success across BCH and has been used in some hugely innovative ways. We can directly attribute it to locating and saving the lives of some particularly vulnerable individuals some of whom had made significant attempts to harm themselves, and we have been able to use live video with 999 callers such as during the aftermath of a stabbing.

"Feedback from officers, police staff and the public has been fantastic, and we quickly determined that this is a vitally important capability for policing. Being able to video triage an incident at the point of call and accurately locate the caller means we can ensure we send the right resources to the right location. As we navigate through the global COVID-19 pandemic, GoodSAM allows us to harness the power of technology to work in a smart, efficient and effective way."

Callers have to give consent to use GoodSAM which together with strict risk assessments ensures that no-one is ever placed at increased risk by sharing video footage.

Professor Mark Wilson OBE, of GoodSAM says: "The GoodSAM system is all about saving lives with technology. Additionally, by improving resource efficiency it means that specialist resources can be deployed where they are needed."

Mr Ali Ghorbangholi OBE, of GoodSAM adds: "We passionately believe we can use technology to radically improve policing and care for the public."

Further information can be found by visiting Herts police.
