```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stevenage last night (Tuesday February 19).
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2019
title: St Nicholas Park incident - Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/st-nicholas-park-incident-stevenage-2598
```

* ### Police appeal for witnesses following incident in Stevenage

 * ### 15 year old boy found on a bench in St Nicholas Park with a leg injury

 * ### Officers are following up several lines of enquiry

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stevenage last night (Tuesday February 19).

At around 9.15pm a member of the public reported finding a 15 year old boy on a bench in St Nicholas Park with puncture wound to his leg. He was taken to hospital where he is currently being treated.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "The circumstances surrounding the incident are unclear at the moment and officers are currently following many lines of enquiry. It is believed that there may have been an altercation nearby. The boy was allegedly walking home from a friend's house in the Great Ashby area.

"The park is well used by dog walkers and so I would appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time and thinks they may have witnessed the incident or the events leading up to it, to contact us."

If you were in that area around this time or have any information which could help the investigation please contact 101 or report online at www.herts.police.uk/report quoting crime reference number 41/16528/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
