```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new scheme to help build relationships between young people and the police service has begun its official roll out across Hertfordshire.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2018
title: Mini Police scheme launches in Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-scheme-launches-in-radlett-1771J
```

* ### Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children.

 * ### An eight-week trial was completed in Harpenden earlier this year.

 * ### The scheme is being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the PCC.

A new scheme to help build relationships between young people and the police service has begun its official roll out across Hertfordshire.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at a school in Harpenden back in April. Following its success, it is now being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

PCC Lloyd said: "This is a fantastic scheme which engages young people and gives them lots of training and information to keep them safe. I was pleased to be able to fund a countywide roll-out of the scheme so that even more children can take advantage of this programme and it's great this is now up and running."

The first official scheme launched at Fairfield school in Radlett last week and will see the children learn about police procedures and the law, anti-social behaviour, personal safety and road safety, among other topics.

PCSO William Ryan delivered the first session at the school, alongside his Safer Neighbourhood Team colleagues PCSO Tim Conway and PC Dean Edwards.

"The first session went really well and it was great to see that the children seemed to enjoy it, showing a lot of enthusiasm and contributing throughout," said William.

"It is important that they understand local issues and how to deal with them now, which in turn can help the rest of the community. We're very much looking forward to delivering the next session."

The Mini Police programme will be rolling out at nominated schools across the county over the coming weeks, with sessions being delivered by police cadets, volunteers and Safer Neighbourhood Team officers.
