```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Hitchin are now in a position to confirm that a female pedestrian sadly passed away at the scene.
publish:
  date: 8 Mar 2019
title: Female pedestrian seriously injured in collision passes away - Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/female-pedestrian-seriously-injured-in-collision-passes-away-hitchin-2705g
```

* ### Natalie Carloss, aged 32, from Hitchin, was struck by a white BMW on Arlesey Road just before 10pm on Wednesday, March 6.

 * ### Sadly she suffered fatal injuries and passed away at the scene.

 * ### Officers are now working to understand the circumstances leading up to the collision.

Officers investigating a collision in Hitchin are now in a position to confirm that a female pedestrian sadly passed away at the scene.

Police were called just before 10pm on Wednesday, March 6 to report a collision on the Arlesey Road.herts

Natalie Carloss, aged 32, from Hitchin, was struck by a white BMW and suffered fatal injuries.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit attended alongside the ambulance service.

The road was closed to allow emergency services to work at the scene before it re-opened at around 3.15am. The driver of the car remained at the scene and is assisting officers with their enquiries.

PC Felicity Moody, who is investigating, said: "Our thoughts are very much with Natalie's family at what is a very distressing and difficult time for them.

"We are doing all we can to determine the circumstances around this collision. Therefore I would ask anyone who was travelling on Arlesley Road - in particular the stretch between Hitchin Lavender and Arlesley New Road - around the time of the collision last night and believe they saw Natalie to please contact us as soon as possible.

"I would also be keen to speak to anyone who was driving on that stretch of road around the time of the collision and has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle."

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or who saw anything prior to the incident, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 874 of March 6.
