```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Another 17 year old boy has been arrested in connection with the altercation that took place in the town centre on Friday November 2, at around 1pm.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2018
title: Second teenager arrested following town centre affray
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/second-teenager-arrested-following-town-centre-affray-2040E
```

* ### Second teenager arrested in connection with town centre affray.

 * ### Arrested on suspicion of criminal damage, affray and public order offences.

 * ### Police thank public for their help.

Another 17 year old boy has been arrested in connection with the altercation that took place in the town centre on Friday November 2, at around 1pm.

The teenager was arrested by officers from the Stevenage Scorpion Team this morning (Tuesday November 6), in Lytton Way at around 11am. He is currently in police custody.

The boy, who is also from Stevenage, has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage, affray and public order offences.

On Friday November 2, two teenage boys were involved in an argument that then reportedly turned violent, with one of the boys producing a knife and threatening the other with it.

The altercation took place outside McDonalds in the Clock Tower Square at around 1pm. Just prior to this a teenage boy was involved in a separate incident where he was allegedly verbally threatened by another teenager who he claims appeared to be carrying a knife. This occurred just outside Primark.

The 17 year old local boy who was arrested on suspicion of affray yesterday (November 5), has been released under investigation.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "I would like to thank everyone who has come forward to help our investigation. If you have information which may help our enquiries and you have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch."

Anyone with any information regarding the incidents should contact the Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference - 41/52630/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
