```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after an out of control dog bit a teenager in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 11 Aug 2020
title: Appeal after dog dangerously out of control in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-dog-dangerously-out-of-control-in-welwyn-garden-city-0485
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after an out of control dog bit a teenager in Welwyn Garden City.

The incident happened on Friday (7 August) on a pathway with bushes either side that runs between Moneyhole Park and Panshanger Park.

At around 11.40am, the victim - a 17 year old boy - was cycling along the pathway when he was chased by a dog that was off its lead. The dog bit the victim on the top of his thigh causing two deep wounds that bled.

PC Luke Trepte, who is investigating, said: "Were you in the area? Did you see what happened?

"The dog is described as a type of large Labrador Pointer cross breed. It had short dark brown fur with pointy ears and a long snout.

"The dog was with a white man, aged between 40 and 50, with a grey beard and a baseball cap on.

"This was understandably a frightening incident and I am urging anyone who saw what happened or anyone with information to get in touch. If you think you know the owner please let us know.

"If you can help, please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _luke.trepte@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/62774/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

_ _
