```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets have been presented with an award to recognise their invaluable contribution to the local community.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2019
title: St Albans cadets presented with award
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/st-albans-cadets-presented-with-award-1166f
```

* ## It was presented by the local mayor.

 * ## The group is currently recruiting new members.

 * ## The award recognises their contribution to the local community.

St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets have been presented with an award to recognise their invaluable contribution to the local community.

The award also celebrates their success in the annual County Cadet Competition, which they have won for the past three years.

The Certificate of Recognition was presented to group leader Inspector Steve Alison by the local mayor, during a meeting of the city and district council earlier this month.

Inspector Alison said: "It was an absolute honour to receive this award on behalf of St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets and I'm so tremendously proud of everything the group has achieved. Competition is always of a very high standard at the annual county event, so being able to win it three years running is testament to how much hard work my cadets put in.

"They also regularly engage with the local community, getting involved with many events and hosting crime prevention days." Councillor Janet Smith, Mayor of St Albans City and District, said: "I was delighted to meet these young, enthusiastic police cadets from St Albans and Harpenden and present them with the award.

"This is the third year in a row that they have won this which is a truly magnificent achievement. I was very impressed with the young male and female cadets that I met and feel the future of Hertfordshire Constabulary is in very good hands."Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

St Albans and Harpenden cadets are currently recruiting new members. If you are interested in joining visit or email

St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates said: "Our cadets are a huge asset to the local policing team here in St Albans and Harpenden and I'm thrilled their efforts have been recognised.

"I would encourage young people to consider joining the group as it's a great way to make new friends and learn new skills, while also giving something back to the local community."
