```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged attempted robbery in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses
publish:
  date: 29 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-Stevenage
```

* ### Did you see attempted robbery in Stevenage town centre?

 * ### A man was approached by two offenders and punched in the face.

 * ### They demanded he hand over his property.

 * ### A 19 year old man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Officers investigating an alleged attempted robbery in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 6.45pm on Monday, December 11, it is reported that the victim was walking in Lytton Way between the town centre and leisure centre when he was approached by a man who punched him in the face.

The victim walked away but was followed by two men into the tunnelled walkway. He was allegedly pushed by the offenders and punched in the face again.

One of the offenders is reported to have demanded that the victim hand over his property. The victim then ran away from the offenders.

Anyone who saw the incident or has information that could assist the on-going police investigation is asked to contact PC Jennie Wilson, quoting crime reference E1/17/10156 by emailing jennie.wilson@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, or reporting information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 19 year old man from Biggleswade has been arrested on suspicion of ABH. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
