```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following robbery at Co-op in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-atCo-op-in-StAlbans-1608F
```

* ### Two men entered the Co-op store in How Wood, St Albans, and demanded money from staff on Sunday morning (February 11).

 * ### They took a quantity of cash before making off out of the front of the store and in an unknown direction.

 * ### Officers are urging anyone who was in the area at the time of the offence to make contact with police.

Officers investigating a robbery in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 6.30am on Sunday (February 11), two offenders entered the Co-op in How Wood and demanded money from the staff inside.

They took a quantity of cash before leaving via the front of the store and making off in an unknown direction.

The offenders are described as two black men, aged between 25 and 35, who were wearing all black, including gloves and face coverings.

No-one was injured during the robbery.

Detective Constable Jody Perrin, who is investigating, said: "Despite the time of day, we believe that there were several people in the area at the time of the robbery who may have information that could assist our investigation.

"If you have not already spoken to police and believe you have information that could assist the investigation please contact me by emailing, call the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F3/18/343 or report information online.

"Alternatively, if you'd rather provide information anonymously contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form."
