```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit (RPU) are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision in Stevenage that left a child seriously injured.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following serious collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-stevenage-412e
```

* ### 11-year-old boy taken to hospital in serious condition following collision.

 * ### Boy was cycling when involved with the collision with a red Seat Ibiza.

 * ### Police ask anyone who saw the incident, or the events prior to it, to get in touch.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit (RPU) are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision in Stevenage that left a child seriously injured.

At around 5.45pm yesterday (Monday, June 24) police were called to a report of a collision between a red Seat Ibiza and an 11-year-old boy who was on a pedal cycle in Oaks Cross.

The ambulance service also attended the incident, alongside the air ambulance.

The boy was taken to Lister Hospital in a serious condition where he remains.

The road was closed between Broadwater Crescent and Broadhall Way to allow the emergency services to work at the scene. The road reopened at around 10pm.

BCH RPU Sergeant Sam Cordingley said: "We are continuing to investigate this collision to establish what happened. Although we have spoken to a number of witnesses, we are still keen to speak with anyone else who may have seen the collision.

"If you saw any part of the incident, or the events prior to it, please contact us. Additionally, we are eager to hear from anyone who may have been driving in the area at the time with a dash cam. Again, please contact us if you can assist our enquiries."

Anyone any information should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 692 of June 24. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/Contact
