```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Radlett have been thanked by pupils from Fairfield School for helping them successfully complete the Mini Police scheme.
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2020
title: Radlett officers thanked for Mini Police scheme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Radlett-officers-thanked-for-Mini-Police-scheme-0418j
```

* ### Bushey and Radlett Safer Neighbourhood Team officers thanked by pupils

 * ### Mini Police scheme helps to break down barriers with young people

 * ### Children pass course with flying colours

Police in Radlett have been thanked by pupils from Fairfield School for helping them successfully complete the Mini Police scheme.

The Year 5 pupils sent the Bushey and Radlett Safer Neighbourhood Team a thank you card which said 'Thank you for everything you have taught us. We have really enjoyed learning about police work!'.

The pupils took part in the seven-week programme earlier this year. Mini Police is an opportunity for children aged between nine and 11 to learn about community safety, in a fun way which gives young people a voice. It is also a means of engaging children within their communities, promoting responsible citizenship, helping to increase confidence and reduce perceived barriers.

The programme is delivered by Safer Neighbourhood Team officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs), police cadet leaders, Children and Young People officers and volunteers.

The pupils learnt about topics including anti-social behaviour, cybercrime, road safety, hate crime and bullying.

PC Kris Endersbee said: "The Mini Police scheme is such an important initiative in helping young people to see police officers as approachable and available to help if they need it.

"This scheme has been running successfully now for a number of years and its lovely to see the children when we are out and about on local patrols. It creates a positive relationship and we hope that it will deter some from participating in negative behaviours in the future.

"Receiving this card was very heart-warming. The children had clearly put lots of effort into it. We look forward to returning to the school in the near future for the next scheme."

**If your school is interested in taking part in the Mini Police scheme, contact your Safer Neighbourhood Team. You can find out who your local team is by entering your school 's postcode at ****www.police.uk**
