```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected stolen and counterfeit goods were seized after a number of warrants were executed in Watford today (Thursday, March 28).
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2019
title: Two people arrested following warrants in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-people-arrested-following-warrants-in-watford-2821
```

* ### Two people were arrested after a number of warrants were executed in Watford

 * ### A 34-year-old man and a 22-year-old man, who are both from Edgware, were arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods

 * ### The pre-planned multi-agency operation, led by Herts Police, involved a number of market stalls and shops in the town centre

Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected stolen and counterfeit goods were seized after a number of warrants were executed in Watford today (Thursday, March 28).

A 34-year-old man and a 22-year-old man, who are both from Edgware, were arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods and are currently in police custody.

The pre-planned multi-agency operation, led by Herts Police, involved the execution of warrants at a number of market stalls and shops in the town centre.

The afternoon of action involved officers from several different teams, including the Operational Support Group*, Operation Scorpion*, the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit and the Safer Neighbourhood Team as well as support from Watford Borough Council Environmental Health officers and Hertfordshire Trading Standards.

Officers seized a quantity of suspected stolen goods - including mobile phones - and suspected counterfeit goods - including handbags - under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "I am very pleased with today's result and today's operation demonstrates how we are working closely with partners in order to drive criminal activity out of our town, as well as further build our intelligence picture.

"During the operation members of the public approached officers and expressed their support for the activity, which was heartening to hear.

"If you have any information about criminal activity in your neighbourhood, we would be very keen to hear from you. We take every report seriously and will always deal robustly with those who break the law."

Elected Mayor of Watford, Peter Taylor, said: "We work closely with the police and other partners to make sure that Watford is a safe and welcoming place. We will always take action when any activities that impact on the safety of people living in our town come to light.

"The good news is that the operation was carried out quickly and successfully. Businesses were able to stay open and normal business resumed very quickly in the town centre. I want to continue to make sure that we are cracking down on crime in our town."

_*The Operational Support Group_ _tackles volume priority and organised criminality using a full range of overt and covert tactics._

* _Operation Scorpion officers_ _target those who commit burglaries, robberies and drug and vehicle-related crime. The proactive team is focused on pursuing criminals causing the most harm to our communities._
