```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a public order offence in Harpenden have released a photo of a man they would like to identify as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: Image released following a public order offence in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/image-released-following-a-public-order-offence-in-harpenden-0234f
```

* ## Officers investigating a public order offence in Harpenden have released a photo of a man they would like to identify as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigation.

 * ## It happened on Roundwood Lane between 2pm and 2.15pm on Sunday 24 May.

 * ## Anyone with information can contact PC Amy Nugent directly via email at amy.nugent@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers investigating a public order offence in Harpenden have released a photo of a man they would like to identify as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigation.

A woman and her partner were walking on Roundwood Lane between 2pm and 2.15pm on Sunday 24 May.

As there was no traffic, the couple were walking on the road to observe social distancing when a male cyclist brushed past them.

When they asked the cyclist to respect social distancing measures, the cyclist got off his bike and was verbally abusive towards them. He also followed the couple for a short distance when they walked away.

PC Amy Nugent, who is investigating, said: "The couple were concerned for their safety. We'd like to speak to the man pictured as we believe he may have been in the area at the time and could have information that is vital to the investigation."

Anyone with information can contact PC Amy Nugent directly via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/41007/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
