```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detective Superintendent Paul Maghie, head of safeguarding, said: \u201CThere are six registered sex offenders from Hertfordshire who are currently wanted. This figure represents less than 1% of the total number of registered sex offenders who are managed by Hertfordshire Constabulary."
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2018
title: Response following national story about registered sex offenders whose whereabouts are unknown
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Response-following-national-story-about-registered-sex-offenders-whose-whereabouts-are-unknown-1823
```

Detective Superintendent Paul Maghie, head of safeguarding, said: "There are six registered sex offenders from Hertfordshire who are currently wanted. This figure represents less than 1% of the total number of registered sex offenders who are managed by Hertfordshire Constabulary.

"We are continuing to actively seek these people and have a specialist team of officers based at police headquarters who carry out this work. Several of these offenders are believed to be out of the country at this time and we are working with other UK forces and foreign law enforcement to find them. As I'm sure you will understand, much of this work is operationally sensitive so I am unable to go into details about the methods we use.

"Information about these offenders and their wanted status is logged on the Police National Computer (PNC), which means their details are shared with all UK forces. Should they be stopped for any reason by police their details will be checked and they will subsequently be arrested.

"We are now in a position to release the details of three wanted registered sex offenders and are appealing for the public's help to trace them. They are:

 * **Robert Morton, aged 54, whose last known address Abbotsbury Court in Watford, is wanted for breach of licence conditions.**

 * **Scott Wood, aged 37, whose last known address is Ely Close in Stevenage, is wanted for failing to appear at court.**

 * **Mihai Gurguta, aged 29, whose last known address is High Street in Baldock, is wanted for breach of his notification requirements.**

"Anyone who has information about their whereabouts is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."

Scott Wood Robert Morton Mihai Gurguta
