```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Waltham Cross which proved fatal.
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal road traffic collision in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-waltham-cross-830K
```

* ### Witnesses to a fatal road traffic collision in Waltham Cross are being sought.

 * ### The incident took place on Lieutenant Ellis Way on Monday (2 November) just after 1pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting **Operation Spherical** if you can help our enquiries.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Waltham Cross which proved fatal.

Just after 1pm on Monday (2 November) a black BMW 218I, a white and yellow Mercedes Sprinter maintenance vehicle and a pedestrian were in collision on Lieutenant Ellis Way.

Officers, the East of England Ambulance Service and the air ambulance attended.

The pedestrian, a man in his 50s, suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital where he died yesterday (Tuesday 3 November).

Sergeant James Thorne, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family of the man who has sadly lost his life.

"We are conducting extensive enquiries into the circumstances of this incident and as part of that are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with further information to contact us.

"If you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle and were travelling on Lieutenant Ellis Way at around 1pm on Monday, we would like to hear from you.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at james.thorne@cambs.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **Operation Spherical**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * A 55 year old man from Waltham Cross has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, and failing to stop at the scene of a collision. He has been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.
