```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an armed robbery in Abbots Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2019
title: "Appeal for information following an armed robbery \u2013 Abbots Langley"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-an-armed-robbery-abbots-langley-1131c
```

* ## Detectives are investigating an armed robbery at Budgens in Abbots Langley where two members of staff were threatened.

 * ## Two suspects entered the store and stole cash and cigarettes before fleeing the scene - the victims were uninjured.

 * ## If you witnessed what happened or saw any suspicious activity in the area, please contact us quoting 41/109225/19.

Detectives investigating an armed robbery in Abbots Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at the Budgens store on the High Street at approximately 9.20pm yesterday (Wednesday 4 December).

Two offenders entered the store carrying an axe and an object similar to a spanner. They threatened two members of staff before taking cash from the till and cigarettes from behind the counter. The staff were not physically injured during the incident.

The first suspect is described as white, in his early twenties, of slim build and around 5ft 6in tall. The second suspect is described as white, in his early twenties and around 6ft 1in tall.

They both wore grey hoodies with the hoods up and had their faces covered.

Detective Sergeant Rob Muir, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This type of crime is very unusual in Abbots Langley and I want to reassure both the victims and residents that we're doing all we can to trace those responsible.

"Officers attended within minutes of the 999 call and we are now carrying out extensive enquiries, but we are asking local residents to think back to last night and recall whether they saw anyone acting suspiciously in the vicinity of Budgens.

"Were you walking or driving along the High Street at the time of the incident? Do you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? If so, we would be keen to see your footage.

"If you have any information you think may be useful but have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/109225/19**."

You can email DS Muir, report information online, use online web chat or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
