```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "At the mid-way point of the national firearms surrender campaign, we\u2019ve had over 70 guns handed in."
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2017
title: "Firearms surrender campaign update \u2013 over 70 weapons off the streets"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/firearms-surrender-campaign-update-over-70-weapons-off-the-streets-1169
```

* ### Herts residents can surrender firearms until Sunday November 26.

 * ### Over 70 weapons surrendered in Herts as part of national campaign.

 * ### Air powered weapons, starting pistols, shotguns and antique weapons have been surrendered, including one haul of 22 weapons.

At the mid-way point of the national firearms surrender campaign, Hertfordshire Constabulary has had over 70 guns handed in.

The campaign began on Monday, November 13 and will run until Sunday, November 26 and has already seen dozens of imitation weapons, air rifles, shotguns and rounds of ammunition safely surrendered to police.

As of Wednesday, November 22, a wide range of air-powered weapons, starting pistols, shotguns and antique weapons have been surrendered, including one haul of 22 weapons.

Whilst Hertfordshire experiences very little gun crime, this campaign is being carried out in support of a national campaign to reduce the number of firearms held privately in the UK. In conjunction with other crime prevention campaigns, the campaign will contribute to making Hertfordshire and neighbouring counties safer places in which to live.

If you have a firearm in your possession that you do not want, or are not licensed/certified to own, please call: 101 to arrange an appointment with one of our specially trained officers. If you have firearms you would like to discuss getting a certificate for, you should contact the police on: 01707 806126 or email

Members of the public can surrender any firearms during the campaign, anonymously if they wish, without fear of prosecution for firearms licensing offences. So if you have an unwanted firearm this is the time to get rid of it.

Detective Sergeant Dan Stoddart, who is leading the firearms surrender operation, said: "The campaign has been very successful so far and we have managed to take a significant number of firearms out of public circulation. Whilst gun crime is very low in Hertfordshire, the national campaign is a great opportunity to stop guns falling into the wrong hands, we are pleased to be able to offer a way for anyone with an unwanted firearm in their possession the opportunity to dispose of it safely.

"There is still time for people to surrender weapons without fear of prosecution for firearms licensing offences. People who wish to keep their firearms can also call arrange to apply for the necessary certificates to ensure they are not breaking the law."

**For more informationvisit.**

Firearms surrender campaign Firearms surrender campaign
