```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "More than 1,400 people have told us they\u2019re keen to become Hertfordshire Constabulary police officers in the space of just three weeks."
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2020
title: More than 1,400 people interested in becoming Hertfordshire police officers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/More-than-1400-people-interested-in-becoming-Hertfordshire-police-officers-0432
```

* ### Are you interested in joining us as a police officer?

 * ### Well over 1,400 people have registered their interested

 * ### There's still time for you to apply

More than 1,400 people have told us they're keen to become Hertfordshire Constabulary police officers in the space of just three weeks.

The force launched a new recruitment drive earlier this month seeking individuals with passion and drive to join up as police officers and has been thrilled with the response.

"It is clear that job seekers out there appreciate what a unique and rewarding job it is to be a police officer and want to make a real impact in their local community," said Chief Constable Charlie Hall.

"We are delighted that more than 1,400 individuals have registered their interest in joining our police force. As a police officer you play a vital role in keeping people safe, reducing crime and catching criminals. Victims and witnesses of crime look to you for support during the worst times of their life."

By joining Hertfordshire Constabulary, you will get to experience the challenges of policing both rural and urban communities. You will receive first-class training and begin your policing service on the frontline responding to 101 and 999 calls. As you progress throughout your career you will have the opportunity to branch out and specialise in others areas of policing too. Throughout your service, you will be fully supported and the strong bonds and friendships you build with your colleagues will remain for life.

Chief Constable Hall added: "The strength of our constabulary undoubtedly lies in its people and I am extremely proud of the work that our officers undertake every day. We are particularly reaching out to our diverse communities and under-represented groups, to say please come forward, we want you to apply as we want our workforce to reflect the communities we serve and protect."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is one of the highest regarded forces in the country by its residents, and respected nationally as a professional and progressive service. It is great to see so many people interested in joining. Policing is one of the most exciting and rewarding careers you can embark on, with a breadth of specialisation opportunities available that are not found in any other job."

For more information about becoming a police officer and how to apply, visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk

Through our 'Positive Action' scheme, Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to building relationships with under-represented groups and encouraging them to join our policing family. For more information and support visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk/diversity
