```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Abbots Langley have released e-fit images of two suspects they would like to identify.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2017
title: E-fit released following attempted robbery in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/E-fit-released-following-attempted-robbery-in-Abbots-Langley-1153C
```

* ### Detectives have released e-fit images of two suspects they would like to identify.

 * ### A dog walker was targeted in Leavesden Country Park and suffered rib injuries.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Abbots Langley have released e-fit images of two suspects they would like to identify.

Between 10.30am and 10.45am on Thursday, October 26, a man aged in his 70s was walking his dog in Leavesden Country Park when he was approached by two men.

The men asked the victim to hand over his wallet and watch before one of the men then grabbed the victim's wrist. As the victim attempted to defend himself, the second suspect took an object out of his jacket and struck the victim in the ribs.

Both offenders then ran off onto Arundel Road and nothing was taken. One of them was bitten by the dog during the incident.

Detective Constable Nick Surridge from Three Rivers Local Crime Unit said: "This was an unprovoked attack which occurred in broad daylight. The victim suffered injuries to his ribs during the incident and is still recovering.

"We are doing all we can to trace those involved and I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may be able to identify the suspects to please get in touch. If you have any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, please contact us."

Anyone who recognises the people pictured, or has information about the incident, is asked to contact the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/17/3324, or use the online reporting form.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **

E-fit image E-fit image
