```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a theft if a bank card in Hoddesdon have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2018
title: CCTV released following theft of bank card
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-released-following-theft-of-bank-card-1925k
```

* ## Appeal after theft of a bank card in Hoddesdon

 * ## The card was stole outside Natwest Bank on Septemeber 10

 * ## Anyone who has information should call 101, quoting crime reference 41/35552/18.

Police investigating a theft if a bank card in Hoddesdon have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

The theft occurred at 11am on Monday September 10, when the victim was using the Natwest cash machine in Hoddesdon Town Centre. The victim was approached by a man who distracted him whilst he was making his transaction. He then discovered his card had been taken. A large sum of money was later withdrawn from another cash point in Ilford using the stolen card.

Officers would like to speak with the person pictured as they may have information which could assist the investigation.

Anyone who recognises them, or has other information, is asked to contact PCSO Louise Roberts via by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/35552/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
