```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Since Wednesday 15 April, police in Stevenage have received four reports of pedal cycles having been stolen from staff at the Lister Hospital and local officers are appealing to anyone who has any information about the thefts to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2020
title: Bikes stolen from NHS workers in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bikes-stolen-from-nhs-workers-in-stevenage-0047
```

* ### Four reports of NHS staff bikes being stolen at the Lister

 * ### Local officers appeal for information

 * ### Patrols stepped up at hospital

Since Wednesday 15 April, police in Stevenage have received four reports of pedal cycles having been stolen from staff at the Lister Hospital and local officers are appealing to anyone who has any information about the thefts to get in touch.

Lister Hospital PCSO Ron Treadwell said: "Stealing a bike in itself is bad enough, but to steal from an NHS worker in these difficult times is truly despicable. We want to find this person/people as soon as possible and will be stepping up patrols around the hospital.

"We are asking for anyone who has been offered a bike or bike parts for sale to get in touch. Or if you know someone who is suddenly in possession of a new bike, let us know."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sergeant Duncan Hall directly via email at _duncan.hall@herts.pnn.police.uk_ .

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/30527. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
