```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five new Special Constables will be joining their first shifts across Hertfordshire after being formally welcomed into the constabulary at their attestation ceremony.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: New volunteer police officers join Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-volunteer-police-officers-join-hertfordshire-1259
```

* ### Five new volunteer police officers start work

 * ### We're looking for more Special Constables

 * ### If you'd like to know more, register for next week's information evening

Five new Special Constables will be joining their first shifts across Hertfordshire after being formally welcomed into the constabulary at their attestation ceremony.

And if you'd like to become a volunteer police officer, we have a few places left at our next information evening on Wednesday 22 January at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City for people to find out more. Email to register: _specialsrecruitment@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

During 11 weeks of training, new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment, which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

The new Special Constables who graduated at Police Headquarters on Thursday 9 January are:

**Broxbourne**

 * **James Riddick** who works in water safety.

**Dacorum**

 * **Holly Wilkinson** who works in IT.

**St Albans**

 * **Rhiannon Ellis and Jade Gransby** who are both studying criminology and criminal justice at university.

**Watford**

 * **Sophie O 'Connor **who works in the Force Control Room here at Hertfordshire Constabulary.

They were joined on the evening by family, friends and local dignitaries, including Broxbourne Mayor Steven Wortley, Dacorum Mayor Terry Douris, St Albans Mayor Janet Smith, Welwyn Hatfield Mayor Roger Trigg and Watford Vice Chairman Aga Dychton.Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

Assistant Chief Constable Matt Nicholls awarded the Specials with their certificates, said: "I was delighted to welcome these new Special Constables to our team. The work that Specials do is vital in helping us to police the county. I wish them all well as they embark on their first shifts and hope other people feel inspired to volunteer, too."

Special Constabulary Chief Officer, Mark Kendrew said: "Our new volunteers have been through a rigorous recruitment process and spent a number of weeks completing the intensive training required to fulfil the role of a Special Constable.

"Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and that makes a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire."

If you're interested in joining the Special Constabulary, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk and register for our information evening by emailing _specialsrecruitment@herts.pnn.police.uk_
