```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Stevenage yesterday (Monday, October 30).
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-incident-in-Stevenage-1087E
```

* ### Appeal following robbery in York Road, Stevenage

 * ### One man suffered injuries

 * ### If you have information contact police as soon as possible via 101

Detectives from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Stevenage yesterday (Monday, October 30).

At around 4.40pm a black Vauxhall Astra containing five people was in York Road. A blue Volkswagen Polo pulled behind the Astra and a number of people got out from the Polo.

There was an altercation between the occupants of the vehicles, which resulted in one of the Astra's passengers sustaining cuts to his leg head, which required hospital treatment.

The offenders left the area in the Polo, but also stole the Astra.

The Astra has since been found in Ascott Crescent and recovered by officers.

There were five offenders involved in the incident. They were all male and originally travelling in the Polo.

One is described as white, aged in his 20s, of a heavy build and around 5ft 10ins tall. He had a local accent and was wearing a baseball cap.

Another is described as being of mixed race, of skinny build and with black afro-style hair.

The three other offenders were black. One is described as being of a big build with shaved hair. Another is described as being around 5ft 5ins tall, of average build and around 16 years old.

Detective Sergeant Phoebe Biggs is investigating the incident and said: "We believe this was a targeted incident and are currently pursuing a number of lines of investigation.

"This happened near rush hour so there may have been a number of people in the area. We would like to speak with anyone who saw what happened.

"Equally, we'd like to hear from anyone who witnessed the offenders abandoning the car in Ascott Crescent.

"Any information, no matter how trivial you believe it to be, could prove very useful to our investigation so please do contact us."

Anyone who has information in relation to this incident is asked to contact the Stevenage Local Crime Unit via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference E1/17/8834, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
