```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Radlett are appealing to trace a woman who offered to help the victim after the incident.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2018
title: Appeal to trace Good Samaritan following robbery - Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-good-samaritan-following-robbery-radlett-1778J
```

* ### Police are appealing for help in tracing a female member of the public who may have witnessed a robbery in Gill Hills Lane, Radlett, on September 7.

 * ### At around 2.30pm the victim, a 15 year old boy, has his bag stolen, which contained his iPhone.

 * ### A woman went up to him following the incident to see if he was okay. If this was you, or one of your family/friends, please call 101 quoting 41/34658/18.

Officers investigating a robbery in Radlett are appealing to trace a woman who offered to help the victim after the incident.

It happened in Gill Hills Lane, Radlett, at around 2.30pm on Friday, September 7.

The victim, a 15 year old boy, was walking on the pavement with a friend when they passed a red Citroen which was parked up.

Three men exited the vehicle and threatened the victim with what are believed to be small flick knives before taking his bag, which contained his iPhone.

They got back in the vehicle and drove away in the direction of Watford Road.

The victim and his friend were not injured during the incident.

Detective Constable Ian Waldock, who is investigating, said: "We would like to reassure the public that this type of incident is very unusual in Radlett, and we are doing all we can to trace those responsible.

"We are particularly keen to speak to a female member of the public who kindly offered to help the victim after the incident. He was shaken and instead ran straight home, but if you were the lady who approached him, we would very much like to speak to you as you could have vital information that could assist us in our investigation.

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that you believe could assist police, please contact us."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Waldock by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/34658/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
