```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Radlett are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following collision in Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-radlett-0322c
```

* ### At around 3.30pm on Friday, May 31, three vehicles were involved in a collision in Harper Lane.

 * ### Seven occupants sustained minor injuries, one person sustained wrist and sternum fractures and another person sustained serious injuries requiring surgery.

 * ### Officers are appealing for any witnesses to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101.

Officers investigating a collision in Radlett are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 3.30pm on Friday, May 31, a white Volkswagen Transporter shuttle, a white Audi A3 and a grey Volkswagen Passat were in collision in Harper Lane.

Seven occupants sustained minor injuries, one person sustained wrist and sternum fractures and another person sustained serious injuries requiring surgery.

Sergeant Peter Scholes from the Road Policing Unit Support Group said: "I am keen to speak to anyone who witnessed a white Audi A3 in the area prior to the collision.

"Anyone with information can contact me by emailing or report information online _. " _

_You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere_ _ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 500 of May 31. _

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
