```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man from Waltham Cross has been jailed for a year and eight months after pleading guilty to several driving offences.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2020
title: Man jailed for driving offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-driving-offences-1483
```

* ### Peter Toohey, 31, was sentenced for 1 year and 8 months for several driving offences.

 * ### On Sunday 2 February, officers attempted to stop his vehicle.

 * ### Toohey failed to stop, resulting in a short pursuit, and caused damage to 8 other vehicles.

A 31-year-old man from Waltham Cross has been jailed for a year and eight months after pleading guilty to several driving offences.

On Sunday 2 February, at around 10.20am, officers attempted to stop a white BMW X5 after being called to the Welcome Break car park in South Mimms following reports of an altercation.

The vehicle made off at speed, swerving onto the wrong side of the road towards oncoming traffic. The vehicle then continued driving towards static traffic, hitting and causing damage to several other vehicles belonging to members of the public.

Approximately eight vehicles were damaged.

Following a short pursuit, the vehicle came to a stop in Darkes Lane, and the offender was detained.

Peter Toohey, of Cypress Court, was arrested at the scene. He appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 28 February, where he was found guilty of:

 * Failing to stop for police
 * Dangerous driving
 * Driving while disqualified
 * Driving without valid insurance
 * Failing to provide a sample of breath.

As well as a custodial sentence, Toohey was disqualified from driving for 46 months.

PC Stewart Robertson, who investigated the case, said: "Thankfully, while Toohey's actions did unfortunately result in several damaged vehicles, nobody was injured. This could have had a very different outcome if it wasn't for the quick response from our Road Policing Unit.

"This was an incredibly quick-moving investigation, with a man charged and put before the courts within 48 hours of the incident taking place. We hope this gives the public some peace of mind, and shows just how seriously we take offences of this nature.

"Please remember that when you drive dangerously, not only are you putting your own life at risk, but you're also risking the lives of others. It is never worth the risk, and if you're caught you will face serious consequences. I hope Toohey uses his time in prison to reflect on his actions, and that he realises the serious threat he posed to countless members of the public that day.

"If you witness someone driving dangerously, or have reason to believe someone is going to drive dangerously, please don't hesitate to report it."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
