```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A group of school children from Camps Hill Primary School in Chells Way have been giving motorists in the area advice on safe driving.
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2018
title: Stevenage School Children Educate Motorists
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Stevenage-School-Children-Educate-Motorists0129MD
```

* ### Six schoolchildren from Camps Hill Primary School have been helping officers to educate motorists about safe driving

 * ### Sergeant Nic Achilleos organised the initiative following reports of speeding outside the school

 * ### Nine drivers were stopped for exceeding the 30mph speed limit in the hour they were there today

A group of school children from Camps Hill Primary School in Chells Way have been giving motorists in the area advice on safe driving.

The six pupils aged between 9 and 10 years old, joined officers from their Safer Neighbourhood Team to carry out speeding patrols near to their school on Chells Way today (Friday April 27). They were also joined by their local Road Safety Officer, Barbara Lane, from the Active & Safer Travel Team at Hertfordshire County Council. The Active & Safer Travel team encourage active journeys to school and developing road safety skills.

The children are currently doing a special project on road safety at school.

After a road safety talk earlier in the term with local Safer Neighbourhood Officer, PCSO Nikki Gray, today the children joined police on the roadside.

Working alongside officers, the children monitored the speeds of vehicles travelling past. Any motorists caught exceeding the legal limit were directed to a safe stopping point nearby, where the children spoke to them about their driving and issued them with a specially designed poster designed by the pupils and some driving advice.

In all, nine drivers were stopped for exceeding the 30mph speed limit in the hour they were there.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Nic Achilleos, who organised the event said: "We had received some complaints about speeding on Chells Way, so I contacted the school to see if they would be interested in joining us on some speed enforcement".

"This was a very successful initiative, not only did the children learn about road safety and the importance of driving at a safe speed, but we also educated a few drivers too".

"Too many people drive far too fast in the vicinity of our schools and a child can easily be killed by a driver doing 30mph. I hope we will see a real improvement in the way people drive around schools and in general".

"The warnings of the children on the drivers stopped were so much more effective than an officer reporting a driver for breaking the speed limit. The initiative has also had a very positive impact on the children and they now have a much clearer idea about road safety and safe driving".

Sgt Nicolas Achilleos, the schoolchildren and PCSO Antony Johnson PC Stephen Beard carrying out a speed check PC Ricky Carter and the schoolchildren presenting one of their posters to a driver
