```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious assault (GBH) where the victim suffered three stab wounds have asked for potential witnesses to come forward as they may have information that could help their investigation.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2019
title: Appeal to witnesses of a serious assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-witnesses-of-serious-assault-in-st-albans-1108
```

Officers investigating a serious assault (GBH) where the victim suffered three stab wounds have asked for potential witnesses to come forward as they may have information that could help their investigation.

The incident happened at 5.20am on Wednesday 27 November on St Peters Street.

Police are asking if motorists saw a man walking across the junction at St Peters Street and into Victoria Street.

DC Richard Staff from Hatfield Safeguarding, who is investigating said: "I want to appeal to those passers-by who may have seen the suspect walking around to get in contact with us as you may have information that could help us solve this case. Please get in touch with information, no matter small."

"This incident is an isolated incident between two people who we believe know each other. Thankfully the victim's injuries are not life threatening.

"I know incidents like this can be alarming but we are doing everything we can to protect the public, including conducting extra patrols in the area."

Anyone who has information should contact DC Staff on richard.staff@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/107160/19. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at http://www.crimestoppers-uk.org/. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 54-year-old man from St Albans has been charged with GBH and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place. He is remanded and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 6 January.
