```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2019
title: Witness appeal following collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-in-stevenage-0349e
```

* ### At around 10.05pm yesterday (Monday, June 10), a marked police vehicle was involved in a collision on the A1(M) between junctions six and seven just south of Stevenage.

 * ### The officers were responding to an incident in challenging weather conditions, lost control and left the carriageway.

 * ### Any witnesses are asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 787 of June 10.

Officers investigating a collision in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 10.05pm yesterday (Monday, June 10), a marked police vehicle, a BMW X5, was involved in a collision on the A1(M) between junctions six and seven just south of Stevenage.

Two officers were responding to an incident in challenging weather conditions, lost control and left the carriageway. The officers were assisted by members of the public and were taken to hospital with serious but not life threatening injuries.

Road closures were put in place on both the northbound and southbound carriageways, and were lifted at around 8am today (Tuesday, June 11).

Investigations into the circumstances surrounding the collision are continuing at this time **.**

Sergeant James Thorne from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "We have spoken to a number of witnesses already but we're asking anyone who has not yet been in contact and who saw the collision to please call 101.

"We're also asking anyone who may have dash cam footage of the incident or the lead up to it to please get in contact."

Anyone with information can contact Sergeant Thorne by emailing, report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere_ _ or call the non-emergency number 101, _quoting ISR 787 of June 10 _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
