```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Friday, December 7) been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 10 years after pleading guilty to the attempted murder of his former girlfriend.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2018
title: Man sentenced for attempted murder - Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-attempted-murder-radlett-2202
```

* ### Frank Brinkley, aged 52, of no fixed address, forced his way into his former partner's address and stabbed her 14 times

 * ### He fled the scene but was arrested by police officers two days later

 * ### Brinkley has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 10 years after pleading guilty to attempted murder, throwing a corrosive substance and common assault

A man has today (Friday, December 7) been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 10 years after pleading guilty to the attempted murder of his former girlfriend.

Frank Brinkley, aged 52, of no fixed address, appeared at St Albans Crown Court after pleading guilty to the following charges:

 * Common assault
 * Attempted murder
 * Throwing a corrosive substance

The first charge relates to an incident in Radlett town centre on the afternoon of May 3 this year.

Brinkley's former girlfriend, aged in her 40s, and her current partner, aged in his 30s, were sat on a bench when Brinkley approached them and began verbally abusing them.

They both got up to walk away when Brinkley hit his former girlfriend's new partner on the back of the head in an unprovoked attack.

The second and third charge relates to an incident on the afternoon of May 27 this year, when Brinkley turned up at his former partner's home in Scrubbits Square, Radlett in possession of a knife and forced his way into the address.

He chased her into the bathroom and launched a violent attack, stabbing her 14 times which left her in acute pain and soaked in blood. He also threw bleach over her before fleeing the scene, with the knife he used still in his back pocket.

Despite her injuries, the female victim managed to call the emergency services. Officers attended the scene alongside paramedics and she was taken to a London hospital for emergency surgery to her arms and torso. She has now made a full recovery.

Brinkley was arrested in London Colney two days later, on May 29. He still had the knife believed to have been used to attack his former girlfriend in his back pocket.

Detective Constable Natalia Allodi-Robertson, from the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit, said: "This is absolutely the right result for the victim. Brinkley stabbed her in frenzied attack fuelled by jealousy, before throwing bleach over her and fleeing the scene without any concern for her welfare. It must have been a terrifying situation for both her and her partner.

"The doctors who operated on the female victim said it was pure luck that the knife had missed her vital organs. I want to commend her bravery in this case, as her support of our investigation means Brinkley has today been sentenced to a long period behind bars.

"Brinkley will be eligible for parole after serving 10 years however, if he were ever released it would be on licence and he would be closely monitored for the rest of his life because he has shown himself to be a danger to others."

Judge Stephen Warner told Brinkley that he had 'shown himself to be a dangerous man who carries out calculated attacks'.

_Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 0808 808 8088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower websitewww.HertsSunflower.org_

Frank Brinkley Two of the victim's 14 stab wounds Two of the victim's 14 stab wounds
