```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Several knives and an imitation firearm were found during a warrant in Leavesden executed by Operation Scorpion officers.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2020
title: Knives and imitation firearm found during warrant in Leavesden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Knives-and-imitation-firearm-found-during-warrant-in-leavesden-0874
```

* ### Knives and an imitation firearm were found during a warrant in Leavesden

 * ### Operation Scorpion officers were supported by colleagues when they entered the address on Bateson Drive

 * ### The team acted on intelligence suggesting an illegal firearm was being kept at the address, but it was revealed to be a BB gun

Several knives and an imitation firearm were found during a warrant in Leavesden executed by Operation Scorpion officers.

Officers entered the address in Bateson Drive at 5.30am on Thursday 12 November under Section 46 of the Firearms Act 1968.

They were supported by colleagues in the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Armed Policing Unit, a Police Search Advisor (POLSA), the BCH Dog Unit and the local Safer Neighbourhood Team.

Two people inside the property were detained and the address was searched. A handgun - later confirmed to be a BB gun after an assessment by specially-trained officers from the BCH Armed Policing Unit - was located, along with a number of lock knives.

The occupant of the address surrendered the knives to officers as part of the Operation Sceptre knife amnesty, which ran from 9 to 13 November.

PC Marcus Zost, from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team, said: "There was significant police activity in the street as a result of this warrant, which we were granted after receiving intelligence to suggest a firearm was being kept at the address.

"While we did locate an imitation firearm, we found no evidence of any illegal firearms but we will continue to take any intelligence and information of this nature very seriously.

"Our colleagues in the Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team conducted a door-knock exercise to ensure the local residents were reassured around the reason for our presence. Many said they were pleased to see us, and I want to reiterate that we will always act if we have reason to believe illegal activity is taking place at an address.

"We have removed several knives from the streets and filed a detailed intelligence report as a result of our high-visibility operation."

If you have any information about suspected criminality in your neighbourhood, please share it with police. You can report it online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively if you do not feel comfortable approaching the police directly, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
