```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man and a woman have been arrested following reports of drug dealing at an address in Cannix Close in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 5 May 2020
title: Two arrested on suspicion of dealing class A drugs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-on-suspicion-of-dealing-class-a-drugs-0087e
```

* ## Two people arrested for class A drugs offences in Stevenage.

 * ## Warrant executed at a property in the town.

 * ## Suspected cocaine seized.

A man and a woman have been arrested following reports of drug dealing at an address in Cannix Close in Stevenage.

At 7am on Saturday 2 May, officers attended the property and arrested a 40 year old man as he attempted to flee the address. They also arrested a 50 year old woman who was found inside the property.

A quantity of suspected cocaine was also seized.

The man has been arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs and possession with intent to supply. The woman on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

Both have been released under investigation.

Our police teams are still working hard for you. If you suspect drug crime is being committed in your area please report online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online. You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
