```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man aged in his 40s received serious injuries following a dispute in St Albans and police are appealing for anyone with any information to come forward to help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: Man in hospital following assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-in-hospital-following-assault-in-st-albans-0201f
```

* ## A man received serious injuries following a dispute at the Jamie Mosque and Bangladesh Islamic Centre in Hatfield Road, St Albans.

 * ## The incident is being thoroughly investigated.

 * ## Anyone with any information is asked to contact Detective Sergeant Paul Wadsworth from the Local Crime Unit.

A man aged in his 40s received serious injuries following a dispute in St Albans and police are appealing for anyone with any information to come forward to help with their enquiries.

It happened at the Jamie Mosque and Bangladesh Islamic Centre in Hatfield Road at around 11.35pm on Thursday (June 4). The victim suffered injuries including a fractured rib and he is still in hospital.

It is believed that a small group of men were involved.

Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "We are appealing for anyone who saw what happened to contact us, as we know there were people at the Islamic Centre on Thursday evening. Anyone with any information about the incident is asked to make contact so we can piece together exactly what happened prior to the man receiving these injuries."

He added: "We do not believe this to be a hate crime. All parties have an affiliation to the mosque. We are thoroughly investigating this incident and will be looking to take positive action against those responsible for this serious assault."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Sergeant Paul Wadsworth from the Local Crime Unit directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 914 of June 4. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls. You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/stalbans and have your say.
