```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a report of an attempted robbery in Hitchin on Saturday (May 5).
publish:
  date: 8 May 2018
title: Attempted robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-Hitchin-0183G
```

* ### Appeal following attempted robbery in Hitchin park.

 * ### Man was approached by another man demanding money.

 * ### Park was busy with lots of people enjoying the weather.

Police are appealing for witnesses following a report of an attempted robbery in Hitchin on Saturday (May 5).

At around 1.30pm, a man was walking on Elmside Walk through Butts Close park when he was approached from behind by another man.

The second man demanded the first man's belongings. When the victim refused, he made off in the direction of Waitrose. No belongings were taken.

The offender is described as a white man in his 20s, around 5ft 5in tall and of medium build. He had short black hair and was wearing a grey top and blue jeans.

Detective Sergeant Karen Lewis from the North Herts Local Crime Unit said: "It was a sunny day and there would have been a large number people in the park enjoying the weather. I am confident that someone would have seen this incident and would have information that would assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/1416, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
