```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man and a woman who worked together to abuse a child have been jailed.
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2018
title: Man and woman jailed for abusing child
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-and-woman-jailed-for-abusing-child-2139
```

* ### A man and woman have been jailed for abusing a child.

 * ### The abuse spanned over three years when the victim was aged between three and six.

 * ### The offenders will remain on the Sex Offenders Register for life and have been made subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for 12 years.

A man and a woman who worked together to abuse a child have been jailed.

Paula Dos-Reis, aged 28, of Greencroft Gardens in Enfield and Andrew Barker, aged 53, of Dog Kennel Lane in Chorleywood, both pleaded guilty to a string of offences at Luton Crown Court on Friday (November 23).

Dos-Reis was charged with:

 * Making indecent photographs of a child between October 2014 and June 2017
 * Distributing indecent photographs of a child between October 2014 and June 2017
 * Eight counts of causing a child aged under 13 years old to engage in sexual activity. (These offences occurred between October 2014 and May 2017)
 * Two counts of converting criminal property between February 2013 and May 2017

Barker was charged with:

 * Eight counts of causing a child aged under 13 years old to engage in sexual activity. (These offences occurred between October 2014 and May 2017)
 * Making indecent images of children between January 2011 and June 2017
 * Possession of extreme pornography between January 2011 and June 2017
 * Possession of prohibited images of children between January 2011 and June 2017
 * Distribution of indecent images of children between October 2014 and June 2017

The pair had struck up a relationship which later developed into Dos-Reis providing abuse images and videos of her with a child in return for payments. The victim was aged between two and six years old when the abuse took place.

In total Dos-Reis received around £64,000 in payments from Barker.

Sentencing them today (Monday, November 26) at Luton Crown Court, His Honour Judge Andrew Goymer described the crimes as 'horrendous'.

He jailed Dos-Reis for six years and Barker for six years and nine months. They have both been placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life and have been made subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for 12 years.

Detective Sergeant Mike Birch from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Child Online Safeguarding Team said: "Dos-Reis and Barker's offending came to our attention via the National Crime Agency as part of a wider investigation they were carrying out into online abuse footage.

"Dos-Reis met Barker through her work and they began a relationship in 2012. In 2014 the abuse began and continued for three years with Dos-Reis receiving significant payments in return for her despicable crimes.

"Our main priority in this case was safeguarding the young victim who is now safe and is continuing to receive specialist support as the actions of Dos-Reis and Barker will have a life-long impact on her.

"Although Dos-Reis and Barker have now been jailed this is not where the case ends as we are now working to seize the money Dos-Reis received under the Proceeds of Crime Act."
