```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Wedgewood Road, Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following incident in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-in-hitchin-0655g
```

* ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Hitchin.

 * ## The incident happened in Wedgewood Road on Wednesday 16 September, just before 2pm.

 * ## A man was detained and arrested after being found in possession of a knife.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Wedgewood Road, Hitchin.

On Wednesday 16 September, just before 2pm, officers were called to reports that a man was allegedly standing in the street, behaving erratically and in possession of a knife.

Officers attended and a man was quickly detained to ensure his safety, as well as that of officers and members of the public, before being arrested.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "This happened in a residential area in the middle of the day - we believe that multiple people would have witnessed the incident taking place, and we're appealing for them to get in contact with us.

"If you did witness this taking place, or have any information that you think could assist with our investigation, please get in touch as soon as you can."

Anyone with information can contact DC Lomax directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/74319/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

 * **A 19-year-old man from Hitchin was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon. He has been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.**
