```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Watford are issuing an appeal to trace the victim.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2019
title: Appeal to trace victim of theft in Watford in June
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-victim-of-theft-in-watford-in-june-1160
```

* ### Officers are hoping to trace a victim of a theft in the High Street, Watford.

 * ### The incident happened on Wednesday 26 June.

 * ### His mobile phone, oyster card and money from his wallet were stolen.

Officers investigating a theft in Watford are issuing an appeal to trace the victim.

The incident happened on Wednesday 26 June, in the High Street.

The victim had been sitting on the kerb near to the station, when he was approached by three males. They allegedly stole his mobile phone, his Oyster card and money from his wallet.

Detective Constable David Herring, who is investigating, said: "Unfortunately, despite extensive enquiries, we've been unable to get back in contact with the victim.

"Following an arrest earlier this month, we believe we may have recovered some of the property that was stolen from him. We'd like to get back in contact with him, so we can follow up with the investigation and return his belongings.

"If you were the victim, or you think you might know the victim, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Herring directly via email at David.Herring@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/57880/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
