```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an assault in Hertford are appealing for anyone who saw the incident to come forward.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2018
title: Did you witness assault in Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-assault-in-Hertford-0034A
```

* ### The incident occurred in Fore Street in the early hours of Sunday, March 25.

 * ### A man sustained and broken nose and a woman was left with a black eye.

 * ### Witnesses are being urged to come forward.

Police investigating an assault in Hertford are appealing for anyone who saw the incident to come forward.

Between 2.30am and 2.55am on Sunday, March 25, a man and woman were walking along Fore Street when they were approached and assaulted.

The man sustained a broken nose and required surgery. The woman sustained a black eye.

PC Andy Lock, who is investigating, said: "This appears to be a completely unprovoked attack on two people who had been enjoying a night out. It is not known exactly how many people were involved at this stage so I am therefore appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or who has information which may assist our investigation, to please come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Lock by emailing or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/18/955. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
