```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Special Inspector from Hertfordshire Constabulary is set to run the New York marathon this year to raise money for the PC Nicola Hughes Memorial Fund.
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2019
title: Special Inspector to run New York marathon in aid of PC Nicola Hughes Memorial Fund
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-inspector-to-run-new-york-marathon-in-aid-of-pc-nicola-hughes-memorial-fund-0438
```

* ### Welwyn Hatfield Special Inspector David Whitelegg will be running the New York marathon to raise money for the PC Nicola Hughes Memorial Fund

 * ### The PC Nicola Hughes Memorial Fund was set up after the murder of two Greater Manchester Police officers in 2012

 * ### Special Inspector Whitelegg and the rest of his team, are hoping to be able to fund four young people through a university course

A Special Inspector from Hertfordshire Constabulary is set to run the New York marathon this year to raise money for the PC Nicola Hughes Memorial Fund.

On Sunday, November 3, Welwyn Hatfield Special Inspector David Whitelegg will be running alongside more than 60 police officers and staff, prison officers and members of the public, to help make a difference to the lives of murder victims' children.

The PC Nicola Hughes Memorial Fund was set up after the murder of two Greater Manchester Police officers in 2012. PC Nicola Hughes and PC Fiona Bone were tragically shot and killed whilst they were on duty responding to an incident.

PC Hughes' father, Bryn Hughes, established the charity in 2014 with the aim of providing support and learning opportunities for children who have suffered the loss of a close family member through violent crime such as murder or manslaughter. He will be joining the team to run the marathon.

By raising money to run the marathon, Special Inspector Whitelegg and the rest of his team, are hoping to be able to fund four young people through a university course which will cost a total of £100,000.

Special Inspector Whitelegg said: "I'm certainly not what you would call a natural athlete but I'm looking forward to the challenge. The PC Nicola Hughes Memorial Fund is a fantastic cause and I am proud to be raising money for them.

"I've decided to train for the marathon by participating in 'Run to Remember' which was set up by Bryn as part of the memorial fund. This challenge involves running 200 miles in 100 days and will hopefully stand me in good stead for November.

"This month, I will also be taking part in the UK COPS Unity tour, a bike ride from the National Police Memorial in London to the National Arboretum in Staffordshire, which will raise money for Care of Police Survivors (COPS), a charity dedicated to helping the families of police officers who have lost their lives on duty.

"It's going to be a busy year and at times the training can be very tough but the thought of being able to help improve the lives of children who have lost parents in the most unimaginable circumstances is enough to spur me on."

If you would like to sponsor Special Inspector Whitelegg in the New York marathon visit https://uk.virginmoneygiving.com/DavidWhitelegg

To sponsor him in the UK COPS Unity Tour visit http://www.justgiving.com/owner-email/pleasesponsor/David-Whitelegg2
