```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: In recognition of IDAHOBiT Day (International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia), the Constabulary raised the rainbow flag at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City yesterday (Thursday, May 17) and hosted the first screening of a film about hate crime.* Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd also displayed the flag at his offices at Harpenden Police Station.
publish:
  date: 18 May 2018
title: Force flies rainbow flag and shows hate crime film to celebrate diversity
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Force-flies-rainbow-flag-and-shows-hate-crime-film-to-celebrate-diversity-0212
```

In recognition of IDAHOBiT Day (International Day Against Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia), the Constabulary raised the rainbow flag at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City yesterday (Thursday, May 17) and hosted the first screening of a film about hate crime.* Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd also displayed the flag at his offices at Harpenden Police Station.

IDAHOBiT Day was created in 2004 to draw the attention of policymakers, opinion leaders, social movements, the public and the media to the violence and discrimination experienced by LGBT+ (Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender+) people internationally who do not conform to sexual and gender norms. May 17 is now celebrated in more than 130 countries.

As part of this significant date on the LGBT+ calendar, the Constabulary also teamed up with YC Hertfordshire and the LGBTQ strategic group Who not What ****** to host the first screening of the film that they have produced about hate crime. The film was created by young people who are part of Who not What and is aimed at people aged over 13. It aims to raise awareness of hate crime and how people can report it if they find themselves a victim. The film - entitled 'What is a Hate crime?' \- can be viewed via this link.

As well as YC Hertfordshire and Who not What, members of the Constabulary's staff and officers, Hertfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd, Herts Fire and Rescue Service, Herts Aid, Herts for Learning, The University of Hertfordshire and NHS Hertfordshire also attended the flag raising and screening.

** **

**Hertfordshire Constabulary 's Chief Constable Charlie Hall said:** "I am delighted that we are supporting IDAHOBiT Day again this year and that we have had significant support from our officers, staff and our partner agencies.

"IDAHOBiT Day is a significant date on the LGBT+ calendar and we are proud to recognise it by raising the rainbow flag and hosting the premier of this important film. We are committed to providing the best service to all our diverse communities and the LGBT community is an important part of this."

**Chief Superintendent Matthew Nicholls is the Constabulary 's force lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identify. He said: **"Every year we are proud to raise the rainbow flag on IDAHOBiT Day. We want to make it clear to the LGBT+ community that if they are a victim of a homophobic, transphobic or biphobic crime, they should not hesitate to report it to police. All of our officers take victims and witnesses seriously and will treat them with sensitivity, but victims can also be put into contact with one of our especially trained LGBT+ Liaison Officers who can offer additional support.

"As part of IDAHOBiT day this year we were delighted to also support the screening of the hate crime film. I'm sure it will make a real difference to young people who might find themselves a victim and encourage them to report offences."

 **Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire David Lloyd, said:** "Homophobia, transphobia and biphobia still exists in our community and raising the flag shows our support of these groups. I commend the Constabulary's positive engagement with the LGBT community."

 **Diversity in the force**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to eliminating discrimination and building and maintaining good working relationships with all of the county's diverse communities. Not only does this help the force to understand and serve all of its communities better, it is hoped that every single person \- no matter what their background or circumstances - will feel they can approach the police in times of need and be taken seriously.

As part of this, the force has created dedicated teams which represent the county's wide ranging communities covering sexual orientation and transgender, age, religion and belief, race, disability and gender. Further information on how the Constabulary can support the LGBT+ community can be found here www.herts.police.uk/laglo

***Hate Crime** is a crime where a victim is perceived to be targeted because of their religion, race, sexual orientation, disability or transgender identity. Hate crimes are despicable offences which tend to carried out against the most vulnerable members of society. Victims of hate crime - including transgender and homophobic victims - can report offences directly to police via the non-emergency number 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively hate crime can also be reported online through the True Vision website www.report-it.org.uk which all police forces in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are signed up to.

** **Who not What** is a group of young people supported by YC Hertfordshire who have come together to represent the voice of the young Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender and Questioning community of Hertfordshire.
