```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A multi-agency training event that was staged at Watford Football Club on Saturday has been hailed a success.
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2017
title: Multi-agency training exercise goes well
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/multi-agency-training-exercise-goes-well
```

* ### Multi-agency training event a success.

 * ### Training exercise was held at Watford Football Club on Saturday, October 7.

 * ### Exercise Heron given an authentic feel for all the partners taking part.

A multi-agency training event that was staged at Watford Football Club on Saturday has been hailed a success.

Dozens of volunteers braved cool temperatures and rainy conditions to act as 'casualties' and give exercise Heron an authentic feel for all the partners taking part. The scenario was based on a marauding terrorist threat within the ground and the tactical response of police and partners.

The training session involved the East of England Ambulance Service, Hertfordshire Constabulary, Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service the local NHS Trust and Watford General Hospital, Regional Military Liaison and a range of stakeholders including Watford Football Club and the Premier League. It started with a traffic incident outside the stadium before becoming a mass casualty exercise within the grounds.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge was the Force lead on the exercise and wanted to extend his thanks to all those involved. He said: "This timely and highly relevant exercise was designed to test our multi-agency response to an on-going incident involving mass casualties. This is a complex task and such responses require the commitment of all agencies and many other responders and organisations.

"This exercise replicated some of that complexity and could not have been undertaken without the hard work of the planners, role players and enthusiasm and willingness of wider organisations to work together."Whilst a level of disruption was anticipated, no concerns were raised to police related to the event.

Richard added: "Thank you to all those who took part on Saturday and to Watford Football Club for providing an excellent venue for the exercise scenario."Glyn Evans, Watford FC's Operations Director said: "It was our privilege to host an exercise that demonstrated good communication and highly collaborative working to be at the forefront of everyone's thinking.

"Our special thanks to the volunteers who came along to ensure a very meaningful day."

Participants will get to share their experiences of the exercise during a dedicated de-brief.
