```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Having dealt with several serious incidents during his 20 year career in Hertfordshire, Mark Bilsdon is looking forward to his new role as the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Inspector.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2019
title: Meet new Hertsmere Neighbourhood Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Meet-new-Hertsmere-Neighbourhood-Inspector-2569J
```

* Meet the new Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Mark Bilsdon.

 * Follow the Safer Neighbourhood Teams on Twitter @BorehamwoodPolice @BusheyPolice @PottersPolice or @HertsmereChief or on Facebook under Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership.

 * If you would like to receive emails about crime in your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) **www.owl.co.uk** or speak to your local PCSO.

Having dealt with several serious incidents during his 20 year career in Hertfordshire, Mark Bilsdon is looking forward to his new role as the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Inspector.

He has replaced Inspector Pete Edwards two weeks ago (January 30), who is now working as the Staff Officer for the Chief Constable.

He said: "I like being practical and tackling a problem in a systematic way, which I used in my previous role as an Intervention Inspector to deal with high intensity situations. I will use this skill to problem solve longer term quality of life issues affecting residents across Hertsmere.

"I was pleased to be offered this post in Hertsmere as I welcome the unique range of issues covering three very different areas - Bushey, Potters Bar and Borehamwood. We have TV studios in our area as well as main roads and we are very close to London boroughs. I still get a buzz from having a positive effect on people's lives. Joining the police was the best thing I've ever done. I still feel I'm achieving something and making a difference. I proactively try and find the people causing crime and enjoy helping people in their hour of need or people who cannot help themselves."

Commenting on the job so far, he said: "I've been meeting with colleagues in the community safety unit at Hertsmere Borough Council, housing associations and schools. I've inherited a great, proactive team who want to make a difference every day and we have a close working relationship with Hertsmere Borough Council. I enjoy resolving long-term problems and working in partnership with other agencies. I am keen to do further work with schools to help prevent knife crime escalating like it is in other parts of the country.

"Whilst Hertsmere is a great place to live, unfortunately it does attract criminals, many opportunist. My job is to stop lower level anti-social behaviour escalating into more serious crime. Whilst we can put things in place to stop and deter crime, we need members of the public to help us. It's important that the community feel some ownership in their neighbourhoods for crime prevention. Simple things like reporting suspicious incidents, investing in home security and removing valuables from their cars go a long way to making Hertsmere a less appealing place for criminals to operate."

As an Intervention Inspector, Insp Bilsdon's previous role was managing two teams in St Albans and Hemel Hempstead, that had three Sergeants and 20 police officers, who were responding to critical and high-risk incidents. He had to manage the policing response to a suspect package being found at the Tesco store in Hatfield in 2017. The response, which involved the EOD, involved evacuating the store. He said: "It was a big responsibility but we worked closely with Tesco and the EOD and fortunately, it turned out to be not suspicious."

Insp Bilsdon has been a substantive Inspector for four years. Prior to that he worked as a Safer Neighbourhood and a Community Safety Unit Sergeant, both in Watford. He was also an intervention sergeant (responding to 999) in Three Rivers, worked in custody in Hemel Hempstead and Watford and was a full-time police tutor in Watford. He joined the Force in 1999, aged 30.

He said: "It was advantageous being an older officer as I was able to bring some life experience to the job."

Prior to joining the police, he worked as a manager of a nightclub for seven years. He was also an army cadet, which sowed the seed for becoming a police officer.

In his spare time, he enjoys running marathons, triathlons and he trekked to Everest Base Camp. He is married with a son and lives in Hertfordshire.

Follow the Safer Neighbourhood Teams on Twitter **@BorehamwoodPolice @BusheyPolice @PottersPolice** or **@HertsmereChief** or on Facebook under **Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership.**

If you would like to receive emails about crime in your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) **www.owl.co.uk** or speak to your local PCSO.
