```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary at a newsagent in Maple Cross.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following burglary at Maple Cross newsagent
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-witnesses-following-burglary-at-MapleCross-newsagent-1654C
```

* ### Offender(s) gained entry to McColl's newsagent in The Yews, Maple Cross, by smashing the front door.

 * ### Once inside they targeted the cigarette kiosk.

 * ### Officers want to speak to a cyclist who rode past the store around the time of the break-in and may have information that could assist the investigation.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary at a newsagent in Maple Cross.

The incident occurred at McColl's in The Yews, Chalfont Road, between 2am and 2.15am on Sunday, February 18.

Offender(s) gained entry to the store by smashing the glass front door. Once inside they targeted the cigarette kiosk before making off in what is believed to be a Volkswagen Golf or Polo vehicle.

Detective Constable Rob King, from Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, is investigating and said: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or who may have seen a similar vehicle in the area around the time to please get in touch. I am particularly keen to speak with a cyclist who rode past the shop between the times stated.

"Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC King via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/18/473. You can also email or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
