```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following a robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-in-Cheshunt-1309K
```

* Appeal for information and witnesses following robbery on Carleton Road, Cheshunt
 * The incident occurred at around 4.30pm close to Bakers Croft
 * Anyone with information should contact PC Vicky Cornelius on 101 or report online quoting crime reference K2/17/5526.

Officers investigating a robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident occurred between 4.30pm and 5pm on Tuesday December 12, on Carleton Road. The victim was walking along the road, close to the junction of Bakers Croft, when a group of four men called him over. One of the men then threatened the victim and demanded he hand over his jacket and the cash he was carrying.

The offender was described as a black man of around 17 to 20 years old, who was wearing a black coat with the hood up.

PC Vicky Cornelius, from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit said: "This must have been a frightening experience for the victim, who was thankfully not physically harmed during the incident.

"We have been focussing on robberies as a priority, increasing our patrols in this area, however information from the community is invaluable in dealing with this type of crime. If you have any information or witnessed this incident please contact me."

If you saw any suspicious activity in the area around the time stated, or have any further information that could assist us, please call PC Cornelius on the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/17/5526 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court
