```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Sergeant has been welcomed to Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team. Sgt Ian Smith has been settling into his role in Welwyn Hatfield North over the past weeks.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2019
title: Meet the new Welwyn Hatfield North Neighbourhood Sergeant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-the-new-welwyn-hatfield-north-neighbourhoodn-sergeant-2544b
```

* ### Sergeant Smith joined Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2014 after working for the Metropolitan Police and Thames Valley Police.

 * ### ASB in the town centre is an issue that Sgt Smith is keen to tackle.

 * ### He is looking forward to working out long-term solutions to issues affecting the local community.

A new Sergeant has been welcomed to Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team. Sgt Ian Smith has been settling into his role in Welwyn Hatfield North over the past weeks.

Sgt Smith began his policing career in the Metropolitan Police in 2009, working in Westminster and Waltham Forest.

After two years in London, he transferred to Thames Valley Police - firstly, working in Milton Keynes as a response officer (dealing with 999 calls) and then working in the Bletchley Neighbourhood Team.

In 2014, Sgt Smith joined Hertfordshire Constabulary working as response officer in Hatfield. In 2017, he took on Acting Sergeant duties before being promoted to Sergeant last year.

He said: "I'm really looking forward to being able to focus on a particular area of Welwyn Hatfield and help work out long-term solutions to local issues affecting the community. As a response officer, you don't always get to see the outcome of your actions but working in the Safer Neighbourhood Team means that you can spend time working on solving the problems you might be responding to. I'm particularly keen to tackle the issue of ASB in the town centre."

Sgt Smith has experience working across another blue light agency too. After graduating from university, he spent four years working in the Bedfordshire ambulance control room answering 999 calls from the public.

Reflecting on his time in the police so far, Sgt Smith particularly enjoyed a piece of work that he undertook in Thames Valley around county lines*, where £25,000 worth of Class A drugs were recovered during a warrant.

Sgt Smith explained: "The council had informed us of concerns around an address and our enquiries found that there was a very vulnerable victim who was being cuckooed**. We were able to work with the council to get him re-homed as well as remove a huge amount of drugs from the streets."

In addition to his role as a frontline officer, every two months Sgt Smith hosts training sessions for the Constabulary's Special Constables. He is also a College of Policing Ambassador, attending events to bring back learning to the Constabulary.

Sgt Smith's work was recognised by the Constabulary in 2017 when he was awarded a good work minute in relation to domestic abuse. Creating a forcewide training package about Domestic Violence Protection Orders (DVPOs), his work helped to improve the Constabulary's response to domestic abuse, specifically improving the understanding and processes around DVPOs.

In his spare time, Sgt Smith enjoys cycling. He lives in Bedfordshire with his wife and two young daughters.

_If you would like to receive emails about crime in Welwyn Hatfield or your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL). _

_You can keep up to date with the Welwyn Hatfield North Team on Twitter: @WelHatNthPolice_

*County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

** Cuckooing is the term used when gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of vulnerable adults by force or coercion.

** **

Sgt Ian Smith
