```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are hosting a socially distanced bike marking event at Hatfield Police Station on Saturday (24 October).
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2020
title: Free bike marking event at Hatfield Police Station
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/free-bike-marking-event-at-hatfield-police-station-0760
```

* ### Residents can get their bikes security marked for free at Hatfield Police Station on Saturday 24 October

 * ### Bicycle theft is one of the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team's top priorities

 * ### To attend Saturday's event, email PCSO Deborah Akers at deborah.akers@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are hosting a socially distanced bike marking event at Hatfield Police Station on Saturday (24 October).

Bike marking helps to make them less attractive to thieves, as they are harder to sell on. It also means they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily should they ever get lost or stolen.

Saturday's event, which is free to attend, will take place between 11am and 3pm outside the front of the station in Comet Way.

To ensure the event is COVID-secure, it will be appointment only and residents are urged to book ahead.

PCSO Deborah Akers, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Bike thefts in Hatfield Town Centre is one of our current policing priorities and Saturday's event is just one of a number of actions we're taking to tackle the problem.

"If you would like to attend, simply email me at deborah.akers@herts.pnn.police.uk, advising how many bikes you require to be marked. Please note that there is no parking available on site.

"We look forward to seeing lots of you on Saturday."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.
