```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a theft from a motor vehicle in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2018
title: "CCTV following theft from motor vehicle \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-following-theft-from-motor-vehicle-bishops-stortford-2042A
```

* ### Do you recognise these people? Police would like to speak to them as part of enquiries into a theft from a vehicle in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### It happened on September 24 in the car park of The Coach and Horses in Thorley Street.

 * ### If you know them, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/39902/18

Officers investigating a theft from a motor vehicle in Bishop's Stortford have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in the car park of The Coach and Horses in Thorley Street between 5pm and 5.20pm on Monday, September 24.

The victim, a man, parked his blue Toyota RAV4 in the car park before going into the pub.

Offender(s) approached the vehicle and gained access to it by means unknown before taking a bag containing the victim's mobile phone, keys and wallet.

The victim, a man, returned from the pub 20 minutes later to find the vehicle with its doors open and his bag missing.

His bank card was later used at both the Shell petrol garage in Sawbridgeworth and Asda in Harlow just over the border in Essex.

PCSO Lucy Minns, from the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I appreciate the images aren't the best quality but if you recognise the people pictured then we would be really keen to speak to you. We believe they may have been in the area at the time and have information that could help progress our investigation."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PCSO Minns by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101 or reporting information online, quoting crime reference 41/39902/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
