```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2018
title: Assault in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-welwyn-garden-city-1985
```

Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Fretherne Road, opposite KFC, between 10.30pm and 11.15pm on Saturday, September 22.

The victims, a 20-year-old man and a 15-year-old boy, were walking out of the Howard Centre when they were approached by two men who engaged them in conversation.

A physical altercation followed and the 20-year-old victim was punched to the head, leaving him with facial injuries. The 15-year-old victim was hit with a glass bottle, leaving him with cuts to his head. Both victims required hospital treatment following the incident.

Detective Constable Kylie Davies, who is investigating, said: "As part of our enquiries we have reviewed CCTV footage and it appears that at the time of the incident, there were a number of vehicles and members of the public in the area.

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any information that could assist us with our enquiries, we would like to hear from you.

"You can contact me on kylie.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/39371/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _"_

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
