```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested following an alleged robbery in Hemel Hempstead yesterday evening (Wednesday, November 21).
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2018
title: Two arrested in connection with alleged robbery in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-in-connection-with-alleged-robbery-in-hemel-hempstead2124d
```

* ### The victim was allegedly threatened by two men in an alleyway.

 * ### A member of the public contacted police after witnessing suspicious activity.

 * ### Two men have been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Two men have been arrested following an alleged robbery in Hemel Hempstead yesterday evening (Wednesday, November 21).

At around 8pm, a man aged his 20s was walking through an alleyway between Figtree Hill and Heather Way, when three men beckoned him over.

Two of the men allegedly threatened the victim into handing over cash before assaulting him.

The victim sustained a facial injury during the incident.

Police were called a short time later by a member of the public who subsequently witnessed the group acting suspiciously in the area and a search was carried out.

An 18-year-old man from London and an 18-year-old man from Enfield were arrested on suspicion of robbery and remain in police custody at this time.

A number of weapons were also recovered.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Paul Mitson said: "This incident shows just how important it is for members of the public to report suspicious activity to us. As a result, we have two men in custody and a number of weapons have been taken off our streets.

"We will continue to do everything we can to crackdown on those who commit violent crime in our community and your calls really do make a difference."

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/58433/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
