```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police officers met with commuters in Welwyn Garden City yesterday morning (Wednesday 18 September), as part of the national knife amnesty Op Sceptre.
publish:
  date: 19 Sep 2019
title: Officers meet with Welwyn Garden City commuters
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-meet-with-welwyn-garden-city-commuters-0792
```

Police officers met with commuters in Welwyn Garden City yesterday morning (Wednesday 18 September), as part of the national knife amnesty Op Sceptre.

PC Glenn Cook and PCSO Anne Devine from Welwyn Hatfield North's Safer Neighbourhood Team were on hand to explain the work being done to tackle knife crime in the borough. They also reminded commuters of the ways they can get in touch to report suspicions around knife crime.

The officers also provided information about the Constabulary's new public feedback system, echo. Residents and businesses in Welwyn Hatfield can easily send in their views and opinions about local policing anytime by heading over to www.bit.ly/police-welhat.

PC Glenn Cook said: "It was great to meet so many residents of Welwyn Hatfield and find out more about the issues affecting them. Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to making sure that the county is free of knife crime. Never hesitate to call 999 if you spot someone carrying a knife.

"I would encourage anyone living or working in the borough to get in touch with your views and opinions about local policing by using echo. All of the comments received, good or bad, are reviewed in order to help make the area a safer place to live and work."

For more information about echo, visit herts.police.uk/echo.

If you are worried or have information about knife crime in your area, please call 101 or report information online at herts.police.uk/report.
