```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information after residents are being blighted by paint balls."
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2017
title: "Paint Ball Pests in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Paint_Ball_Pests_in_Bishops_Stortford_1357
```

* ### Six addresses targeted

 * ### £20,000 of damage caused to local school

 * ### Police warn this is a criminal offence

Police in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information after residents are being blighted by paint balls.

Six incidents have now been reported of paintballs being thrown at residential addresses in the town. All of the offences took place in December and involved yellow paint:

**December 15** - Paintballs fired at Birchwood High School causing £20,000 worth of damage.

**December 17 -** Parsonage Lane - paintballs fired at a house and car.

**December 18 -** Linkside Road - reports of paintballs are being fired at a property and at the school.

**December 19** - paintballs fired at a car in Goodlife Park Stanstead Road.

**December 19 - **paintballs fired at a house in Cranwell Gardens.

**December 19 -** paintballs fired at houses in Hurn Grove, Bishops.

**December 20 - **paint fired at the windows of house in Linkside Rd.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "Those responsible may think this is a bit of fun, but they are actually committing a criminal offence and will be dealt with as such.

"Not only are they causing damage to people's property, but firing any missile without permission of the land owner, even paint, is a criminal offence and very dangerous. We would like to hear from anyone who knows anything about these incidents to contact us a soon as possible. You can remain anonymous."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at here.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
