```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in London Colney.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: Witnesses sought following robbery in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-robbery-in-london-colney-0721f
```

* ## The incident occurred outside Sainsbury's at the Colney Fields retail park.

 * ## A man was allegedly chased by a male holding a machete.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in London Colney.

The incident occurred outside Sainsbury's at the Colney Fields retail park, sometime between 8pm and 9.30pm on Wednesday 23 September.

A 20-year-old man was approached by three males, one of whom is then alleged to have chased the victim round the car park while in possession of a machete.

The victim ran into Sainsbury's before exiting a short time later, believing the males had left.

He was subsequently assaulted near the cash machines and had his headphones and cash stolen.

Detective Constable Paige Carter, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully staff intervened and the victim did not sustain any serious injuries. Our enquiries into the incident are ongoing and we have made an arrest as part of the investigation.

"We are now in a position to appeal to members of the public for their assistance and would ask anyone who saw what happened and hasn't yet spoken to police, to please come forward. We would also like to hear from anyone who may have information about those alleged to have been involved. Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email Detective Constable Paige Carter.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/76817/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the investigation and has been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.
