```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of livestock from a farm in Kings Langley.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2018
title: Theft of livestock from Kings Langley farm
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/theft-of-livestock-from-kings-langley2019d
```

* ### The animals were taken from a farm in Kings Langley overnight.

 * ### Police and the NFU are concerned for their welfare.

 * ### Anyone who knows of their whereabouts is asked to call 101.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of livestock from a farm in Kings Langley.

Between 10.30pm on Thursday, November 1 and 9am today (Friday, November 2), entry was gained to a farm building.

A two-day old Belgian Blue Cross calf, a nanny goat and three kids were stolen (pictured).

Dacorum Special Inspector Steve Meredith said: "We take reports of this nature very seriously and are concerned for the welfare of these animals, due to their young age. Understandably we're keen to trace them and get them back to the farm as quickly as possible.

"I am appealing for anyone who may know the whereabouts of these animals, or who may have witnessed suspicious activity around farm buildings in the area to please get in touch straightaway."

National Farmers' Union (NFU) County Adviser Rosalind David said: "We share the police's concern about the welfare of these young animals and hope they can be found quickly. This is an upsetting incident for the farmer and we would urge anyone with information to come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/52160/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
