```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Broxbourne that resulted in injuries to two teenage girls and a man.
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following firework incident in Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-firework-incident-in-Broxbourne-1114K
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Broxbourne that resulted in injuries to two teenage girls and a man.

Between 10pm and midnight on Monday October 30, a group of males were seen throwing fireworks in the Broxbourne Lido car park on Nazeing New Road.

At one stage a firework was thrown into a parked car occupied by two girls, both aged 18. The firework has set off causing them both burns.Following this incident an altercation then took place resulting in a 20-year-old male receiving a blow to his head. He suffered an injury which required hospital treatment. He has since been discharged from hospital.

Detective Constable Mike Hardiman, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "We believe that there were a number of cars and people there at the time of the incident. This was a serious incident that resulted in three people suffering significant injuries - however those injuries could have been much worse. I would appeal to anyone who saw what happened to come forward and speak to us."

*Two men, aged 18 and 19, have been arrested on suspicion of GBH and ABH. They have been released on bail while investigations continue.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K1/17/2795.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
