```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a dog in Tring have a description of a potential male witness they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2021
title: "Re-appeal to trace potential witness as part of dog theft investigation \u2013 Tring"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-to-trace-potential-witness-as-part-of-dog-theft-investigation-tring-1122d
```

* ## Officers investigating the theft of a dog in Tring have a description of a potential male witness they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

 * ## He is described as white, aged between 50 and 60, and of large build. He had very short, cropped hair with 'speckles' in it, and may have been wearing spectacles on top of his head.

 * ## If you recognise the description, please email PC Matthew Hardy at matthew.hardy@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting reference 41/101253/20.

Officers investigating the theft of a dog in Tring have a description of a potential male witness they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

A male Pomeranian named Benny was stolen from his owner's vehicle - a white Hyundai - in the Tesco supermarket car park on London Road between 3.50pm and 4.15pm on Thursday 17 December.

Benny, who is four years old, is described as having sandy or strawberry blonde-coloured fur. He is approximately 5kg in weight and 30cm tall.

When he was stolen, Benny was wearing a turquoise-coloured harness with a black retractable lead attached. When he is walking or is excited, Benny emits a distinctive grunting noise.

Officers have made extensive enquiries into the incident since it occurred, including reviewing CCTV footage and trawling online selling websites searching for Benny. They have now been provided with a description of a man they wish to speak to, as they believe he was in the area at the time Benny was stolen, and he may have witnessed something.

He is described as white, aged between 50 and 60, and of large build. He had very short, cropped hair with 'speckles' in it, and may have been wearing spectacles on top of his head.

He was wearing a dark-coloured checked shirt, baggy trousers and a puffer jacket.

PC Matthew Hardy, who is investigating, said: "Benny's owners had to endure Christmas without him, which was incredibly painful for them. We are now keen to identify the man described as we believe he may have witnessed something of note.

"If you recognise the description, or believe it refers to yourself, then please get in touch with me as soon as possible. We also continue to appeal to the Tring community for any further information in relation to this incident, so if you have any information you believe may be useful, however small, then please email me."

You can email PC Hardy, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/101253/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit the Crimestoppers website (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Dacorum echo and tell us what you think.
