```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "This week officers from Watford\u2019s town centre Safer Neighbourhood Team hosted the town\u2019s first socially-distanced beat surgery since the start of the coronavirus outbreak."
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2020
title: SNT officers host first socially-distanced beat surgery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/SNT-officers-host-first-socially-distanced-beat-surgery-in-watford-0674
```

* ### Officers from Watford's town centre Safer Neighbourhood Team hosted the first socially-distanced beat surgery this week

 * ### They spoke to residents - at a safe distance - and offered crime prevention advice

 * ### They also signed 16 people up to the Online Watch Link community messaging system

This week officers from Watford's town centre Safer Neighbourhood Team hosted the town's first socially-distanced beat surgery since the start of the coronavirus outbreak.

Three PCSOs set up the surgery on the High Street, close to Palace View, on Monday 21 September between 10am and 2pm.

The trio spent time speaking to residents and shoppers - at a safe distance - and gave advice on personal safety and crime prevention. Local company MPS Security attended to give advice on burglar alarms and CCTV.

They also signed 16 new people up to the Online Watch Link (OWL), a community messaging service that keeps residents informed of the latest crime trends in their area. You can find out more, and how to sign up, on the website here.

PCSO Dominik Tokarczyk said: "It's always great to speak to our communities face to face, but it's been a while since we have been able to hold one of these events due to the outbreak of COVID-19.

"It was great to have the opportunity to speak to so many people and we had several comments about how good it was to see us on the High Street."

If you didn't get the chance to speak to the team on the day, you can still access a wide range of crime prevention advice on our website.

Tell us what matters to you by using our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
