```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-in-Cheshunt-1134K
```

* ### Police are appealing for information after three teenage boys were robbed in Cheshunt.

 * ### They were approached by four offenders who took cash from their victims.

 * ### The incident happened in Turners Hill close to Greggs.

Officers investigating an incident of robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 6.30pm on Thursday, October 26 three 13 year old boys were walking along Turners Hill when they were approached by four teenage boys who took cash from them before making off. The incident happened close to Greggs.

The first offender is described as being white, about 5ft 2in tall, around 15 years old and was wearing a black puffer jacket, grey trousers and a grey hoodie.

The second offender is described as being black, around 5ft 4in tall, 15 or 16 years old and of slim build.

The third offender is described as being black, around 5ft 10in tall of slim build and was wearing dark clothing.

The fourth offender is described as being black, around 5ft 4in tall, 15 or 16 years old and he was wearing dark clothing.

Investigator Carol Francis said: "I'm appealing for anyone who saw the incident or saw a group of young people matching the descriptions in the area around the time stated to contact police as they may have information that could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/17/4793, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
