```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Shenley on Monday (20 April).
publish:
  date: 21 Apr 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal collision in Shenley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-shenley-0053
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a fatal road traffic collision in Shenley.

 * ### The incident took place on Monday 20 April around 4.30pm on Green Street.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting ISR 466 of 20 April.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Shenley on Monday (20 April).

The incident took place at around 4.30pm on Green Street.

A black BMW RR1000 motorcycle and a Blue Transit Connect van were in collision.

Officers, the East of England Ambulance Service and the air ambulance attended, but sadly the motorcyclist, a man, died at the scene. His family have been informed and are being supported by specially-trained officers.

The driver of the van, also a man, was uninjured and remained at the scene.

PC Felicity Moody, of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the victim's family at this very sad time.

"I would appeal for anyone who witnessed what happened, has relevant dash cam footage or believes they saw either vehicle prior to the collision to make contact with us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Moody directly via email at _felicity.moody@herts.pnn.police.uk_

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 466 of 20 April. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
