```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released an image of jewellery stolen during a burglary in North Watford.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2018
title: "Image of stolen jewellery released after burglary \u2013 North Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Image-of-stolen-jewellery-released-after-burglary-north-watford-0208C
```

* ### Police are investigating the theft of a safe from a property in Norfolk Avenue, North Watford.

 * ### It happened between Saturday, April 21 and Monday, April 23.

 * ### Can you help? Call 101 quoting crime reference number C4/18/1135.

Officers have released an image of jewellery stolen during a burglary in North Watford.

It happened in Norfolk Avenue between 8am on Saturday, April 21 and 5pm on Monday, April 23.

Between these times, offender(s) gained entry by removing a glass pane in a window to the rear of the property.

They carried out a search of the property before ripping a safe from the wall, which contained a large number of sentimental items, and making off.

Some of the items in the safe - which is black with a silver keypad - included a 9 carat gold and aquamarine necklace and earrings set, pictured.

Also inside were a number of watches, brooches, rings, necklaces, cash and personal documents.

Detective Constable Judith Muskett, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "This crime has left the victims devastated because they have lost a large number of sentimental items that simply cannot be replaced. They were doing exactly the right thing by keeping those items in a safe, but these heartless criminals have gone to extreme lengths to take what isn't theirs.

"I am doing everything I can to trace the person or persons responsible for this and am asking anyone who may have been offered items of jewellery for sale, or seen the item pictured on display in any antique or pawn shops, to please contact me as soon as possible.

"I am also asking those who live in the area to cast their minds back to the weekend of Saturday, April 21 to see if they remember witnessing any suspicious activity.

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number C4/18/1135."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
