```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following information from the public, officers from the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Team conducted two simultaneous warrants at two addresses in Brookside in South Mimms.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2020
title: Two drugs warrants executed in South Mimms
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-drugs-warrants-executed-in-south-mimms-1469
```

* ### Officers from the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Team conducted two simultaneous warrants at two addresses in Brookside in South Mimms.

 * ### Two people were arrested and a third given a community resolution.

 * ### If you suspect drug dealing in your area, you can report it online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call 101.

Following information from the public, officers from the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Team conducted two simultaneous warrants at two addresses in Brookside in South Mimms.

They carried out the warrants in relation to drug use and supply with support from Intervention and Scorpion team colleagues with a drugs dog and Catalyst Housing Association.

A quantity of drugs were seized with a number of weapons including a taser gun and CS spray.

A 21-year-old man has been arrested and released under investigation. A 20-year-old woman was arrested and later released with no further action. A 32-year-old man was also given a community resolution for possession of cannabis. He has agreed to complete a rehabilitative face to face cannabis awareness course.

The warrants happened during the early hours of Wednesday February 12.

If you suspect drug dealing in your neighbourhood, please report it to police straightaway. You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their _untraceable online form_.
