```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Three women who saved a man\u2019s life in St Albans had prestigious awards hand-delivered to them this week."
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: "Three woman given prestigious award for saving a man\u2019s life in St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-woman-given-prestigious-award-for-saving-a-mans-life-in-st-albans-0231f
```

* ## Three women who saved a man's life in St Albans received prestigious awards this week.

 * ## The women performed CPR on the man which saved his life.

 * ## They were visited by officers this week to hand delivery their accolades.

Three women who saved a man's life in St Albans had prestigious awards hand-delivered to them this week.

Intervention PC Lee Gough was called to an incident at the Alban Arena back on 26 October 2019 where 74-year-old John Tyler had gone into cardiac arrest. When he arrived, paramedics were helping him.

However, it transpired that three members of the public - Tracy Davis, Jacqueline Hylands and Susan Thornton - had already rushed to help critically ill John by performing CPR and using a defibrillator to miraculously save his life. John has since made a good recovery.

PC Gough nominated the three women for the Royal Humane Society Award which is only given to those who go above and beyond to help save someone's life. Under normal circumstances, the awards would have been presented at a ceremony held at police HQ. However PC Gough - joined by Inspector Dean Board - visited the women at home to present them with their award in person.

He said: "I remember the day well. Tracy, Jacqueline and Susan's quick-thinking undoubtedly saved this man's life and I'm so grateful they were there. Paramedics also applauded them and I was honoured to meet them again to give them their deserved recognition."

John said: "Without them, I wouldn't be here today. I really appreciate all they have done for me. I'm so glad they received this award." He is meeting up with Tracy this week.

Intervention Inspector Dean Board added: "I am in awe of these women who stepped up and took responsibility - to be at a show one minute and then saving somebody's life the next is just incredible. I am so happy that these ladies have received the recognition they deserve. Tracy and Susan have attended first aid courses at work and Jacqueline works in nursing, but to deal with an incident unfolding before them in the way they did is just amazing."

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/stalbans and have your say.
