```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Elstree are releasing images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them and those responsible for stealing them.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2019
title: Have you seen items stolen during Elstree burglary?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-items-stolen-during-elstree-burglary-0926
```

* ### The suspects were disturbed by the homeowner.

 * ### Items of jewellery were stolen.

 * ### Anyone who may have seen the items is asked to contact police.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Elstree are releasing images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them and those responsible for stealing them.

Shortly after 3.50pm on Monday 9 September, a property was broken into.

The two suspects were disturbed by the home owner but manage to flee with several items of jewellery.

The offenders left the area in a black vehicle.Detective Constable Barnaby Goding, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "We've been carrying out several enquiries since the incident occurred and are now in a position to release details of the items stolen.

"I appreciate the burglary occurred over a month ago now, but at lot of the items taken are highly distinctive and I am hoping someone may remember coming across them. If you think you may have seen them, please get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area around the time of the offence."

Anyone with information is asked to email DC Goding at barnaby.goding@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/81878/19.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
