```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault and attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: "Appeal for witnesses following incident in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-incident-in-bishops-stortford-0595a
```

* ## Police are appealing for help following an assault and attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ## The incident occurred at around 4.45pm on 16 July.

 * ## If you can help, contact PC Louise Gibson by calling 101 quoting crime reference 41/55884/20.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault and attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred at around 4.45pm on 16 July.

A teenage boy was walking with a friend through the alleyway that links South Street to Riverside, alongside Marks and Spencer, when they were approached by a group of five unknown males.

One of the males asked for a lighter. As the boy turned around to answer, he was punched in the face. He was then pushed up against the wall and attempts were made to steal his bag.

The boy's friend attempted to intervene and was kicked several times to his head.

The males then made off. Nothing was taken.

The suspects are described as aged between 14 and 16 and were all wearing face masks. One was wearing a black Canada Goose jacket, another had short blond hair and a third had curly, light brown hair.

PC Louise Gibson said: "Up until now, the victims have been reluctant for a public appeal to be released. However, we have now exhausted all other lines of enquiry and are asking people if they can assist us.

"Did you see what happened, or do you have any information which may help us to identify this group of males? Have you been approached in similar circumstances but not reported it to police? I appreciate the incident happened some time ago now, but any information could greatly assist us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/55884/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
