```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident in Hockerill Street, Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2020
title: "Appeal following incident in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-in-bishops-stortford-1520
```

* ### On Sunday, two men were involved in a physical altercation following a dispute about parking

 * ### The incident happened in Hockerill Street

 * ### Witnesses and anyone with information should contact PC Luke Collyer on 101 or on email at _luke.collyer@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/20944/20

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident in Hockerill Street, Bishop's Stortford.

Between around 8.45am and 9am on Sunday (8 March), two men were involved in a physical altercation following a dispute about parking.

PC Luke Collyer, who is investigating, said: "We are speaking with both men involved to establish the circumstances of the incident but we are keen to also hear from any witnesses or anyone with information about what happened.

"Were you in the area at the time? Did you see what happened? Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _luke.collyer@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/20944/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
