```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Victims and professionals are being asked for their experiences and ideas in a bid to improved sexual violence support services in Hertfordshire.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2020
title: Have your say on how to improve sexual violence support services in Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-how-to-improve-sexual-violence-support-services-in-hertfordshire-all
```

Victims and professionals are being asked for their experiences and ideas in a bid to improved sexual violence support services in Hertfordshire.

The Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner is working with NHS England to review how those affected by sexual assault and abuse and their families, could be best supported.

Currently the two organisations along with Hertfordshire Constabulary, fund and support Herts SARC (Sexual Abuse Referral Centre) in Hemel Hempstead which provides forensic medical examinations as well as supporting victims of sexual crimes emotionally, practically and through the criminal justice system.

An Independent Sexual Violence Adviser (ISVA) will be assigned to a victim to support them through a risk assessment, organising counselling and any court processes if appropriate. They also confidentially support victims who self-refer and who do not wish to report the abuse as a crime.

Now in a bid to make sure that the best service is being offered the Police and Crime Commissioner's office has launched a consultation to explore how the service can be improved.

Victims, families and those who work with those effected by sexual violence are being asked to share their ideas and take a survey. It aims to find out what matters most to individuals in Hertfordshire and build future services around the priorities and needs.

Through a dedicated website at hertfordshiresexualabuseconsultation.com you are encouraged to share your stories.

Partners, colleagues and professionals are being asked to give their ideas on what changes are needed, including fresh ideas. The Commissioner's office would like your help to understand what more these services can do to be supportive and accessible to those in need.

NHS England have set out a long term strategic direction for sexual assault and abuse services to provide longer term and more holistic care for victims and survivors. While the PCC agrees with the ambitions in this national strategy the office would like to know what matters most to individuals in Hertfordshire and build our future services around your priorities and needs.

The consultations will run from the 1st March 2020 - 16th May 2020.
