```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision on the A10 northbound between Hoddesdon and Hailey last night (Wednesday 13 November) are appealing for witnesses.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal after fatal road traffic collision on A10
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-after-fatal-road-traffic-collision-on-a10-1019a
```

* ### Appeal for witnesses following a fatal road collision on the A10

 * ### The incident occurred at around 7pm on 13 November

 * ### A pedestrian, a young man, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene

Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision on the A10 northbound between Hoddesdon and Hailey last night (Wednesday 13 November) are appealing for witnesses.

Police were called just after 7pm to reports of a collision between a pedestrian and a grey Land Rover Freelander near the Hailey interchange. The East of England Ambulance Service and air ambulance also attended. Sadly the pedestrian, a young man, was pronounced dead at the scene.

The carriageway remained closed while Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit were on the scene investigating the incident and appealing for witnesses.

PC Neil Crosier, from the BCH Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the young man who sadly died. We are working to establish the exact circumstances of this incident and are conducting a thorough investigation into the cause of the collision.

"We'd like to speak with anyone who witnessed the collision, or the events prior to it. We'd especially ask motorists who may have been in the area around the time of the collision with dash cams to review the footage and call us if they believe they have information that could assist our enquiries."

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference Op Alforja of 13 November.
