```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers arrested 11 people when warrants were executed at addresses in St Albans early yesterday morning (Wednesday, March 6) as police continue to crackdown on drug dealing and associated crime across the county.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2019
title: Police operation to dismantle drug dealing network in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-operation-to-dismantle-drug-dealing-network-in-stalbans-2682f
```

* ### Eleven arrested in operation to dismantle serious organised drug network.

 * ### Warrants served at addresses across St Albans.

 * ### Operation is part of a continuing campaign against organised drug dealing in Hertfordshire.

Officers arrested 11 people when warrants were executed at addresses in St Albans early yesterday morning (Wednesday, March 6) as police continue to crackdown on drug dealing and associated crime across the county.

In a joint operation led and co-ordinated by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Group, officers from the Operational Support Group, Safer Neighbourhood, Intervention and Scorpion teams were supported by the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit. Eleven addresses were targeted in St Albans as part of the operation to disrupt organised drug supply networks, where amounts of cocaine and cash were seized at some of the addresses, as well as a high value vehicle.

The following people were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs (cocaine) and have since been charged and remanded:

 * Matthew Tillbrook, 30, from Regents Drive, Woodford Green
 * Moudad Hussain, 30, from Haig Close, St Albans
 * Joseph Morgan, 30, from Woodfield Way, St Albans
 * Michael Langton, 31, from Benningfield Drive, St Albans
 * Cain Davey, 30, from Cottonmill Lane, St Albans
 * Mohammed Zaman, 32, from Hatfield Road, St Albans
 * Nicholas Keily, 37, from Midway, St Albans
 * Sam Wilkinson, 34, from Mortimer Crescent, St Albans
 * Joel Norris, 19, from Clarkson Court, Hatfield
 * Chris Green, 32, from Eskdale, London Colney
 * Clifford Taylor, 35, of no fixed abode.

Detective Inspector James Luxon from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Group, said: "As part of the continuing operation to target, disrupt and dismantle serious organised crime groups impacting the county, these latest warrants were carried out following weeks of investigation and intelligence gathering.

"We are working tirelessly to pursue criminals, protect the public and prevent drug dealing and other criminal activity by organised drug supply networks. If you are dealing drugs in Hertfordshire, it's only a matter of time until we catch you.

"Anyone that suspects drug dealing or any other criminal activity is taking place in their neighbourhood, please help us bring it to an end by reporting it so that we can gather the evidence and intelligence we need to take appropriate, long-term action."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
