```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 17 December) in connection with a stabbing in Hertford earlier this year.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Teenager sentenced in connection with Hertford stabbing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-sentenced-in-connection-with-hertford-stabbing-1007
```

* ### The stabbing occurred in The Knoll back in September.

 * ### A 17 year old boy was sentenced to six years and one month.

 * ### He had previously pleaded guilty to s18 GBH and attempted robbery.

A teenager was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 17 December) in connection with a stabbing in Hertford earlier this year.

The 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was handed a six-year, one-month custodial sentence, having pleaded guilty to s18 GBH and attempted robbery at an earlier hearing.

Police were called at around 9.45pm on Thursday 10 September following an incident in The Knoll.

It was reported that a man aged in his 20s had just parked his motorbike near a garage block, when he was confronted by a group of males, who demanded he hand over his keys.

He was then stabbed multiple times.

The victim was treated by the ambulance service at the scene, before being taken to hospital.

An investigation was launched by the East Herts Local Crime Unit and the boy was swiftly identified and arrested.

Detective Sergeant Jim Miller, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The actions of this boy on the night were absolutely appalling. Thankfully the victim's injuries were not deemed to be life threatening, but the situation could easily have been so much worse, had he not been wearing a leather motorcycle jacket.

"I hope this serves as a warning to those who choose to carry knives that you will be dealt with robustly. We continue to work with our partners in education, local government and social services to educate young people about the potential consequences of carrying a knife."
