```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of possession of an offensive weapon in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2020
title: Witness appeal following possession of an offensive weapon in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-possession-of-an-offensive-weapon-in-cheshunt-1465
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought after a weapon was seen during an altercation at Brookfield Retail Park, Cheshunt.

 * ### It took place on Wednesday 26 February around 11am.

 * ### Call 101 and quote 41/17599/20 if you can help.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of possession of an offensive weapon in Cheshunt.

The incident took place at around 11am on Wednesday (26 February) in the car park of the Brookfield Retail Park, Halfhide Lane.

There was an altercation between a group of males. It was reported that a weapon was seen.

If you saw what happened please contact Detective Constable Jodie Bolton on email via _jodie.bolton2@herts.pnn.police.uk_

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/17599/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

A 23 year old man from Waltham Cross was arrested and has been released on police bail with conditions while enquiries are carried out.
