```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: Appeal following assault on A41 - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-on-a41-Watford-2667
```

* ### A motorist was assaulted while sitting in stationary traffic on the A41 in Watford.

 * ### He had his window wound down when he felt a punch in his right arm.

 * ### The victim - a man - suffered two small puncture wounds, which are believed to have been caused using keys.

 * ### Anyone who saw what happened is asked to contact PC Thomas Coulton.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Watford.

At around 8.25am on Thursday (February 28) the victim was stationary in traffic in his vehicle - an orange Honda CR-V on the A41, Colne Way, near to the junction for Asda when he felt a punch to his right arm. He had his window down at the time.

PC Thomas Coulton, who is investigating, said: "This attack came completely out of the blue with no interaction or altercation between the victim and the offender beforehand.

"The victim suffered two small puncture wounds to his arm which are believed to have been caused using a set of keys.

"Due to the nature of the assault the victim did not see the offender so I'm appealing for anyone who was also queuing in the traffic and witnessed the incident or believes they saw the offender approaching the car and/or making off to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Coulton by emailing _Thomas.coulton@hert.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/19333/19 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
