```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following ongoing anti-social behaviour at an address in Borehamwood, officers from the Hatfield Community Safety Unit were successful in securing a full closure order on Thursday (July 25).
publish:
  date: 1 Aug 2019
title: Closure order put on flat in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-put-on-flat-in-borehamwood-0586j
```

* ### Following ongoing anti-social behaviour at an address in Borehamwood, officers from the Community Safety Unit secured a full closure order.

 * ### The three-month closure order was granted at St Albans Magistrates' Court under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

 * ### Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or suspected drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online at www.herts.police.uk/report, by speaking to an operator via online web chat here or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Following ongoing anti-social behaviour at an address in Borehamwood, officers from the Hatfield Community Safety Unit were successful in securing a full closure order on Thursday (July 25).

The three-month closure order was granted at St Albans Magistrates' Court under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at the address in Gemini Park.

It means that no-one besides Paradigm Housing Association and the emergency services can enter the flat until 25 October 2019. Anyone who breaches this order would be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the following and necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

1) that a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public.

3) that there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises.

PC John Phelan from the Hatfield Community Safety Unit said: "We worked closely with residents whose quality of life was compromised by ongoing anti-social behaviour and associated criminal activity.

"We hope this shows residents that we will listen and act. No-one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour where they live.

"If you have information about suspected drug activity and anti-social behaviour in your neighbourhood, please don't hesitate to report it to us because we will take it seriously and we will do all we can to prevent it from adversely affecting the lives of decent, law-abiding people who live nearby."

He added: "I want to further reassure local residents that we will continue to monitor the situation and take further action if necessary."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or suspected drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online at www.herts.police.uk/report, by speaking to an operator via online web chat here or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 percent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org _._
