```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A zombie knife and Samurai sword were among items seized during multiple search warrants executed at addresses in the Highfield area of Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2020
title: "Weapons seized during multiple warrants \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/weapons-seized-during-multiple-warrants-hemel-hempstead-0438
```

* ### A zombie knife and Samurai sword were among items seized during multiple warrants executed in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Class A drugs (cocaine) was also recovered and seized from two addresses in the Highfield area of the town

 * ### Officers took proactive action off the back of intelligence from the local community

A zombie knife and Samurai sword were among items seized during multiple search warrants executed at addresses in the Highfield area of Hemel Hempstead.

Nine warrants were conducted across three addresses - two of which are houses of multiple-occupancy (HMO) - in Wensleydale, Airedale and Lonsdale.

Officers from the Hemel Hempstead East Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) forced entry to the three addresses under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 on Thursday 16 July.

They searched the properties and recovered a quantity of class A drugs (cocaine) from the Wensleydale and Airedale addresses, plus several mobile phones suspected to be used in drug dealing activity.

The zombie knife and Samurai sword were seized from the Lonsdale address, as well as further mobile phones.

Sergeant James Bessant, who leads the Hemel Hempstead East SNT, said: "This operation was the result of careful planning using vital intelligence gained from the communities that we serve.

"No one should have to live with drug dealing, and the associated anti-social behaviour, in their street and we are dedicated to disrupting this type of crime.

"Many residents living in the Highfield area may have seen the heavy police presence during this operation and I hope it have gone some way to reassuring them that we are listening, and we are taking action."

If you suspect drug supply in your neighbourhood, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
