```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating criminal damage in Kings Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: "Appeal for information after criminal damage \u2013 Kings Langley"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-after-criminal-damage-kings-langley-0786
```

* ### Officers are investigating criminal damage of temporary traffic lights on Rucklers Lane in Kings Langley

 * ### It happened on Tuesday 13 October, when the lights were sprayed with blue paint

 * ### If you have any information please contact police quoting **41/82548/20**

Officers investigating criminal damage in Kings Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.

On Tuesday 13 October, it was reported that temporary traffic lights at the junction of Rucklers Lane and London Road had been defaced with blue spray paint.

Road workers' efforts to remove the paint proved unsuccessful and means the traffic lights, which cost more than £7,000, will have to be replaced.

PC Karl Diggins, who is investigating, said: "I have also received reports that those working at the location have been verbally abused by motorists, which is completely unacceptable.

"Everyone has the right to carry out their work without fear of harassment and we are taking these reports very seriously.

"We are making further enquiries but if anyone has any information about who may be responsible for this criminal damage, please come forward."

You can email PC Diggins at karl.diggins@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/82548/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
