```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2019
title: "Attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-bishops-stortford-1222
```

* ### The incident occurred in Havers Lane.

 * ### A 15-year-old boy was approached by three teenagers.

 * ### Nothing was taken by the victim was punched in the mouth.

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Havers Lane, at around 3.45pm on Sunday 22 December.

A 15-year-old boy was cycling near the shops when three teenage boys called out to him. He ignored them and carried on riding.

The boys, two on foot and one on a bicycle, then followed the victim so he stopped.The group demanded money from him and tried to take his bag.

He managed to hold on to it, but was punched in the mouth and sustained a cut and swelling.

The group then left empty handed.The suspects are described as being aged between 16 and 18, around 5ft 11 in tall and were wearing balaclavas. One was wearing a black Nike tracksuit and another was wearing a grey, puffer-style Nike jacket.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully nothing was taken from the victim but he has been left shocked by what happened. I am appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the incident to please come forward. I would also like to hear from anyone who thinks they may have seen the suspects in the area around the time stated, or who may know their identities."

Anyone with information is asked to email shaun.turner@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/114867/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
