```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Op Mantis \u2013 the specialist police team tasked with tackling County Lines \u2013 carried out three warrants in Borehamwood last Thursday (November 1)."
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2018
title: Two people arrested following action against County Lines
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-people-arrested-following-action-against-county-lines-2043J
```

* Specialist officers from the Op Mantis team carried out three warrants in Borehamwood last Thursday.
 * ### Supported by Op Scorpion teams they entered addresses in Haggerston Road, Manor Way and Tempsford Avenue.

 * ### At the third address two people were arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.

 * ### They've been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * ### 100 wraps of suspected Class A drugs were seized, along with cash and a mobile phone.

Op Mantis - the specialist police team tasked with tackling County Lines - carried out three warrants in Borehamwood last Thursday (November 1).

The officers, supported by Op Scorpion teams, entered properties in Haggerston Road, Manor Way and Tempsford Avenue under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984.

At the third address two people - a 27 year old man and a 19 year old woman, both from London - were arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

During the search of the address, officers found and seized 100 wraps of suspected Class A drugs, £500 in cash and a mobile phone.

Detective Sergeant Jon Leak, who leads Hertfordshire Constabulary's Op Mantis team, said: "We believe that this address was being used for cuckooing.

"Cuckooing is the term used for when members of a County Lines drug gang take over the home of a vulnerable person to use it as a base for their drug dealing.

"We are constantly gathering information on County Lines criminals and depend on the public to provide us with information so that we can take action to protect the vulnerable and disrupt and arrest those who are supplying drugs into Hertfordshire.

"If you believe that drug dealing is happening in your neighbourhood or are concerned about a vulnerable member of your community, please let us know by contacting police via 101, or report information online.

"We understand that some people may wish to provide information anonymously. This can be done through the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or submit details online."

**What is Cuckooing?**

Cuckooing is the term used when gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of vulnerable adults by force or coercion.

How to spot the signs that cuckooing might be happening in your neighbourhood:

 * Lots of different people coming and going from an address during the day and at night.
 * Suspicious smells coming from the property.
 * Windows covered or curtains closed all of the time.
 * Cars pulling up to or near to the house for a short period of time.
 * An increase in anti-social behaviour around the property.

**Help and support for those with drug addiction:**

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00.
