```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to assaulting his former partner and using coercive and controlling behaviour towards her.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Domestic abuser from Hertford jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/domestic-abuser-from-hertford-jailed-0023a
```

* ### Daniel Valentine, age 23, of Mead Lane, Hertford has been sentenced to two years and six months in prison.

 * ### He had pleaded guilty to coercive and controlling behaviour and two counts of assault.

 * ### Valentine has been given a lifetime restraining order which prevents him from contacting the victim.

A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to assaulting his former partner and using coercive and controlling behaviour towards her.

Daniel Valentine, age 23, of Mead Lane, Hertford, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, April 1, where he was sentenced to two years and six months in prison.

At Luton Crown Court on Monday, March 11, he had pleaded guilty to coercive and controlling behaviour and two counts of assault that occurred on April 17 and June 9 of last year. Two further charges of assault will lie on file.

The court heard how over the course of the year-long relationship, Valentine quickly became possessive and would question why the victim was going out with certain friends. He would make unwanted sexual advances and dismiss the victim when she highlighted his behaviour. Valentine would also insist on checking the victim's phone.

As a result of Valentine's behaviour, the victim described feeling trapped in the relationship. She lost her self-esteem and she lost friends due to isolation. The abuse she faced also affected her relationship with her family.

On April 17, Valentine physically assaulted the victim outside his home. He pushed his head into hers and spat at her face. He pulled the victim's hair and verbally abused her before concerned members of the public called the police.

On June 9, the victim was subjected to a further physical assault which took place at Valentine's home. Valentine repeatedly threw her to the floor whilst trying to take her phone. He then took the victim to a nearby common where he continued to throw her to the floor and hit her.

Valentine was then arrested on 11 June, 2018.

Detective Constable Nick Jenkins, from the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), said: "As well as the custodial sentence, Valentine has also been given a lifetime restraining order which prevents him from contacting the victim.

"Domestic abuse isn't just about violence. The coercive control law recognises the impact that threats, intimidation or verbal abuse over a sustained period can also have on victims. It can leave them feeling isolated, drained of confidence and dependent on their abuser.

"I hope this sentence goes some way in helping the victim to recover from the horrendous ordeal of abuse that Valentine subjected her to."

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website. In an emergency situation, always call 999.
