```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Tewin this evening (Tuesday 10 March).
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following collision in Tewin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-tewin-1521
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Tewin this evening (Tuesday 10 March).

Shortly after 7pm today, a red Vauxhall and a pedestrian were involved in a collision in Hertford Road.

The pedestrian, a man, was seriously injured and taken to hospital.

Officers are still at the scene and road closures have been put in place. Motorists are advised to avoid the area and seek an alternative route.

Sergeant Sam Cordingley, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision, or the events leading up to it, to get in touch.

"Did you see the pedestrian in Hertford Road? Or did you see the red Vauxhall?

"If you think you have caught the incident on a dash cam, I would also like to hear from you.

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in helping us to understand what happened.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _samuel.cordingley@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting Op Harvest."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
