```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers in Royston are reminding young people not to get involved in mindless anti-social behaviour after a charity\u2019s wheelie bin was damaged."
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2020
title: Warning for young people to stay out of trouble - Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Warning-for-young-people-to-stay-out-of-trouble-Royston-0811
```

Officers in Royston are reminding young people not to get involved in mindless anti-social behaviour after a charity's wheelie bin was damaged.

Last month (September), a young person was captured on CCTV jumping on a wheelie bin belonging to The Coombes Community Centre, which offers social, welfare and recreational activities for local people.

PC Taz Gill said: "We have CCTV of the boy jumping on the wheelie bin and our enquiries are on-going to identify him. He was with a larger group of young people at the time and we also have footage of them.

"This might just seem like a bit of fun but it's just mindless vandalism and could lead to a criminal damage conviction, which could have an impact on the young man as he grows up and seeks employment opportunities. We obviously don't want that to happen so I'd like to urge young people not to get involved in something that could have a long-lasting negative impact on their lives. I'd also encourage parents to speak to their children about what they're up to when they're out and about.

"It will cost the charity money to get the wheelie bin replaced or repaired - a burden they could do without as they don't receive Government funding and are reliant on donations and events held at the centre. With the current COVID-19 restrictions, generating income is harder than ever for good causes."

Anyone with information about who was responsible for the damage can contact PC Gill directly by emailing taranvir.gill@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/70629/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
