```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Acting on information from members of the public alongside police intelligence, officers carried out two drugs warrants in St Albans early this morning (Thursday March 29).
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2018
title: "Acting on information from you \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Acting-on-information-from-you-St-Albans-1867F
```

* ### Two drugs warrants executed this morning in St Albans.

 * ### Disruption and acting on information from the public.

 * ### Continue to report suspicious drug activity - drug users and dealers are not welcome in St Albans.

Acting on information from members of the public alongside police intelligence, officers carried out two drugs warrants in St Albans early this morning (Thursday March 29).

The addresses in Alban Avenue and Waverley lodge were targeted simultaneously at around 6.30am.

Officers from the Operation Scorpion team who deal with burglars, robbers and those involved in drug and vehicle-related crime were supported by the Operational Support Group (OSG) who are specifically trained in searched premises and gaining entry into properties, using force if necessary.

"Although we didn't make any arrests, today's operation was about disrupting people we believe are involved in drugs, acting on information from members of the public as well as safeguarding individuals," said St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek.

Two knives and drug paraphernalia were seized at the Waverley Lodge. Cannabis and drug paraphenalia were found at the Alban Avenue address.

He added: "Please continue to report any suspicious drug activity to us and we will act on it. However, please bear in mind that it does sometimes take time as we have to find other sources and in this case, apply for a warrant from the magistrates' court. We will continue to carry out these warrants to make it difficult for anyone involved in drugs to operate in St Albans."

Please call police on 101, report crime online or alternatively, residents can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 anonymously.

Follow Chief Inspector Cheek **@StAlbansChief** and the new **St Albans Community Safety Partnership** Facebook page **.**
