```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witness following a public order incident in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 28 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following public order incident in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-public-order-incident-in-hatfield-1095
```

* ### At around 10am on Saturday (23 November), a man was outside the Hilltop shops in High View, shouting and swearing

 * ### When challenged by a member of shop staff, he threatened them and continued shouting and swearing

 * ### Witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Jessica Gibbs on 101 or via email at _jessica.gibbs@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Officers are appealing for information and witness following a public order incident in Hatfield.

The incident happened on Saturday (23 November) outside the Hilltop shops in High View.

At around 10am, a man was outside the shops shouting and swearing. When challenged by a member of shop staff, he threatened them and continued shouting and swearing.

The man is described as being aged in his thirties, wearing glasses and a black cap. He also had a dog with him.

PC Jessica Gibbs, who is investigating, said: "We understand that many members of the public saw what happened and I would urge them to come forward and help with our enquiries.

"This would have been an unnerving incident for those that witnessed it and no one should be made to feel unsafe as they pop to their local shop.

"If you witnessed the incident or have other information about what happened, please call the non-emergency number or email me at _jessica.gibbs@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/105786/19."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
