```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the fatal shooting of a swan in Stanstead Abbotts are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2018
title: "Appeal following fatal shooting of swan \u2013 Stanstead Abbotts"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-fatal-shooting-of-swan-stanstead-abbotts-2020
```

* ### Did you see anything suspicious in the vicinity of Rye Meads Nature Reserve on Tuesday, October 30?

 * ### A swan was found sadly deceased by a member of the public, and was found to have been shot

 * ### If you can help, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/51912/18

Officers investigating the fatal shooting of a swan in Stanstead Abbotts are appealing for information and witnesses.

The bird was sadly found deceased by a member of the public in the Rye Meads Nature Reserve on Tuesday, October 30.

After a veterinary examination, it was determined that the animal had been shot - most probably while it was in flight.

Sergeant Jamie Bartlett, from the Rural Operational Support Team, said: "We are urging anyone who was in the vicinity of the nature reserve on or around October 30 to think back and recall whether there was anyone acting suspiciously in the area.

"The person who has killed this bird has committed an offence contrary to the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, which is legislation that protects wild birds like swans."

RSPCA inspector Rachel Smith said: "This poor swan has died as a result of this unnecessary attack and we are working with the police to find the person responsible for this sad incident.

"We would also like to remind members of the public that all wild birds, including swans, are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and it is an offence to kill, injure or take them without a licence. The maximum penalty, if found guilty, is six months in prison and an unlimited fine."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/51912/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to one of our call operators via web chat.

You can also call the RSPCA's cruelty line, in complete confidence, on 0300 1234 999.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
