```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary joined partner agencies, including Hertfordshire Trading Standards, as part of a national operation to disrupt and enforce against rogue traders.
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2018
title: Police and partners join forces to target rogue traders
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-and-partners-join-forces-to-target-rogue-traders-1888
```

Operation in Hatfield

 * ## Police officers joined Trading Standards and DVSA officers in an operation to combat rogue traders

 * ## 21 offences were detected during an operation at Hatfield weighbridge

 * ## Operation was carried out as part of a national week of action against rogue traders

Hertfordshire Constabulary joined partner agencies, including Hertfordshire Trading Standards, as part of a national operation to disrupt and enforce against rogue traders.

Operation Rogue Trader 2018 involved police forces working with partners as part of a week-long crime prevention initiative to target offenders and to raise public awareness of doorstep crime.

A rogue trader is someone who cold calls at a resident's door, often the elderly, and offers to do work on their home or garden which is either unnecessary or vastly over-priced. Offenders can damage property deliberately in order to obtain money, leave work unfinished and use intimidating behaviour in order to extort money.

Operation in Hatfield

Officers from teams within the Constabulary who deal with fraud, human trafficking and roads policing joined Trading Standards and Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) officers for an operation at Hatfield weighbridge on Wednesday October 10. The operation was targeting those using the county's roads to carry out rogue trading activities, as well as human trafficking, fly-tipping and traffic offences.

During the operation Road Policing Officers spent the day stopping vehicles using the road around the weighbridge, where the vehicles were checked for driving violations and other possible offences. One driver was reported for driving whilst disqualified and two vehicles were seized. Four drivers were found to be driving with no insurance and two vehicles had no valid MOT, in total 21 offences were identified and dealt with during the operation.

Vehicle inspections in Hatfield

Detective Sergeant Jen Yates from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit said: Rogue traders often target vulnerable victims by cold calling and pressurising them into paying for goods or services they do not need, which can often have a serious and lasting effect on the physical, mental health and wellbeing of the victim in addition to the financial detriment suffered.

"Officers from teams across the county have been concentrating their efforts on crime prevention and disruption of offenders together with our partners this week to send out a clear message to anyone involved in this type of crime that we will do all in our power to protect some of the most vulnerable in our communities from harm. But it's not just during this week we proactively target these offenders, in Hertfordshire we relentlessly pursue these criminals on a daily basis".

Colin Woodward, Deputy Executive Member Community Safety at Hertfordshire County Council, said: "Rogue traders and doorstep fraudsters prey on the most vulnerable in society. Working closely with Herts Police and other agencies means we can intervene sooner and safeguard potential victims. This campaign is a core part of a wider strategy to ensure Hertfordshire Trading Standards and the Police work together protecting the vulnerable and making sure that there's no place for these criminals to hide."

For more information on the Buy With Confidence scheme visit www.hertsdirect.org/bwc Consumers and businesses can contact Hertfordshire Trading Standards on 01707 292429 for advice.

Information about how to protect yourself from Rogue Traders can be found at: www.herts.police.uk/Protectyourmoney

**Whilst Hertfordshire Constabulary is working to drive down doorstep crime, the advice to deal with unexpected callers is:**

**' Not Sure? Don't Open the Door!**

 * Don't let unknown callers into your home.
 * Find a way to communicate through the door, without opening it, or look through a spy hole.
 * If you think a rogue trader is at the door call the police on 999
 * If you have arranged an appointment with someone, check their ID first before you let them in.
 * Never consider having work done on your house or garden by anyone who knocks on your door.
 * If the services offered cost over £42, the trader must advise you that you have 14 days to cancel the contract and must not start work until after this period, unless you sign a notice agreeing to waive this right.
