```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where threats were made in Stevenage are releasing pictures of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2018
title: Do you recognise this person?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-this-person-stevenage-2135
```

* **Between 4pm and 4.12pm on Sunday, November 24 two teenagers were threatened by a male in a public bridle path off Gresley Way, Stevenage**
 * **Following a verbal altercation, the offender produced what is believed to be a hunting knife before threatening the victims with it**
 * **Anyone who has any other information that could assist the investigation, is asked to contact PC Carl Webster by emailing carl.webster@herts.pnn.police.uk**

Officers investigating an incident where threats were made in Stevenage are releasing pictures of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between 4pm and 4.12pm on Saturday, November 24, two teenagers were riding dirt bikes on a public bridle path off Gresley Way.

A man entered the path from the housing estate across the road before becoming agitated with the teenagers for riding their bikes.

A verbal altercation followed and the offender produced what is believed to be a hunting knife before threatening the victims with it.

After the victims said they were calling the police, the offender walked away in the direction of the Walkern and Aston area.

The victims were physically unharmed.

Police would like to speak to the man pictured as they believe he may have been in the area at the time and have information about the incident that could prove useful to the investigation.

Anyone who recognises him or has any other information that could assist the investigation, is asked to contact PC Carl Webster by emailing carl.webster@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/59314/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
