```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage are releasing an e-fit of the offender and are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify him."
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2018
title: E-Fit released following burglary in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/E-Fit-released-following-burglary-in-Stevenage
```

* ### Police have released an e-fit of a man who burgled a home in Stevenage.

 * ### He was disturbed when the victim returned to the property. The offender then made off out of the front door.

 * ### Anyone who recognises him or has information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage are releasing an e-fit of the offender and are appealing for the public's help to identify him.

At around 12.14pm on Friday, December 15, the victim returned home to West Close where she discovered the offender inside her property. He then made off out of the front door.

Some loose change had been taken from a coin pot.

The offender is described as being a white man, around 5ft 10in tall, of slim build and aged in his 40s. He had a slim face with light coloured stubble, was wearing a beanie hat, a navy coloured jacket and dark coloured jeans. He was carrying a red and gold bag, which may have the word 'Edinburgh' on the side.

Detective Constable Kirsty Richardson, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim in this case was understandably left upset and shaken by her ordeal. She had returned home to discover a man she does not know inside her property.

"I'm appealing for anyone who recognises this man to get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and believes they saw a man matching the description. If you have a dash cam on your vehicle and were in the area at the time please check it as you may have captured footage of the offender."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Richardson by emailing kirsty.richardson2@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling 101 and quoting crime reference E1/17/10237 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
