```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "There\u2019s never been a better time to join the Online Watch Link (OWL) to find out about important updates in your area \u2013 as Elstree becomes the first town in the county to have almost all households signed-up."
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2020
title: Find out what police are doing in your area - Elstree has biggest sign-ups
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/find-out-what-police-are-doing-in-your-area-elstree-has-biggest-sign-ups-0002j
```

* ## There's never been a better time to join the Online Watch Link (OWL) to find out about important updates in your area.

 * ## Elstree becomes the first town in the county to have almost all households signed-up.

 * ## The Online Watch Link (OWL) is a free messaging system where residents can sign-up via www.owl.co.uk/herts to receive local police news.

There's never been a better time to join the Online Watch Link (OWL) to find out about important updates in your area - as Elstree becomes the first town in the county to have almost all households signed-up.

The Online Watch Link (OWL) is a free messaging system where residents can sign-up to receive local news about what is happening in their neighbourhood as well as limited relevant Force-wide news.

People who sign up don't need to do anything other than read the messages and act on any crime prevention advice. Typically messages would be alerting members to burglaries with relevant crime prevention advice, local missing people and car thefts.

Sue Thompson, Chair of Herts Watch, said: "However, in the current climate, we are also able to use it to let residents know about fraud and how to keep young people safe from online abuse. We are also sharing Force messages about the new laws enabling officers to force residents to go home if they do not comply with the rules of staying at home. It's very simple - we can reach large sections of the community at the click of a button."

In Elstree, determined PCSO John Hainsworth has spent hours walking the streets, knocking on every door, meeting new people and more importantly helping to reduce crime since he joined as a PCSO two years ago. In April 2018, 670 residents were signed up to OWL, since PCSO Hainsworth's intervention, there are now 1,781 households in the scheme, which is above the number of households in the area from the 2011 Census.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge said: "PCSO John Hainsworth is a real asset to Elstree and everyone knows him. He is making a positive difference. People signed up to OWL seem to have a more community focussed mindset which helps to keep our communities safer. We hope more people sign up across the rest of the county and act on any crime prevention measures."

Amongst the people signed up in Elstree including the High Commissioner in the UK for Equatorial Guinea, Her Excellency Maria Jesus Diallo Besari.

PCSO Hainsworth said: "Crucially since OWL membership increased, burglaries and car thefts significantly decreased. This is no coincidence. There were no burglaries for 115 days at the end of 2018 in Elstree (4 September until 28 December)."
