```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following an increase in reports of scam phone calls across the country.
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2019
title: Warning to residents as scam phone calls rise
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-to-residents-as-scam-phone-calls-rise-1028
```

* ### Residents warned as calls from bogus police officer rise

 * ### Scam involves callers claiming to be officers investigating fraud

 * ### Victims scammed out of thousands of pounds

Hertfordshire Constabulary is warning residents to stay vigilant following an increase in reports of scam phone calls across the country.

Victims are being called by bogus police officers and bank officials asking them to withdraw cash, purchase goods or provide bank cards and PIN numbers for collection by a courier. The fraudsters will often ask the victims to call back on 999, 101 or 161 to verify that they are genuine, however this is part of the scam. They keep the line open so that the victim continues to speak to the fraudster believing they are genuine officials.

During October 2019, victims living in Letchworth, Ware and Baldock received calls from a man claiming to be a DC Robson from the Metropolitan Police and handed over a total of £18,000. During the same period, four victims living in Hatfield were contacted by someone claiming to be a DC Taylor and handed over £20,000. In the last two month, 12 victims living in Welwyn Garden City, Hatfield and Watford, received calls from a man pretending to be DC Martin Rose from Watford Police Station and have lost approximately £10,000.

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "The fraudsters are extremely convincing and persistent and often target the elderly or vulnerable resulting in the loss of thousands of pounds.

"It's important to remember that police officers and bank officials will NEVER ask you to withdraw money, purchase goods or hand over private banking details.

"Please help us to raise awareness by sharing this with your friends and family, especially if they are vulnerable or elderly."

If you believe that you are a victim of this scam please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary's non- emergency number 101, using a different phone to that used to communicate with the fraudsters. If a fraud is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice:

 * Be sceptical of callers, even those who claim to be officials.
 * Don't be afraid to put the phone down with a brief 'No, thank you'.
 * NEVER give personal information, such as your date of birth or bank details, to unexpected callers.
 * Remember that the police or your bank would NEVER unexpectedly call you and ask you to withdraw cash or move your money to another account, as a result of fraud or any other reason.
 * If callers suggest you call your local police or bank to check who they are, use another phone or ensure the line has been fully disconnected by phoning a friend or relative first, or by waiting at least five minutes, otherwise you may think you've phoned a number, but you're simply talking to the fraudsters again. This is a common fraudsters' tactic.
 * If a caller asks you to type your bank PIN number into your telephone handset - do not do this, as fraudsters can use technology to identify the numbers.
 * You can opt out of many cold calls by registering for free with the Telephone Preference Service on 0845 070 0707.

Visit www.actionfraud.com or www.herts.police.uk/protectyourmoney for advice on avoiding scams.

To see a video demonstrating how fraudsters operate visit: www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYco9_iSK7k.
