```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Off duty officers from Broxbourne\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Team challenged local youngsters to play in a mini football tournament, held on Thursday 22 August 2019."
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2019
title: Officers challenge local young people to a football tournament
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-challenge-local-youths-to-a-football-tournament-671
```

* ### Police officers challenge Cheshunt youths to a football tournament

 * ### The tournament took place at Laura Trott Leisure Centre on 22 August

 * ### #Livesnotknives footballs were used during the tournament

Off duty officers from Broxbourne's Safer Neighbourhood Team challenged local youngsters to play in a mini football tournament, held on Thursday 22 August 2019.

The event took place at the Laura Trott Leisure Centre in Cheshunt, with young people from Waltham Cross Youth Centre and other youth projects taking part in a round robin competition. The teams used #livesnotknives footballs, provided by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Children and Young Persons (CYP) team as part of an initiative to divert young people away from violent crime. Over 40 young people took part in the competition

The CYP team also provided #livesnotknives water bottles, wristbands and footballs to the youngsters who took part. The tournament was played in a great spirit on a very hot afternoon. Broxbourne Council had a stall at the event giving out information to all the young people about local clubs and events run by the council.

PCSO Tristian Morrison, from the Cheshunt Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This is a great event that the Broxbourne policing teams have been involved with for several years. All of the officers were taking part in their own time, as they feel it is a great way to get to know the local young people a bit better, the more time we spend with them the more trust they have in us.

"The lives not knives initiative has made this event even better, as we have been able to involve more local organisations and get even more people involved."

The annual football tournament is part of a programme of summer youth engagement activities organised by Broxbourne Borough Council, in partnership with the Police and YC Hertfordshire, to provide a positive alternative to youth boredom and anti-social behaviour.

Other activities have included skatejams at Cheshunt Park and Pound Close, a Fit & Fed holiday hunger project in Waltham Cross, Lark in the Park summer sports and additional youth multi-sports at Old Highway, Goffs Oak, Canada Fields and Cheshunt Park. Broxbourne's youth offer can be found at www.broxbourne.gov.uk/TheGuide, on Twitter at @YouthBroxbourne or in copies of The Guide youth brochure available in leisure facilities, schools, libraries and youth centres.
