```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "After a thirteen month enquiry, those who pleaded guilty in connection with the violent disorder that happened in Welwyn Garden City\u2019s town centre on September 24, 2016, were sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday, December 12."
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2017
title: Ten people sentenced in connection with night of violent disorder in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Ten-people-sentenced-in-connection-with-night-of-violent-disorder-in-WelwynGardenCity-1266B
```

###

 * ### Each of the ten people who were sentenced received significant sentences for their part in the violent disorder.

 * ### This sort of violent behaviour will not be tolerated in Welwyn Hatfield.

 * ### Always report anti-social behaviour and disorder to police via the non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 if an offence is in progress.

After a thirteen month enquiry, those who pleaded guilty in connection with the violent disorder that happened in Welwyn Garden City's town centre on September 24, 2016, were sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday, December 12.

Following the disorder that night, Welwyn Hatfield's Local Crime Unit launched Operation Hade to find those responsible and tackle the on-going anti-social behaviour, disorder and associated crime experienced in parts of Welwyn Garden City.

Extensive enquiries led to the arrest and charge of 12 individuals, and three weeks into the trial, 11 of those pleaded guilty. Ten of these were sentenced on Tuesday.

Those who pleaded guilty and were sentenced to the Violent Disorder include:

 * 18-year-old Billy Doherty, from Welwyn Garden City, and currently residing at HMP Bedford, was sentenced to 30 months imprisonment.
 * 22-year-old Matthew Wall from Homestead Lane Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment.
 * 18-year-old Owen McColm, from Sandpit Road, Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to 10 months imprisonment.
 * 18-year-old Jordan Bellamy-Pressley, from Mountway Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment, suspended for two years, 150 hours of unpaid work and a four month curfew between 8pm and 7.30am
 * A 16-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to an 18 month detention and training order.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Hatfield was sentenced to a 12 month detention and training order.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to a 12 month referral order, 100 hours of unpaid work, a three month curfew between 11pm and 6am and a 30 hour intensive supervision surveillance order.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to a 24 month youth rehabilitation order, a 90 day intensive supervision surveillance order, 100 hours of unpaid work and a four month curfew between 9pm and 7am.

A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City, who pleaded guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Robbery, is due to be sentenced in January 2018.

An 18-year-old from Welwyn Garden City, who had been arrested and charged on suspicion of Violent Disorder had no further action taken against him as no further evidence was offered.

Two pleaded guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Robbery at St Albans Crown Court in June. They include:

 * 19-year-old Alex Bakewell from Peartree Lane Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to three years imprisonment.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City was sentenced to 24 months youth rehabilitation order, a 90 day intensive supervision surveillance order, to wear an electronic tag between 8pm and 7.30am for three months, 100 hours of unpaid work and 30 hours in an attendance centre.

**Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who leads Welwyn Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit, said**:

"We are delighted with the outcome of this case. My officers worked incredibly hard and diligently to bring these individuals to justice.

"Those sentenced today behaved like animals that night in September 2016 and they should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves. They put their victims through pain and terrible distress, which will no doubt stay with them for many years to come.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary will not tolerate such unacceptable, violent disorderly behaviour and we will continue to come down hard on those responsible as we have with Operation Hade."

**Welwyn Hatfield 's Chief Inspector Ruth Dodsworth, said: **"I am very pleased with this sentencing result. Detectives from our Local Crime Unit worked extremely hard to secure these convictions which demonstrate that anyone involved in such serious offences will face the consequences of their actions.

"All officers across Welwyn Hatfield work tirelessly every day to keep local people safe and we are determined to continue to take a robust approach with anyone involved in such ASB and disorder. Through our own investigations and information from the public, we can work together to keep the area safe and I would therefore strongly encourage people to always report suspicious activity and ASB to us should they come across it.

"Crime or suspicious activity can be reported to us via the police non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 if you witness an offence in progress. Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."

Alex Bakewell Billy Doherty Matthew Wall Owen McColm
