```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: North Herts Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley made a public appeal this morning (Monday, June 25) for information on the whereabouts of missing William Taylor.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2018
title: Public appeal for information on missing William Taylor
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Public-appeal-for-information-on-missing-William-Taylor-0419MD
```

* ### North Herts Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley has made a public appeal for information on William Taylor's whereabouts

 * ### He has now been missing for over three weeks

 * ### Anyone who has information should call 101. If you see him, call 999 straight away

North Herts Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley made a public appeal this morning (Monday, June 25) for information on the whereabouts of missing William Taylor.

70 year old William Taylor was last seen at his home in Gosmore at around 9pm on Sunday, June 3.

Speaking from his home in Gosmore today, North Herts Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley, said: "This is an unbearable situation for his family who are incredibly worried.

"William has turned 70 since he has been missing and his family have not been able to celebrate this happy occasion with him.

"I am appealing to anyone who might have seen William or anyone who has information on his whereabouts to get in touch with us.

"We are growing increasingly concerned for his welfare and any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in us finding William."

William is described as white and around 5ft 11in tall. He is of a medium build and has short grey hair. He was last seen wearing a baby blue-coloured shirt, jeans and black wellies. It is believed that William may be wearing a navy blue boiler suit.

If you have seen him since he went missing or have information about his whereabouts please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101. If you believe you are with William or have seen him in the last few moments please call 999.

The appeal can be viewed on our YouTube channel at https://youtu.be/SfMcy-2_TmE.
