```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As the country emerges from lockdown and people are starting to get out and about more, Hertfordshire Constabulary is advising cyclists ensure their bicycles are secure at all times.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2020
title: Secure your bicycle this summer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/secure-your-bicycle-this-summer-364
```

* ### Cyclists advised to register bikes on www.bikeregister.com

 * ### As cycling increases during the summer so does bike theft

 * ### Visit www.herts.police.uk/protectyourproperty for security tips

As the country emerges from lockdown and people are starting to get out and about more, Hertfordshire Constabulary is advising cyclists ensure their bicycles are secure at all times.

Summertime generally sees an increase in the number of people cycling and criminals are also on the lookout for easy targets, so the best way to keep your bike safe is to follow our security advice.

Crime Prevention Officer Colin Mann, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit, said: "We started using a new bike marking system earlier this year, www.bikeregister.com. The system involves permanently and visibly marking a bike with a unique ID code which is applied to the bike frame on a tamper resistant QR label. This code proves ownership and places the details on BikeRegister's secure national database. Not only does the register deter thieves, it also alerts police that the bike is registered, so if it is stolen and then recovered, the code can be checked on the database to verify the true owner and we return it."

The following advice will also help to keep your bike more secure:

 * **Invest in good quality security. **Spend between 10-15per cent of the value of the bike on its security.
 * **Lock your bike frame AND wheels TO something with two different types of lock! **Just using a chain and lock around a bike frame and wheels without locking it to something sturdy leaves your bike vulnerable to being taken. But locking only the frame or the wheels to something could result in unsecured parts being stolen.
 * **Use a chain and D-lock combination - avoid cable locks. **Cable locks offer little deterrent to thieves as they are easy to cut with basic cable cutters, hacksaws and even wire-cutters. See our advice and recommendations below on locks.
 * **Lock your bike to something secure. **Where possible secure your bike to a bike rack, pedestrian railings or some other large and tough object. Avoid locking to street signage - some are not very high, which makes it easy to lift bikes over the top of the post. Thieves may also un-bolt the sign to do this.
 * **Natural surveillance.** Lock your bike where you can see it. If this is not possible, find a busy area.
 * **Security at home. **Most bicycles are stolen from home so ensure your sheds, outbuildings and garages are secure. Consider installing ground anchors if you have a concrete floor. If not, look for security rated products specifically for wooden and metal sheds.
 * **Bike registration.** Register your bike on The Bike Register, a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.

You can find further advice on securing bicycles and other valuables at www.herts.police.uk/protectyourproperty.

If you have any information about the bike thefts call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
