```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The multi-agency Operation Vortical, which used Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology, took place in Hemel Hempstead on Thursday (November 8) to detect and disrupt criminals.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2018
title: Multi-agency operation in Hemel Hempstead to disrupt criminals
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/multi-agency-operation-in-hemel-hempstead-to-disrupt-criminals-2056D
```

The multi-agency Operation Vortical, which used Automatic Number Plate Recognition technology, took place in Hemel Hempstead on Thursday (November 8) to detect and disrupt criminals.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, Operation Scorpion, Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, Mobile Scorpion Team and Special Constabulary were involved in the action which saw several vehicles seized and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs seized.

Vehicles were stopped on Breakspear Way and Boundary Way and taken to check points where drivers' details were verified and their vehicles were also examined for any defects.

More than 109 vehicles were stopped during the five and a half hour operation.

 * 19 vehicles were seized for either having no insurance or linked to the supply of drugs.
 * A suspected stolen vehicle was seized
 * Numerous Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) were issued, for offences including no insurance, no tax, no MOT and using a mobile phone whilst driving.

The following arrests were also made:

 * Richard Derby, aged 31, of no fixed address, was arrested and charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and driving with no insurance. His vehicle was seized.
 * Jay Edwards, a 21 year old man from Latimer Close, Watford was arrested and charged for theft of a motor vehicle, possession of Class B drugs, possession of an offensive weapon and driving with no insurance. He was also wanted for failing to attend court in relation to breaching a court order.
 * Elvis Hasani, a 32 year old man from Iveagh Court, Hemel Hempstead was charged with possession of Class B drugs, disqualified and dangerous driving and driving with no insurance. His vehicle was seized.
 * A 30 year old man from London is currently still in custody following his arrest for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. His vehicle was seized.

Sergeant Damien Hewitt said: "This kind of high-visibility multi-agency operation sends out a clear message that cross border offenders risk being caught if they come into Hertfordshire to commit their crimes. I was pleased with the results and we will look to hold similar operations in future."
