```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Cadets from St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police cadets were formally recognised for their outstanding achievements at their annual award ceremony held at Harpenden Fire Station last week.
publish:
  date: 27 Sep 2019
title: St Albans police cadets praised for their hard work
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/st-albans-police-cadets-praised-for-their-hard-work-823
```

* ### St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates joined cadets for their annual award ceremony.

 * ### Senior Cadet Tom Beddoe was named Cadet of the Year 2019.

 * ### We are recruiting new Cadets, visit www.herts.police.uk/cadets for more information.

Cadets from St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police cadets were formally recognised for their outstanding achievements at their annual award ceremony held at Harpenden Fire Station last week.

The ceremony, on Tuesday September 17, was a chance for the cadets to reflect back on the highlights of the year and receive recognition for their contribution to both the Constabulary and the local community over the past 12 months.

Cadets and their parents were joined by VIP guests, including St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates, Station Commander from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, Lee Haward and the Mayor of St Albans City & District, Janet Smith.

The evening began with the cadets taking part in a parade, inspected by Chief Inspector Coates, before a number of awards were given out to recognise the cadets' hard work throughout the past year.

Senior Cadet Tom Beddoe was awarded 'Cadet of the Year 2019' and Casey Grimwade was presented with the 'Cadets' Cadet of the Year 2019,' nominated by her peers.

Chief Inspector Coates said: "I was delighted to recognise the work our police cadets have contributed to the St Albans district. They have grown in confidence and looked exceptionally smart at the ceremony. It was great to talk to them and their parents about their work. We have been very lucky to find cadets who really want to make a positive difference to their local community and they are excellent role models for their peers. The older cadets will be able to use their experience in their future careers and we hope some may even join as police officers or PCSOs."

St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadet Leader, Inspector Steve Alison said: "I am so immensely proud of the cadets who are a real credit to the Force. They often work closely with frontline officers to help keep residents safe, assisting them with anything from crime prevention events, test purchasing operations to marshalling duties at community events. The cadets take their role seriously and go above and beyond, but they also have a lot of fun."

Police Cadets are aged between 13 and 18 and are involved in a wide range of policing activities and events. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. Specialist departments such as the tri-force Armed Policing Unit give regular talks, and groups also take part in exciting outdoor activities and summer camps.

St Albans and Harpenden Volunteer Police Cadets are currently recruiting for new cadets. If you are interested in applying, or would like some more information, please go to www.herts.police.uk/cadets or email stalbanscadets@herts.pnn.police.uk.
