```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following robbery in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-in-Croxley-Green
```

* Two men entered the Spar store in Croxley Green and threatened the cashier.
 * They took the till drawer and made off in the direction of the canal.
 * Anyone who saw two men behaving suspiciously in the area are asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a robbery in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 4.20pm on Saturday, December 2, two men entered the Spar store in Baldwins Lane and threatened the cashier demanding he open the till. One of the offenders was armed with a knife.

They took notes from the till before removing the till drawer completely and making off in the direction of the canal.

Detective Sergeant Steve Boddy, who is investigating, said: "This robbery happened at a time when there would have been other people in the local area. I'm appealing for anyone who believes they saw two men behaving suspiciously or making off from the store to get in touch, as you may have information that can assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DS Boddy by email steven.boddy@herts.pnn.police.uk, or call the police non-emergency number quoting crime reference C2/17/3699, or you can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
