```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A teenager has been sentenced to seven and a half years after a series of robberies and attempted robberies in Potters Bar, Hatfield, St Albans, Hertford and Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 6 Jan 2021
title: Teenager jailed for robberies and attempted robberies
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-jailed-for-robberies-and-attempted-robberies-1057
```

* ### A teenager has been jailed after pleading guilty to 15 robberies and attempted robberies.

 * ### 19 year old Bradley Gill, of Little Hadham, was sentenced to seven and a half years at St Albans Crown Court on 21 December.

 * ### The offences took place in Potters Bar, Hatfield, St Albans, Hertford and Bishop's Stortford.

A teenager has been sentenced to seven and a half years after a series of robberies and attempted robberies in Potters Bar, Hatfield, St Albans, Hertford and Bishop's Stortford.

Bradley Gill, aged 19 of Lloyd Taylor Close, Little Hadham, appeared at St Albans Crown Court via videolink on Friday 21 December where he was sentenced for 15 robberies and attempted robberies. He was sent to a Young Offenders' Institute.

Gill had previously pleaded guilty to the offences which took place between the 11 December 2019 and 16 December 2019.

Detective Barnaby Goding, of the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit said: "These were disturbing incidents for all of the victims and so we are pleased Bradley Gill has been taken off the streets.

"A knife was used to threaten some of the victims during these incidents, I'd like to again reiterate that the Constabulary takes robbery very seriously and knife crime will not be tolerated.

"We will do all we can within our powers to catch and punish those responsible."
