```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Construction work is now under way to redevelop Hemel Hempstead police station.
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2018
title: Redevelopment of Hemel Hempstead police station
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/redevelopment-of-hemelhempstead-police-station-1879D
```

* ### The development was given the green light by the Police and Crime Commissioner last year.

 * ### The current building is no longer fit for purpose and is in need of regeneration.

 * ### The project is expected to be completed by September 2019.

Construction work is now under way to redevelop Hemel Hempstead police station.

The £1.9 million refurbishment at the site in Coombe Street was given the green light by Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd last year and will position the station as the strategic policing base for the west of the county.

Several alternative options were considered, including co-locating the police station in another civic building, however this was deemed not operationally or financially beneficial to the force or the public.

The first phase is the demolition of the existing custody area and the provision of a two-storey temporary building to accommodate the police station, while the refurbishment and extension of the existing station take place (the second phase).

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: "The current building is 60 years old and is no longer fit for purpose. This refurbishment will provide modern facilities and improved working conditions for officers and staff.

"It will also allow officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, Intervention (emergency response), Local Crime Unit and Community Safety Unit to be based in the same area of the building, allowing for better communication and, ultimately, an improved service for the public.

"I want to reassure people that the police station will remain fully operational throughout the construction work and members of the public will still be able to attend appointments."

It is anticipated both phases of the redevelopment will be completed by September 2019.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "I'm pleased the improvements at Hemel Hempstead police station are now under way, enabling the Constabulary to continue operating from the centre of town, in the largest district in the county.

"Our police estate is first and foremost an operational matter, but I must ensure the public gets the value for money it expects from our public institutions.

"This redevelopment also meets with the principles set out in my Community Safety and Criminal Justice Plan, which calls for sensible use of our buildings and a significant presence in each of the ten districts in Hertfordshire."
