```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An extension has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates today (Thursday, May 2) to a closure order on a flat in Radcliffe Road in Hitchin, in a bid to prevent the resident returning.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: Extension granted to closure order on Hitchin property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/extension-granted-to-closure-order-on-hitchin-property-0157G
```

* ### Extension granted to keep Hitchin flat closed.

 * ### Local officers work with partners to find a permanent solution to the problem.

 * ### Local residents report dramatic reduction in ASB.

An extension has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates today (Thursday, May 2) to a closure order on a flat in Radcliffe Road in Hitchin, in a bid to prevent the resident returning.

The property is managed by Aldwych Housing Association and the settle Group, who have worked closely with local officers to tackle the issues at the address. The home had been linked to drug dealing, drug use and people causing a disturbance in and around the property.

The original Closure Order was granted on Friday, February 8, under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It banned anyone from entering the property for three months.

Community Safety Sergeant Simon Mullan said **:** "Since we have closed this address we have seen a dramatic reduction in the amount of anti-social behaviour in Radcliffe Road. People have a right to feel safe in their own homes, which is why we have sought this extension while we work with partners to find a permanent solution."

"The original closure order was sought following numerous complaints from local residents who were affected by the behaviour of the occupant and his associates. Having spoken to residents we know that their quality of life has significantly improved since the property has been closed."
