```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery which occurred in Cheshunt on Tuesday, October 10.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following a robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-in-Cheshunt-1049
```

* ### 13 year old boy robbed in in McGredy, Cheshunt, on Tuesday, October 10.

 * ### Blue and black boys Tiger mountain bike stolen.

 * ### Police appeal for witnesses and information.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery which occurred in Cheshunt on Tuesday, October 10.

Between 7.05pm and 7.20pm the victim, a 13 year old boy, was riding along a footpath that leads from Rosedale Way to Goffs Lane. Two other boys were on the path (at the Rosedale Way end) when one of them grabbed the victim pulling him from the bike. He then rode off on the bike and the second boy ran off after him.

The bike is a blue and black boys Tiger mountain bike.

The first suspect is described as being aged 15/16 years old, around 5ft 6/7ins tall, of regular build and wearing a dark tracksuit with the hood up.

The second suspect is described as being around the same age, of a regular build and he was also wearing a dark tracksuit with the hood up.

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Rebecca March via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number **101** , quoting crime reference K2/17/4546.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at https://crimestoppers-uk.org/

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
