```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Watford are appealing for witnesses who may have information that could help identify the offenders.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2019
title: Appeal following a robbery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-robbery-in-watford-0655c
```

* Officers are investigating a robbery in Watford are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
 * The incident happened on 6 August in Horseshoe Lane.
 * Anyone who may have information are encouraged to dial 101, quoting 41/71408/19.

Officers investigating a robbery in Watford are appealing for witnesses who may have information that could help identify the offenders.

The incident happened at around 5pm on Tuesday 6 August in Horseshoe Lane.

A boy was walking near Francis Coombe Academy when he was approached by a group of three boys who demanded that the victim hand over his mobile phone and threatened him if he didn't.

The boy handed over the phone before he left the scene unharmed.

The first offender is described as a black boy around 5ft 9in tall, of slim to average build and around 16 years old. He wore all black clothing with his hood up.

The second offender - who was on a mountain bike - is described as being a black boy of around 6ft tall of slim to average build, around 16 years old and wore black clothing with a hood over his head.

The third offender is described as an Asian boy of around 5ft 10in tall, around 16 years old and of slim to average build. He also wore black clothing with his hood up.

Police Staff Investigator Elaine Counsell, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a scary ordeal for the victim.

"We hope to identify those who are responsible before they do this again. We therefore urge anyone who may have information about the incident - no matter how small - to come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Elaine Counsell via email at elaine.counsell@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/71408/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
