```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team is asking the public for their help in determining the policing priorities in their area.
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2021
title: Use echo to help your local officers set their policing priorities in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/use-echo-to-help-your-local-officers-set-their-policing-priorities-in-abbots-langley-1179c
```

* ## Residents living in the Abbots Langley area are encouraged to use echo to give feedback to their local policing teams.

 * ## This enables them to set their policing priorities and focus resources to where they are needed most.

 * ## If you live in Abbots Langley, Kings Langley, Bedmond, Langleybury or Leavesden, fill out the quick online form, Abbots Langley echo (opens in a new window).

The Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team is asking the public for their help in determining the policing priorities in their area.

Residents living in the areas of Abbots Langley, Leavesden, Kings Langley, Bedmond and Langleybury can have their say on what they think their local policing teams should be focusing on in their neighbourhood, by submitting their thoughts using the Constabulary's online feedback platform, echo, at Abbots Langley echo.

The information gathered online will be used to shape the area's policing priorities for the next three months, before the team then shares the work that has been done to tackle the issues raised.

Police Community Support Officers Ryan Beeson and Alice Franklin-Smith have recently been carrying out high-visibility patrols and engaging with the public in response to reports of anti-social behaviour in the Leavesden area. If there is a location that residents think the team should include more frequently on their patrol plan, they are encouraged to use echo to get in touch.

Sergeant Amy Stansbury, who leads the Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "As we continue to live and work through the coronavirus pandemic, it is more vital than ever that we continue to engage with our communities and listen to what they need from us. It is very much business as usual here, with my teams continuing their daily patrols, responding to incidents, problem-solving with communities and looking out for vulnerable residents.

"Echo is a great way for us to maintain contact with the communities we serve and gather vital feedback to enable us to focus on the issues that are important to them, and target our resources where they are needed most.

"The online form is quick and easy to use, and you can remain anonymous if you wish. Please take a few minutes to let us know what you think we should be focusing on in your neighbourhood. We are here, and listening."

When submitting your thoughts via echo please include as much detail as possible, such as which area you are referring to, by using road or ward names.

Please don't use echo to report a crime. To do that, you can use our online form, launch a web chat with an operator in the Force Communications Room or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately.
