```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Dash Cams for farmer\u2019s vehicles was one of the new initiatives to tackle rural crime that was discussed at the East Herts annual barn meet on Tuesday November 21."
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2017
title: East Herts Hosts Popular Barn Meet
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/East-Herts-Hosts-Popular-Barn-Meet-1199A
```

* ### More than 100 residents attend annual East Herts barn meet.

 * ### Chief Constable and Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner discuss rural issues.

 * ### New initiatives to tackle rural crime announced.

Dash Cams for farmer's vehicles was one of the new initiatives to tackle rural crime that was discussed at the East Herts annual barn meet on Tuesday November 21.

More than 100 rural residents, including local landowners, farmers and rural businesses, attended the event which was held at the Half Way House Farm in Hunsdon.

The barn meet is a popular event which enables the rural communities of East Herts to meet with police and partner agencies to discuss issues which affect them on a daily basis.

Attendees heard talks by the Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner David Gibson, Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald, Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt and Rural Sergeant Duncan Wallace. They spoke about what the police and partner agencies are doing to tackle rural crime. Other attendees included Liz Watts, Chief Executive of East Herts Council, representatives from the NFU, Hertfordshire Constabulary's Rural Operational Support Team and officers from Essex whose beats border East Herts.

The audience then had the opportunity to ask questions and the subjects covered included fly tipping, hare coursing and the subsequent damage to land, and police resources allocated to rural policing.

Chief Inspector McDonald spoke about plans to install dash cams into farm vehicles to help identify criminals and gather evidence to help bring them to justice. This is a partnership initiative led by the police and supported by the Police and Crime Commissioner and East Herts Council.

"We have had some success recently seizing a quad bike that had been ridden around farmer's fields causing a huge amount of damage to crops," explained Inspector McDonald. "We crushed this bike, however there are many more vehicles out there that we need to trace and catch the drivers in the act. We hope that by issuing some of our landowners with dash cams, we will be able to identify offenders and their vehicles more easily."

Operation GALILEO - a national initiative aimed at tackling hare coursing was also discussed. Led by the East Herts Rural Team for Hertfordshire, who are working closely with colleagues in Uttlesford in Essex, a special day of action is scheduled to take place every month until April 2018.

"Hare coursing is a huge problem in the rural areas," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace. "The areas we have to police are huge and the offenders move quickly often crossing over county boarders. By tying in with the rural teams in Essex we have been able to share intelligence and resources meaning we can track offenders more effectively.

"Our rural communities are very important to us and we understand that they have specific policing needs. It was great to see so many people at the event."

Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner, David Gibson added: "The barn meet is a good opportunity to hear from the general farming community on the rural crime issues affecting them.

"The Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd, takes these matters very seriously and in 2016 provided a £400,000 fund to support partnership schemes around fly tipping and other problems. Over £80,000 of the fund has so far been spent in funding anti fly tipping initiatives including the purchase of new cameras for deployment at fly tipping hotspots across the county.

"We recognise that there remains a lot more work to be done and we will continue to encourage and work with the Constabulary and other partners on tackling these challenges."

Barn Meet
