```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "To mark this year\u2019s National Volunteers\u2019 Week Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new microsite for people to find out more about its Police Support Volunteer (PSV) scheme."
publish:
  date: 1 Jun 2018
title: "Constabulary launches new microsite to mark National Volunteers\u2019 Week"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/constabulary-launches-new-microsite-to-mark-national-volunteers-week-0293
```

* ### The site features general information and frequently asked questions about the scheme.

 * ### Existing volunteers also talk about their varied roles.

 * ### The Constabulary's volunteers have contributed more than 16,350 hours between them in the past year.

To mark this year's National Volunteers' Week Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new microsite for people to find out more about its Police Support Volunteer (PSV) scheme.

The site features general information about PSVs, the vital tasks they undertake and an extensive list of frequently asked questions for anyone who may be interested in joining the team.

Visitors to the site can also read testimonials from some the Constabulary's existing 313 volunteers, who have contributed more than 16,350 hours between them over the past year.

They work in a variety of roles, supporting more than 21 teams across the county, enabling officers and staff to focus on tasks for which their training and skills are essential.

Roles include day-to-day administration, assisting at crime prevention events and with officer training, supporting vulnerable witnesses and leading Volunteer Police Cadet groups.

Workforce Planning Superintendent Clare Smith said: "Each and every one of our volunteers make an invaluable contribution to the Constabulary through their varied roles and we are so grateful for their continued support.

"There are many benefits to volunteering; it offers the chance to give something back to the community and make a difference to the people around you. It also provides an opportunity to develop new skills or build on your existing experience and knowledge.

"If you are interested in joining our fantastic volunteer team, please take a look at the new website to find out more."

National Volunteers' Week (June 1 - 7) is an annual celebration to thank those who give up their time to support organisations and good causes across the UK.

As part of this year's event, the Constabulary will be featuring profiles of its volunteers on social media. They will talk about their various roles and what it means to them to be part of the police family.

An awards ceremony will also be held at Police Headquarters to celebrate the fantastic contributions our volunteers make.

The new site can be found here: www.herts.police.uk/PoliceSupportVolunteers
