```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An image taken by the National Police Air Service as part of the search for missing William Taylor has been released today.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2018
title: Missing William Taylor - Helicopter image released as search continues
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Missing-William-Taylor-Helicopter-image-released-as-search-continues-0566MD
```

* ### 70 year old William Taylor has been missing from his home in Gosmore since Sunday 3 June

 * ### Officers are carrying out extensive enquiries to try and locate him

 * ### Contact police if you have seen him or have any information on his whereabouts

An image taken by the National Police Air Service as part of the search for missing William Taylor has been released today.

The photo which was taken on Friday, June 8 shows the large scale of the rural farmland surrounding William's home in Gosmore, North Herts.

Officers have been searching the farmland since Thursday 5 July.

William was last seen at his home at around 9pm on Sunday, June 3. Since going missing, he has turned 70 years old - a milestone birthday that he has not been able to celebrate with his family.

William is described as white and around 5ft 11in tall. He is of a medium build and has short grey hair. He was last seen wearing a baby blue-coloured shirt, jeans and black wellies. It is believed that William may be wearing a navy blue boiler suit.

North Hertfordshire Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley said: "We are nearing the two-month anniversary of William going missing and extensive enquiries are being carried out to try and trace missing William.

"In addition to the searches, we are conducting enquiries into William's lifestyle, as well speaking to friends and family. We have also been conducting enquiries following a number of reported sightings which have unfortunately proved negative.

"I would like to continue to urge the public to contact us if you think you have seen William or have information on where he might be. This is an incredibly worrying time for his family and we are growing more concerned for William's welfare by the day."

If you have seen William since he went missing or have information about his whereabouts please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101. If you believe you are with William or have seen him in the last few moments please call 999.

You can also report information, including sightings, on the public portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/824

William Taylor's home in Gosmore William Taylor
