```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a criminal damage in Royston.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2020
title: Criminal damage in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/criminal-damage-in-royston-0798
```

* ### The incident occurred in a layby on the A505.

 * ### A lorry curtain was slashed, causing significant damage.

 * ### Officers are asking drivers to review dash cam footage.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a criminal damage in Royston.

Between 5.30pm on Monday 26 October and 6am on Tuesday 27 October, a lorry curtain was slashed while it was parked in a layby on the A505, between the Melbourn Street roundabout and the Tesco roundabout on Old North Road.

PC Taranvir Gill said: "Although nothing was taken, considerable damage was caused to the curtain, causing financial loss to the victim.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area to please come forward. I'd particularly like to hear from anyone who may have captured any dash cam footage. If you were driving in the area last night, please do review your footage and contact me if you have captured anything of relevance."

Anyone with information is asked to email PC Taranvir Gill.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/86525/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
