```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-Hertford
```

* ### An 18 year old man was approached by a group of men in North Road, Hertford.

 * ### He was told the hand over his money and phone.

 * ### The victim managed to run away from the offenders and was helped by a member of staff at the train station who contacted police.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hertford.

Between 2.15am and 2.30am on Saturday, June 16, the victim - an 18 year old man - was walking along North Road when a group of men approached him and demanded he hand over his money and phone.

The victim ran away from the offenders and was helped by a member of staff at the train station.

The offenders are described as a group of mostly black men who were aged around 20 years old.

Detective Constable Abygail Page, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim in this case managed to swiftly make off from the offenders. He was not injured in any way and did not hand over any of his valuables. Nonetheless this would have been an upsetting and frightening experience.

"I'm appealing for anyone who saw the attempted robbery or believes they saw a group of men acting suspiciously in the area around the time stated to contact me as you may have information that can help us to identify the offenders."

Anyone with information is asked to email DC Page at abygail.page@herts.pnn.police.uk, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/8110/18 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
