```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating a \u2018road rage\u2019 incident in Cheshunt are appealing for witnesses to come forward exactly one week on."
publish:
  date: 11 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal one week after Cheshunt road rage incident
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Witness-appeal-one-week-after-cheshunt-road-rage-incident-1001
```

* ### Witness appeal launched one week on

 * ### Did you see Cheshunt 'road rage' incident?

 * ### Detectives asking for any information on 101, quoting 41/99897/19

Detectives investigating a 'road rage' incident in Cheshunt are appealing for witnesses to come forward exactly one week on.

Last Monday 4 November, police were called to Church Lane at 7.35pm to reports of an argument between motorists where a vehicle was driven at one man, who was seriously hurt.

A man sustained serious injuries after colliding with a VW Golf, believed to be silver coloured. He was taken by ambulance to hospital for treatment.

DC Paul Dicker, who is investigating, said: "One week on, we're hoping people who drive along this route regularly will remember seeing this incident unfold and come forward with any information.

"The victim sustained serious injuries, including broken bones, and we are treating it as grievous bodily harm. If anyone saw what happened - any part of the incident, including people arguing - I'd ask them to please get in touch."

Two people were arrested on the night of the incident and released under investigation.

Anyone with further information in regards to this investigation is asked to report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/99897/19**.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
