```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal following criminal damage in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-hatfield-1057
```

* ### A motorcycle was damaged in Hatfield on Thursday 31 October.

 * ### Extensive damage was caused to the vehicle.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Hatfield.

The incident happened on Thursday 31 October, between 1.54pm and 2.15pm, at The Town Inn, Queensway.

The victim left his motorcycle in the car park.

When he returned, the motorcycle was on its side. The handguard and steering bar were both broken, and the exhaust protector was scratched.

PC Darren Turner, who is investigating, said: "We are aware that some time has passed since the date of the incident, but we are making sure that we follow up all possible lines of enquiry.

"If you were in the area at the time, and believe you may have witnessed the incident take place, or think you may have witnessed suspicious activity, please get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact PC Turner directly via email at _Darren.Turner@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/99082/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
