```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating the source of a cannabis plantation in Lee Valley Park are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following discovery of cannabis plantation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-discovery-cannabis-plantation
```

* ### Police appeal for information and witnesses after discovery of cannabis plantation in Lee Valley Park.

 * ### Around 20 mature plants found in woodland off Trinity Lane on Tuesday, October 10.

Police investigating the source of a cannabis plantation in Lee Valley Park are appealing for information and witnesses.

Appeal following discovery of cannabis plantation

Officers conducting routine patrols discovered the crop of mature plants, of which there were around 20 in total, in woodland off Trinity Lane on Tuesday, October 10.

Chief Inspector Ian Butler said: "A number of officers spotted the plants while conducting routine patrols in the park and when it became clear that the crop had been tended to, an investigation was launched.

"The plants have now been seized and destroyed, and officers are working to establish the person or persons responsible for cultivating it.

Appeal following discovery of cannabis plantation

"Thanks to the tenacity of those officers, these plants are no longer destined for illegal use. We have prevented further cannabis from being circulated on the streets."

If you have seen any suspicious activity in the park recently, or have any further information about this plantation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number **101** , quoting crime reference K2/17/4544.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
