```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Hatfield have found garden plants and ornaments suspected to have been stolen and they are asking the public to get in touch if they recognise them.
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2020
title: "Suspected stolen plants and ornaments found \u2013 are they yours?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspected-stolen-plants-and-ornaments-found-are-they-yours-0224b
```

* ## Officers received reports of items being stolen from Honeysuckle Garden and Badger Way around the time of Monday 4 May into Tuesday 5 May.

 * ## The items have since been found at an address and officers have been returning them to their rightful owners.

 * ## A number of found items are accounted for and members of the public should get in touch if they recognise them.

Officers in Hatfield have found garden plants and ornaments suspected to have been stolen and they are asking the public to get in touch if they recognise them.

PC Jess Gibbs, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We received a number of reports of garden plants and ornaments being stolen from front gardens in Honeysuckle Garden and Badger Way around the time of Monday 4 May into Tuesday 5 May.

"We've since found the items at an address and we have been returning them to their rightful owners. However, there's a number of other plants and ornaments that are not accounted for and so I am asking anyone who has had items stolen to get in touch if you didn't report it. We may well have found your items and we'd love to be able to return them to you.

"Please take a look at the photos and if you recognise the items as yours please call 101 or email the team."

"If you have any information about the thefts please also get in touch with us."

Report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
