```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: New Detective Inspector for Hertsmere Michael Macbeth is responsible for teams of detectives that investigate a wide range of offences including burglaries, robberies, serious violent crime as well as drug and vehicle-related crime.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2018
title: New Hertsmere Detective Inspector gives burglary prevention advice to Hertsmere residents
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-hertsmere-detective-inspector-gives-burglary-prevention-advice-to-hertsmere-residents-1944J
```

* ### The new Detective Inspector for Hertsmere is increasing high-visibility police patrols as well as covert patrols in residential areas to help reduce burglaries.

 * ### Consider installing a timer switch for your interior lights, ask a neighbour to park on your drive if you are away on holiday and ask a neighbour, friend or family member to make sure your post is pushed properly through the letter box so it looks like someone is inside, collecting their post.

 * ### Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting as part of its Accelerated Detective Constable Programme.

New Detective Inspector for Hertsmere Michael Macbeth is responsible for teams of detectives that investigate a wide range of offences including burglaries, robberies, serious violent crime as well as drug and vehicle-related crime.

DI Macbeth said: "My job is to lead and manage the crime investigations within Hertsmere with the aim of preventing and detecting crime, protecting victims of crime and catching offenders."

"Nothing gives me more pleasure than when one of my team arrests an offender and brings them before the courts. Unfortunately burglars take advantage of the darker evenings at this time of year. But the good news is that many can be prevented."

He said: "I know what it's like when you're in a rush to get to work, drop the children off at school or late for an appointment and you drive off, leaving your house all day without thinking about how it looks in the dark before you get home. This can make your home

vulnerable to an opportunist thief. As darkness begins to fall earlier in the day, especially after the clocks change, your home can look unoccupied, and more inviting for burglars, if there are no lights on."

DI Macbeth has put in place Hertsmere's new burglary strategy - Operation Guardian - which will include extra high-visibility police patrols as well as covert patrols in residential areas. There have been several arrests and the teams are pursuing offenders who come into Hertsmere to commit burglaries.

"But crucially, we also need residents to do their bit to deter crime by giving their homes a 'lived-in' look and to let us know about anyone acting suspiciously," said DI Macbeth.

DI Macbeth has spoken to dozens of offenders, including a burglar, who received a custodial sentence for burglary. One offender said: "I look for houses where it looks like no-one is in. I don't want to be seen - there's more chance of being caught. I just want to get in and out as quickly as possible. If the lights are off when it's dark in the daytime, no cars on the drive, maybe even letters hanging out of the letter box or bins being left out and curtains still drawn in the daytime, I'd give that one a go. They can stand out a mile."

DI Macbeth added: "Consider installing a timer switch for your interior lights, ask a neighbour to park on your drive if you are away on holiday and ask a neighbour, friend or family member to make sure your post is pushed properly through the letter box so it looks like someone is inside, collecting their post.

"Try to ensure parcels are not left on your doorstep by arranging for delivery when you are home, or ask a neighbour to take them in for you. Offenders don't like dogs so anything that gives them the impression that there is a dog at the address is a deterrent.

"Obviously doors should always be locked when you leave your house and make sure you close and preferably lock all the windows. Make sure your shed or garage is secure as well."

If you have any information about a burglar or are reporting a burglary retrospectively, call 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, call 999.

For further crime prevention advice, visit the 'Protect Your Home' page.

DI Macbeth took over the role from Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham two months ago, having previously worked as a Detective Sergeant on the Local Crime Unit in Hertsmere. He joined the Royal Navy after leaving school in his home town of Belfast, before returning to Northern Ireland to take up a coach-building apprenticeship. He also worked in telecommunications. He later moved to London and studied Marketing Management at the University of Middlesex, and it was during a careers fair that he spoke to police officers and knew that being a police officer was the job for him. He joined Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2006.

He said: "I always knew I wanted to work in the public service. I've always been interested in how detectives gather all the available information - it's like putting all the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle together. But policing is not just about catching the offenders, it is also about looking after victims and rehabilitating offenders by working with other agencies, including professionals who deal with drug addiction, to help stop the cycle of offending. It is a very demanding role but I have a great team of officers here in Hertsmere who want to make a positive difference and improve people's quality of life. My officers are not always visible as it is a non-uniform role, but rest assured they are out there leaving no stone unturned in their investigations."

DI Macbeth has spent most of his career in Hertsmere, including the last six years. As well as being a DS in Hertsmere, he was also an Intervention Sergeant in Hertsmere, a Sergeant in St Albans and a Detective Constable in Watford and Three Rivers.

When he is not on duty, DI Macbeth enjoys playing golf, watching football, good food and wine and travelling. He lives with his girlfriend in London.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting as part of its Accelerated Detective Constable Programme. Successful candidates will be required to complete a year of intensive training and practical experience to ensure they meet the requirements of a police constable. They will then complete the necessary training to obtain the qualification required to enable them to become a detective.

If you would like to find out more or to apply, visit

The closing date for applications is 28 October 2018.

DI Macbeth
