```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of arson in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following arson in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-arson-in-Hemel-Hempstead
```

* ### Officers are investigating an arson where a car was set alight.

 * ### It happened in Bayford Close, Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### No-one was injured during the incident.

 * ### Officers would like to hear from anyone who has seen a white BMW sport coupe with the registration ending KEL.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the incident and remains in police custody.

Officers investigating an incident of arson in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 4.10am today (Tuesday, May 5) a parked car was set alight in Bayford Close.

The fire service attended and dealt with the blaze. No-one was injured.

Detective Sergeant Simon Mullan, who is investigating, said: "We believe this was an isolated and targeted attack.

"As part of our enquiries we are working to locate a white BMW sport coupe with the registration ending KEL. I would like to appeal for anyone who has seen this vehicle to contact me as soon as possible.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who believes they may have information that could assist the on-going investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact is asked to contact Sgt Mullan by emailing simon.mullan@herts.pnn.police.uk , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 60 of 5/6/18 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A man aged in his 20s from Watford has been arrested in connection with the incident and remains in police custody at this time.
