```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have carried out warrants at five addresses in Stevenage, Letchworth and London as part of the on-going battle against County Lines gangs.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2018
title: Warrants carried out in fight against County Lines gangs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warrants-carried-out-in-fight-against-county-lines-gangs2115e
```

* ### Officers carried out morning warrants at addresses in Stevenage, Letchworth and London.

 * ### The action was part of on-going work led by Op Mantis to tackle County Lines gangs.

 * ### Seven people have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

 * ### They remain in police custody at this time.

Police have carried out warrants at six addresses in Stevenage, Letchworth and London as part of the on-going battle against County Lines gangs.

Officers from the dedicated Op Mantis team, who were supported by officers from Operation Scorpion and Safer Neighbourhood Teams entered the properties at around 6.30am today under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE).

The warrants were carried out at the following addresses:

 * High Avenue, Letchworth.
 * Wildwood Lane, Stevenage
 * Lines Road, Stevenage
 * Hawkes Lane, Stevenage
 * Dongola Road, Hackney in London
 * Cresset Road, Hackney in London

Officers arrested seven people on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. They are:

 * A 19 year old woman from East Herts.
 * An 18 year old man, a 17 year old boy and a 15 year old boy, all from Stevenage.
 * A 23 year old man, a 27 year old man and a 29 year old man, all from London.

They all remain in police custody at this time.

Detective Sergeant Jon Leak, who leads Hertfordshire Constabulary's Op Mantis team, said: "We are constantly working to tackle those who are involved in County Lines gangs and their associated drug dealing and criminality.

"These gang members do not hesitate to use violence and exploit the vulnerable, often using children to run drugs and taking over the homes of society's most vulnerable people - known as 'cuckooing' \- to use it as a base to run their drug dealing operations from.

"Although Hertfordshire does not have a major problem with County Lines, it is a growing national issue that we are determined to tackle through early disruption."

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit said: "We are doing everything we can to drive drug related crime out of Stevenage. Drug dealing and associated criminality can have a huge detrimental effect on those living nearby. We will continue to carry out warrants at properties where intelligence suggests drugs activity is suspected.

"The public can assist us by reporting any behaviour that seems to be suspicious, as soon as possible. We are constantly gathering intelligence on drug activity in the town and your information can help us take action to protect the vulnerable and disrupt and arrest those who are supplying drugs in Stevenage."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**Help and support for those with drug addiction:**

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00 or visiting www.talktofrank.com

**What is County Lines?**

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.

**What is Cuckooing?**

Cuckooing is the term used when gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of vulnerable adults by force or coercion

How to spot the signs that cuckooing might be happening in your neighbourhood:

 * Lots of different people coming and going from an address during the day and at night.
 * Suspicious smells coming from the property.
 * Windows covered or curtains closed all of the time.
 * Cars pulling up to or near to the house for a short period of time.
 * An increase in anti-social behaviour around the property.

** **
