```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 3 Sep 2019
title: Purse snatched in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/purse-snatched-in-hemel-hempstead-0710
```

* ### A purse was stolen from an elderly woman.

 * ### The victim was approached by a female suspect in an alleyway.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for information following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead.

At around 8.30pm on Friday 30 August, an elderly lady was walking through an alleyway between the NCP car park and the old Royal Bank of Scotland, towards the Marlowes, when she was approached by a female who asked if she could change a £10 note.

As the victim got her purse out, the female pushed the victim into the wall and snatched her purse from her, before running off towards Iceland.

The suspect is described as white, aged in her late teens to early 20s, of medium build, with shoulder length fair hair. She was wearing a dark jacket.Investigator

Deborah Newsham, from the Hemel Hempstead Local Crime Unit, said: "Although very shaken, thankfully the victim was not hurt during the incident. I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and may have seen a female matching the description given to please get in touch."

Anyone with information should email deborah.newsham@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/78802/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
