```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A quantity of Class A drugs, thought to be worth around \xA335,000, was seized after police executed a warrant at an address in Ware."
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2019
title: "Class A drugs worth \xA335k discovered in Ware"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/class-a-drugs-worth-35k-discovered-in-ware-2371a
```

* ### A warrant was executed at an address on Friday evening.

 * ### Drugs, cash and weapons were seized.

 * ### Three people have been charged in connection with the operation.

A quantity of Class A drugs, thought to be worth around £35,000, was seized after police executed a warrant at an address in Ware.

Officers from the Scorpion Team, Hertford and Ware Safer Neighbourhood Teams and the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit, carried out the operation at a property in Church Street on Friday evening (January 11).

Drugs, suspected to be heroin, were seized from inside the address, along with several thousand pounds worth of cash and weapons.

Detective Inspector for East Herts Alex Willcox said: "This was a significant find and we are pleased that these drugs and weapons have now been taken off our streets.

"Drugs and associated criminality can have a serious impact on local communities and we are committed to tackling this.

"If you suspect criminal activity in your neighbourhood, don't suffer in silence. Please report it so that we can gather the evidence and intelligence we need to take appropriate action. Your calls can make a real difference."

Three people were arrested in connection with the operation and have been charged with possession with intent to supply cocaine, possession with intent to supply heroin, possession of cannabis and possession of criminal property. They are

 * Renell Johnson, aged 25, of no fixed address in Broxbourne.
 * Connor Butler, aged 22, from Church Street in Ware.
 * Danny Stapleton, aged 20, of no fixed address in Broxbourne.

All three appeared before Hatfield Remand Court on Monday, January 14 where they were bailed to appear at St Albans Crown Court on February 11.
