```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in St Albans are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses following ABH in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-ABH-in-St-Albans-md2423
```

* **Police are appealing for witnesses of an assault to come forward after a man was punched**
 * **It happened on Saturday, January 5 at around 5.20pm in The Quadrant, St Albans**
 * **Any witnesses or anyone with information please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/1475/19**

Officers investigating an assault in St Albans are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 5.20pm on Saturday, January 5, a moped and a black Mercedes narrowly avoided colliding in The Quadrant, near KFC.

Both drivers pulled over, after which the Mercedes driver reportedly pushed the moped driver from his bike and punched him in the face, before returning to his car and driving away.

The victim, a man in his 30s, sustained swelling and bleeding to the lip.

The Mercedes driver is described as white, with fair 'golden' hair, of a heavy build, clean shaven and aged around 32 to 35. He was wearing a black jacket, tracksuit bottoms and sports shoes. It is believed there were two to three other people in the car.

PC Hammond said: "We believe people stopped and helped the victim, so they may have witnessed the incident.

"I am asking for any witnesses or anyone with information to email me on lee.hammond@herts.pnn.police.uk or to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/1475/19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
