```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Residents living in Hertsmere are being invited to submit their feedback via the community voice platform \u2018echo\u2019, to help the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities."
publish:
  date: 17 Mar 2021
title: Have your say on policing priorities in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-your-say-on-policing-priorities-in-Hertsmere-1322J
```

* ### Local Safer Neighbourhood Team are setting policing priorities for the next three months

 * ### Share your views about policing in Hertsmere

 * ### Use our community voice platform 'echo'

Residents living in Hertsmere are being invited to submit their feedback via the community voice platform 'echo', to help the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities.

"Due to the pandemic and social distancing measures, we've had to postpone many of our normal community priority setting events, but we are still here and listening, and we want your input," said Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Rachael Robertson.

"The SNT are responsible for dealing with short- and long-term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour, criminal damage, speeding and drug related crime. And we are committed to working with local communities and local partners, including Hertsmere Borough Council, to help tackle any issues they may be facing.

"We want to make sure that we have a very clear understanding of all of the issues which impact on and affect our local communities so please let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area - as well as helping us to shape our policing priorities for the next quarter, your feedback will also be used to help us plan future campaigns and initiatives."

**Please give your views now via the Constabulary 's feedback service echo, using bit.ly/police-hm and clearly state which area you are referring to, or use the following local links, by 24 March. **

• Borehamwood (opens in a new window)
• Bushey (opens in a new window)
• Elstree (opens in a new window)
• South Mimms (opens in a new window)
• Potters Bar (opens in a new window)
• Radlett (opens in a new window)
• Shenley (opens in a new window)

**The echo service should not be used to report crime, this can be done in the following ways:**
• Report information online (opens in a new window), speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat (opens in a new window) or call the non-emergency number 101.
• Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
• If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
