```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Stevenage have been granted authorisation to stop and search members of the public suspected to be carrying knives from 12.01am and 7am today (Friday 8 November) under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.
publish:
  date: 8 Nov 2019
title: Section 60 in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/section-60-in-stevenage-0991
```

Officers in Stevenage have been granted authorisation to stop and search members of the public suspected to be carrying knives from 12.01am and 7am today (Friday 8 November) under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.

The area that the Section 60 applies to are defined by the following roads:

 * Gunnels Wood Road
 * Hitchin Road
 * Corey Mills Lane
 * North Road
 * Martins Way
 * Verity Way
 * Fairlands Way
 * Gresley Way
 * Broadhall way

A Section 60 temporarily gives additional powers to police officers, which allow them to stop and search anyone in a particular area for a set period of time, without requiring reasonable grounds to do so.

This legislation is different to the stop and search powers they already have, which can be used at any time and - when used - do require reasonable grounds.

Under the Home Office's best use of stop and search scheme Hertfordshire Constabulary will, where practicable, publicise Section 60s to the public.

Chief Inspector Pete Frost said: "These measures are in response to reports of a teenage boy and a man sustaining stab wounds in Holly Copse, Stevenage earlier this evening.

"We were called at 8.56pm on Thursday 7 November alongside the ambulance service and the victims have been taken to hospital, both with serious injuries.

"We are at the scene carrying out enquiries and searching for the offenders, who are believed to be three males. As a precaution, armed officers are also present. Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 714 of November 7.

"I would like to reassure the community that those involved are believed to be known to one another.

"There are serious consequences if you choose to carry a knife. Not only will you face a possible custodial sentence and criminal record, which could affect your job prospects in later life, but you could cause yourself or another person serious injury or worse.

"While some people feel pressured to carry a knife, perhaps as protection or because their friends say it will earn them respect or make others fear them, the truth is that it simply puts you in more danger."

_Find out more about section 60s on our website here:https://www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Transparency/Stop-and-search/Section-60-stop-and-searches _
