```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are urging people to remain vigilant following two burglary reports and one attempted burglary report in North Herts in the past two weeks.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2017
title: Advice to residents following two burglaries and one attempted burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-to-residents-following-two-burglaries-and-one-attempted-burglary
```

* ### Officers urge people to remain vigilant following two burglary reports.

 * ### Also one attempted burglary report.

 * ### Incidents occurred in North Herts.

Officers are urging people to remain vigilant following two burglary reports and one attempted burglary report in North Herts in the past two weeks.

#### G1/17/2904

The first incident happened in Stevenage Road, Little Wymondley, Hitchin, between 9am and 7pm on Thursday, September 21.

Between these times, offender(s) attempted to gain access to the property via several doors and windows but were unsuccessful.

#### G1/17/2905

The second incident happened in The Chilterns, Hitchin, between 10.30am and 5.30pm on Thursday, September 21.

Between these times, offender(s) gained entry to the rear garden of the property via a side gate before smashing the rear patio door. Once inside they have taken jewellery and a set of car keys, before taking a grey Mercedes E-Class from the driveway.

#### G2/17/2190

The third incident happened in Quinn Way, Letchworth Garden City, between 3.20pm and 3.50pm on Thursday, September 21.

Between the times, offenders gained entry to the property via a side gate before smashing a rear patio door. They searched the upstairs bedrooms before taking a quantity of cash and Asian gold.

Inspector Richard Lilley, from the North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We understand that many people do keep their valuable jewellery in safety deposit boxes, only bringing it out to wear on special occasions. If you own a significant amount of high-value jewellery, please ensure all appropriate steps have been taken to secure and insure your property.

"Burglars often target homes that are empty during the day, particularly if they are not very well secured. Taking basic steps to secure your home can be enough to deter many criminals. We are issuing the following crime prevention advice to homeowners."

 * Make sure you double-lock any UPVC doors by lifting the handle and locking it (to engage the security features) at all times.
 * Check all doors are locked and all windows, including those upstairs, are secure before you go out.
 * Make your home look lived in by using timer switches preferably in well used rooms (lounge, bedroom, kitchen etc.) to front of property.
 * Consider installing alarms and 'dusk to dawn' security lighting.
 * Secure your rear garden - lock your shed, shut and lock any gates and keep fences maintained. Don't leave ladders and tools outside - they could be used by a burglar.
 * Consider installing a CCTV camera outside your property (guidance on the law is available from the Information Commissioners Office).
 * Check with your insurance companies that all your jewellery/valuables are covered, they often require evidence either through receipts or photographs.
 * At home, or if wearing valuables items out in public be discreet and keep them out of sight if possible.
 * Make sure safes are of a good quality and comply with official insurance rating standards. They should be secured to a wall or floor.
 * Post code marking your valuables with a UV pen and registering them on a free property database like www.immobilise.com can work as a deterrent to thieves and can increase the chances of your property being recovered if it is stolen.

If you have any information that could assist the investigation into any of these crimes, or you have been offered Asian gold jewellery for sale, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number **101** , quoting the relevant crime reference above.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
