```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Borehamwood are asking members of the public who are offered wine for sale on the street to contact them.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Have you been offered cheap wine for sale in Borehamwood?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-been-offered-cheap-wine-for-sale-in-borehamwood-0941j
```

* ## Contact police if you have been offered cheap wine for sale in the street in Borehamwood.

 * ## Officers believe wine is being stolen from shops and sold on at a cheap price.

 * ## Dial 101 to report information.

Police in Borehamwood are asking members of the public who are offered wine for sale on the street to contact them.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Matt Cann said: "We believe that wine is being shoplifted from shops in town and then being offered to people on the street at a lower price. We are keen to tackle shoplifting and prevent those from seeking to make money to fund other illegal activity, such as drug taking.

"If you are approached in this way I would urge you to report it to police with details or descriptions of those offering the wine for sale."

To report, please contact police via the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress dial 999.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Herts echo and tell us your thoughts.
