```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary came together with all UK police forces this week for a national summit on promoting gender equality.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary attends national gender equality summit
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-attends-national-gender-equality-summit-1067
```

* ### All police forces across the UK were represented at the inaugural event.

 * ### All forces have made commitments to improve gender imbalances as part of the HeForShe initiative.

 * ### The event allowed forces to share best practice around how to support female colleagues and members of the public.

Hertfordshire Constabulary came together with all UK police forces this week for a national summit, supported by UN Women, on promoting gender equality.

The inaugural UK Policing Gender Equality Summit on Wednesday (20 November) was hosted by Sussex Police, which was the first police force globally to become a thematic champion for the United Nations' gender equality initiative, HeForShe.

HeForShe seeks to engage men and people of all genders to join women to work together to achieve true gender equality.

All UK forces recognise the role of the police service in addressing domestic abuse and sexual violence and the link between this type of crime and gender inequality within our communities.

The UK's police forces have all made HeForShe commitments to improve gender imbalances at senior levels within policing, and to continue to work to combat domestic abuse and sexual abuse in society.

Temporary Chief Superintendent Geoff Camp, the Constabulary's Strategic Lead for Gender, and Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson joined fellow senior officers and other representatives at the summit to launch the 'Gender Equality in UK Policing: First Annual Report' and share the achievements they have made so far in meeting their HeForShe commitments.

At the event, attendees worked to:

• Explore the links between gender inequality and serious crime and violence - tackling gender inequality is a real policing issue.

• Address gender equality in the workplace, and share approaches to improving the representation of women at senior levels in policing- women make up 26% of senior leaders in UK forces though, at 31%, Hertfordshire has a slightly higher representation which quite closely matches the proportion of female officers overall (32%).

• Present best practice - forces shared interesting examples of how they are working to fulfil their HeForShe commitments and the progress they have made.

Temporary Chief Supt Camp said: "The event was truly inspiring. We heard about innovative gender equality work being done up and down the country, both in terms of our core role, safeguarding the public, and in supporting our female police staff and volunteers. We're now assessing how we can use the examples from other forces to do even more."

HeForShe is supported by more than two million people, including world leaders, heads of state and global CEOs and celebrities. You can find out more here.
