```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are reminding motorists to ensure they leave their vehicles secure following a series of thefts in the Abbots Langley and Leavesden areas.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2017
title: Motorists are being reminded to secure their vehicles after spate of thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motorists-being-reminded-secure-their-vehicles-after-spate-thefts
```

* ### Officers reminding otorists to secure their vehicles.

 * ### Advice comes after a series of thefts in the Abbots Langley and Leavesden areas.

 * ### From April to October this year there have been 64 thefts from motor vehicles in the area.

Motorists are being reminded to secure their vehicles after spate of thefts

Officers are reminding motorists to ensure they leave their vehicles secure following a series of thefts in the Abbots Langley and Leavesden areas.

From April to October this year there have been 64 thefts from motor vehicles in the area compared to 28 during the same period last year \- an increase of more than 120 per cent.

Sergeant Chris Simmons from the Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "Failing to lock your vehicle and leaving valuables inside make you an easy target for thieves and may mean that your insurance is void.

"This video clearly shows how easily a thief can check if you've accidentally left your vehicle insecure and within seconds you could become the victim of a crime, which may result in you losing valuables and facing the inconvenience of reporting the crime to police and your insurance company.

"There has been a significant rise in thefts from motor vehicles in recent months where parked vehicles have been left unlocked. When leaving your car or van please remove any valuables and double check that it is properly locked."

He added: "As part of continuing enquiries to identify those responsible for these crimes, we would like to speak to the people in this CCTV footage as they may have key information that could help us. If you can help us to identify them please contact me via the non-emergency number **101**.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously contact the crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on **0800 555 111** or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice to motorists:**

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.
