```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Extra high-visibility and covert police patrols from the county will be across the St Albans and Hertsmere districts after more burglaries where Asian gold and jewellery has been targeted over the last few days.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2018
title: Asian gold and jewellery still on St Albans and Hertsmere burglars hot list
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/asian-gold-and-jewellery-still-on-stalbans-and-hertsmere-burglars-hot-list-2265fj
```

* ### Extra high-visibility and covert police patrols from the county will be across the St Albans and Hertsmere districts after more burglaries where Asian gold and jewellery have been targeted.

 * ### Police are keen to trace three men, possibly Irish or Eastern European, wearing baseball caps or beanie hats possibly travelling in a dark coloured BMW or Passat.

 * ### Think about leaving lights on and using timer switches and consider leaving a radio on to make your house seem occupied and always report any suspicious incidents to police on 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, always call 999.

Extra high-visibility and covert police patrols from the county will be across the St Albans and Hertsmere districts after more burglaries where Asian gold and jewellery has been targeted over the last few days.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick said: "We have received additional operational support from other teams in the county to help catch the burglars and we have had some success from residents who have captured people acting suspiciously on their video door bells and CCTV systems with burglar alarms disturbing opportunist offenders."

She said: "We are keen to trace three men, possibly Irish or Eastern European, wearing baseball caps or beanie hats possibly travelling in a dark coloured BMW or Passat. Please continue to call us on 999 if you suspect a crime is in progress - or 101 if you are reporting something retrospectively. The offences have become more daring with the threat of violence but fortunately no-one has been injured."

_Three men carrying pointed implements demanded gold from the occupant of a house in Birchwood Way in Park Street at 6.50pm on Friday December 14. They stole a mobile phone and searched unsuccessfully for jewellery. (crime reference 41/66645/18)_

_Three men carrying screwdrivers forced a door in Beech Avenue in Radlett at 9pm on Monday December 17 and demanded money from the house owners. They stole cash, an android tablet, mobile phone, jewellery, credit cards and a black VW Polo. (crime reference 41/66925/18)_

_Three men with screwdrivers forced an address in St Leonards Crescent in Sandridge between 7.40pm and 7.50pm. They demanded jewellery from the house owner and stole earrings. (Crime reference ISR 41/66935/18)._

DI Warwick said: "My team and I take these burglaries personally. We will not rest until we have caught these unscrupulous thieves. We do not believe that these burglars seek to confront homeowners but they are brazen enough to do so when they find them unexpectedly at home. We, in line with the rest of the country, tend to see an increase in burglaries when the clocks go back in October but that didn't happen this year. However, December has been very unusual with 44 burglaries this month with at least half of these targeting Asian households, we think for gold. With the Asian wedding season in full swing, we are reminding residents to keep their expensive and sentimental jewellery securely in banks or hide it in an unusual place, not in a jewellery box or upstairs."

She said: "The majority of burglaries have occurred during the daytime, in particular as it is getting dark. Think about leaving lights on and using timer switches and consider leaving a radio on to make your house seem occupied."

She said: "We continue to arrest and interview suspects and are thoroughly investigating all burglaries. **Always** **report any suspicious incidents to police on 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, always call 999.** We would rather turn up to a call with good intention than risk a burglar escaping. Please call us if you have witnessed anything that may help us solve these recent crimes."
