```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Standon last night (Wednesday 7 August).
publish:
  date: 8 Aug 2019
title: Appeal following fatal collision in Standon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-standon-0610
```

* ### The incident occurred on the A120 Stortford Road.

 * ### A motorcyclist was in collision with a road sign.

 * ### He sadly passed away as a result of his injuries.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Standon last night (Wednesday 7 August).

At 9.55pm police and the ambulance service were called to the A120 (Stortford Road) following reports that a motorcyclist, who was travelling on the eastbound carriageway, had been in a collision with a road sign.

The rider - a man in his 30s - sustained serious injuries, which sadly proved fatal.

The road was closed between the A10 and Little Hadham whilst the incident was investigated and reopened at around 8.30am today.

Detective Constable Helen Giles from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of the rider and specially trained officers are continuing to support them at this incredibly difficult time.

"We are working to understand what happened and as part of this we would like to hear from anyone who saw the collision, or the bike, which is a black Suzuki GSXR 600, prior to the incident.

"Additionally, if you were in the area at the time of the collision and have a dash cam fitted please review it and contact us if you have any relevant footage."

Anyone with information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 883 of 7 August. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/Contact
