```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Broxbourne\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood teams have been running an operation to tackle anti-social driving in the car parks of the Brookfield Centre in Cheshunt."
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2018
title: Brookfield Anti-social drivers tackled
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Brookfield-anti-social-drivers-tackled-1598
```

Seized car

 * ### Crackdown on anti-social driving in Cheshunt

 * ### One car seized and five summons issued to drivers

 * ### Drivers warned about noise, racing and anti-social driving

Officers from Broxbourne's Safer Neighbourhood teams have been running an operation to tackle anti-social driving in the car parks of the Brookfield Centre in Cheshunt.

Officers have been working with partners, including the local council and the site owners, following complaints from residents about noise and anti-social driving late at night in the car parks. This included loud music, vehicles wheel spinning and cars racing and executing hand brake turns.

A plan was put in place to make car parking areas more secure at night, with more enforcement by Broxbourne Council staff and a Public Spaces Protection Order prohibiting this kind of behaviour, which enables police to take enforcement action if the order is breached.

Since the plan was put in place last month, officers have already seized one car, and have issued summons to five drivers. A further four drivers are in the process of being dealt with by Broxbourne Council for other anti-social behaviour in the area.

Cheshunt Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant, Stephen Lee, said: "We have been working on this problem for some time now and have taken action against drivers who break the law and impact on the quality of life of those who live nearby. The problem solving will continue, we hope people learn from this and understand the responsibilities that accompany being a motorist.

Sergeant Lee added: "We have listened to local people and we will continue to monitor this area to ensure that this type of behaviour does not continue."
