```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CIf you are cold called by a man asking if you would like work done on your driveway, when the next bus is or if a certain person is home, be suspicious,\u201D warns Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick following a number of burglaries in Marshalswick, Park Street, London Colney and Chiswell Green over the past few days."
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Be suspicious of cold callers in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/be-suspicious-of-cold-callers-in-stalbans-1996F
```

"If you are cold called by a man asking if you would like work done on your driveway, when the next bus is or if a certain person is home, be suspicious," warns Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick following a number of burglaries in Marshalswick, Park Street, London Colney and Chiswell Green over the past few days.

In most burglaries, offender(s) have stolen jewellery, cash, Asian gold and cars.

She said: "We have increased both high-visibility and covert police patrols and are acting on information from residents. Please look out for your neighbours, report anything suspicious to us, write down and report number plates of any suspicious vehicles you see and let us know if you have been approached by spurious or odd cold callers - this is important as a lot of the addresses had suspicious callers days before being burgled.

She added: "Sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link **owl.co.uk** to receive emails directly from police about local crimes. Please also call police if you have been a victim of crime or have some information about a crime, rather than posting it on social media. We sometimes get criticised for not responding to incidents when we have not been made aware of them."

Hertfordshire Constabulary advises:

 1. Use a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 2. Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.
 3. Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 4. Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.
 5. Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.
 6. Join Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: **www.owl.co.uk**
 7. Visit **www.owlprotect.uk** for discounts on security products.

If you have any information about a burglar or are reporting a burglary retrospectively, call 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, call 999.

For further crime prevention advice, visit the 'Protect Your Home' page.
