```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Fifteen homes have been targeted by burglars stealing jewellery and electrical items in Potters Bar this month.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: Keep your jewellery safe and your home secure in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Keep-your-jewellery-safe-and-your-home-secure-in-Potters-Bar-1143J
```

* ### **Increased police patrols in Potters Bar following burglaries**

 * ### **15 burglaries or attempted burglaries last month**

 * ### **Steps can be taken to protect your home, including closing and locking windows and doors**

Fifteen homes have been targeted by burglars stealing jewellery and electrical items in Potters Bar this month.

In response, the Constabulary has increased high-visibility and covert police patrols and received extra support from other specialist police units to address this rise.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham, head of the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "We have robust plans in place in catch burglars. We believe this burglary series is being committed by people from outside of Potters Bar.

"If you see anyone acting suspiciously or vehicles out of place, please let us know. We'd rather be called to a false alarm than miss an opportunity to catch a burglar in the act."

In the last month, there were 15 burglaries or attempted burglaries across Potters Bar. This compares to nine this time last year. The majority of offences have occurred in the late afternoon into the evening, as it gets dark.

DI Walsingham said: "Some of these burglaries could have been prevented by residents using a door bell camera, internal camera or monitored burglar alarm or installing 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and timer switches. These security devices can be bought at many DIY stores - look for products that have the _Secured by Design_ standards.

"Of course you must also make sure you close all windows and doors and double lock PVCu doors. We know that burglars want to be in and out as quickly as possible without being seen and will not take risks with homes that look occupied if they can see a more inviting home nearby."

He added: "Please make sure your jewellery is well hidden and laptops, phones and other easily portable electrical items are password protected and kept out of sight. If you haven't already signed up to Neighbourhood Watch, where you can receive emails about crimes happening in your area, simply log on to www.owl.uk or speak to your local PCSO.

A new crime prevention leaflet on 'top devices to keep your home secure' and new 'top tips to keep your home safe' is available - if you would like a copy, email SNTPottersBarandShenley@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers on patrol in Potters Bar
