```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With the continued hot weather, police are asking members of the public to make sure they properly secure their windows and doors and ask a neighbour or friend to keep an eye on their property when on holiday following an increased number of burglaries across St Albans.
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2018
title: Secure your home following burglaries in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/secure-your-home-following-burglaries-in-stalbans-0466F
```

* ### There have been 10 burglaries in St Albans from June 25 to July 3 mainly covering the Camp area and the City Centre.

 * ### Police want to track down a silver Audi seen in the vicinity of where some of the offences occurred.

 * ### There have also been a number of keyless thefts of Range Rovers in St Albans and other surrounding areas.

With the continued hot weather, police are asking members of the public to make sure they properly secure their windows and doors and ask a neighbour or friend to keep an eye on their property when on holiday following an increased number of burglaries across St Albans.

There have been 10 burglaries in St Albans from June 25 to July 3 mainly covering the Camp area and the City Centre.

"Unfortunately St Albans remains a target for burglars," said Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick. "In some cases, offenders have forced entry into premises, and some have been left insecure due to the heat. Historically we have seen an increase in burglaries across Hertfordshire in the summer months especially during the holiday season when people are away."

She said: "I am linking at least five burglaries committed over last weekend to the same team of offenders and I am especially keen to track down a silver Audi seen in the vicinity of where the offences occurred. Offenders with the vehicle have been described as white men, aged in their late teens/early 20s and wearing baseball caps. They spoke with strong Irish accents."

There have also been a number of keyless thefts of Range Rovers in St Albans and other surrounding areas, so if you see anyone acting suspiciously around these types of vehicles, please let us know. Please call us on 999 if you suspect a burglary or theft is in progress. If reporting retrospectively, please call police on 101."

She added: "Ideally, where practical, keep windows and doors shut and locked when you are out, especially when you go on holiday, and at night. Don't leave your car keys by your front door - burglars will look to see if they can break into your home quickly and take your car keys and may be able to activate keyless fobs from outside your property if within a close enough range. I'd also urge residents to keep their jewellery hidden away and make sure you take photographs of any distinctive items. Please also make sure you **securely lock all windows and doors, including double locking PVCu doors and** invest in timer lights to give your home the lived-in look. You can also purchase smart web cam CCTV technology for inside your home or on your doorbells and give your home the lived-in look. Watch out for your neighbours' properties."

_A purse and wallet were stolen from an address in Cunningham Hill Road between 3pm on June 25 and 8pm on June 26. A door had been left insecure._

_At least three men burgled an address in Worley Road on June 30. CCTV alerts were received on the owner 's mobile. _

_A silver Audi was seen in Ramsbury Road between 9.45pm and 9.50pm on June 30 around the time that a man wearing a black cap was acting suspiciously and knocked on the door of a property which was burgled. A neighbour disturbed the offenders and nothing was stolen._
