```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Watford.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2018
title: Firearm allegedly discharged in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/firearm-allegedly-discharged-in-watford-2235c
```

* ### A handgun was allegedly discharged in a service road near The Parade, Watford.

 * ### The incident in the early hours of December 8 followed a verbal altercation between two groups.

 * ### No-one was hurt.

 * ### A 26 year old man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Watford.

Police were called shortly after 3.20am on Saturday, December 8 to report that a handgun had allegedly been discharged in a service road near The Parade, off Beechen Grove.

The incident followed a verbal altercation between two groups of people who are not thought to be known to each other.

No one was injured during the incident.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We have been carrying out significant enquiries since the incident to trace those involved and establish the circumstances around what happened.

"As part of this, we are appealing for anyone with information about what happened to please come forward. Did you witness events leading up to the incident, or the incident itself? Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact the Watford Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/63722/18. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 26-year-old man from Stanmore in Middlesex has been arrested in connection with the investigation and has been released on bail pending further enquiries. ** **
