```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A banned driver who fled the scene of a collision which subsequently killed a cyclist was jailed for six years, today (Monday 13 January).
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: Fail to stop disqualified driver jailed for causing death by dangerous driving
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fail-to-stop-disqualified-driver-jailed-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving-1176
```

* ### Banned driver jailed for six years for causing death by dangerous driving

 * ### Investigating officer commends cyclist's family and condemns driver

 * ### Sgt appeals to public to report motorists without licence or insurance

A banned driver who fled the scene of a collision which subsequently killed a cyclist was jailed for six years, today (Monday 13 January).

Liam Dellaway, aged 25, of Wainhouse Close, Edenbridge, Kent, was given the sentence and disqualified from driving for six years at St Albans Crown Court, after admitting causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop and failing to report it.

Dellaway was driving the VW Golf which collided with cyclist Jim Parsons, 68, from Letchworth Garden City, on Arlesey Road in Ickleford on Thursday 19 September, and then fled the scene.

Mr Parsons sadly died in hospital from his injuries the following day, Friday 20 September.

Police investigations resulted in Dellaway being traced and arrested more than a fortnight later. He also pleaded guilty to driving whilst disqualified, dangerous driving, driving without insurance, perverting the course of justice and two counts of making off without paying for fuel after he fled the scene on 19 September - from services at Newport Pagnell and South Mimms.

Investigating officer, Sgt James Thorne said: "Firstly, I would like to commend Mr Parsons' family for the manner in which they have conducted themselves, particularly during the early stages of the investigation where they were not able to publicise Mr Parsons' death due to the tactics employed.

"Sadly, this loss of life was wholly preventable, and it's due to Dellaway's actions that the family had to go through Christmas without Mr Parsons. Dellaway shouldn't even have been driving, having been previously disqualified, and his actions were utterly deplorable. I welcome the sentence passed today and this should resonate with those people who feel it acceptable to drive in a dangerous manner.

"I would urge the public to help us to make the roads a safer place. If you know someone who is driving without a licence, without insurance, or who drives in a dangerous manner please contact the police."
