```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) attended a Holocaust memorial service on Monday (January 28) to pay their respects to those who were killed during the genocide.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Welwyn Hatfield officers pay respects to Holocaust victims
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-officers-pay-respects-to-holocaust-victims-2467b
```

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) attended a Holocaust memorial service on Monday (January 28) to pay their respects to those who were killed during the genocide.

The service was organised as part of Holocaust Memorial Day which takes place on January 27 every year in memory of the six million Jews who were murdered.

Monday's service took place at The Campus roundabout and as well as a two minute silence, it included readings and the releasing of doves to symbolise peace.

PC Matthew Ruppersburg, from the Welwyn Hatfield North SNT, attended the service. He said: "It was important for us to attend the service not only to remember those who were killed, but to support the Jewish community here in Welwyn Hatfield.

"We must never forget what happened during the Holocaust and other genocides since. No one should ever be persecuted because of their religion and religious hate crimes, including anti-Semitism, have no place both here in Welwyn Hatfield and across the wider county."

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity. For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/hertsagainsthate.
