```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary on the outskirts of Tring are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following burglary near Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-near-tring-1089
```

* ### A property in Long Marston was broken into

 * ### The offenders stole cash and sentimental pieces of jewellery

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information

Officers investigating a burglary on the outskirts of Tring are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident happened on Station Road, Long Marston, between 4pm on Friday 8 November and 1pm on Saturday 9 November.

Offender(s) accessed the property by smashing the patio doors, before conducting an untidy search. Several items were found to be missing, including an amount of cash, and several pieces of jewellery (pictured).

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, who is investigating, said: "Some of this jewellery is quite distinctive, especially the emerald earrings and matching necklace. We're hoping that someone may recognise them, or have information which could assist our enquiries.

"These items were of great sentimental value to the victim, such as the earrings she wore on her wedding day, her grandmother's wedding ring and her great grandmother's engagement ring. If you have any information, no matter how minor you think it is, please contact us."

Anyone with information can contact DC Spiers directly via email at Peter.Spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/101437/19**. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
