```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary has given its support to a nationwide initiative which helps support young women experiencing \u2018period poverty\u2019."
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2018
title: Watford police station supports Red Box Project
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watford-police-station-supports-red-box-project1754c
```

* ### The project provides free sanitary products to local schools.

 * ### A collection point has been set up in the front office at Watford police station.

 * ### A number of items can be donated.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has given its support to a nationwide initiative which helps support young women experiencing 'period poverty'.

The Red Box Project seeks to provide free sanitary products to local schools to ensure that no young woman misses out on education during a period, because they cannot afford to buy products themselves.

As part of the constabulary's commitment to the project, a collection point has been set up in the front office at Watford police station, for people to donate products and underwear.

PCSO Sandra Smith, who is coordinating the project locally, said: "The number of young girls who say they have missed school because they couldn't afford sanitary products is startling. But, for the price of a cup of coffee, you can help make a real difference to a young woman's life by donating to the Red Box Project."

The following items can be donated:

 * Sanitary towels in all absorbencies
 * Tampons (Regular or Lite)
 * Feminine wipes/travel sized baby wipes
 * Knickers in a variety of sizes
 * Black tights in a variety of sizes
 * Pouches for discretion (small make up bag size is ideal)

The Red Box Project was initiated in March 2017 by three friends who wanted to give young women in their local area access to sanitary products. After reading about 'period poverty' in the news, they were angered at the idea that young women were missing out on their education because they couldn't afford the products they needed during their period.

For more information visit http://redboxproject.org/

Watford's Red Box Project coordinators
