```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Wigginton.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Wigginton
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Wigginton-0137D
```

* ### At around 1.15pm on Monday, April 23, three offenders gained access to a property in Hemp Lane before being disturbed by the victims returning home.

 * ### The offenders then ran off onto Hemp Lane and got into a grey Audi saloon vehicle before driving in the direction of Chesham Road.

 * ### Anyone who has information that can help the investigation, should contact DC Chris Phillips on 101 or chris.phillips@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference D3/18/33.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Wigginton.

At around 1.15pm on Monday, April 23, three offenders gained access to a property in Hemp Lane before being disturbed by the victims returning home.

The offenders then ran off onto Hemp Lane and got into a grey Audi saloon vehicle before driving in the direction of Chesham Road.

The following items were taken:

 * A blue Vostok watch
 * A silver Maurice Lacroix watch (bracelet style with a silver face)
 * A Brera Orologi chain link silver watch
 * A Raymond Weil silver bracelet watch

The three offenders are all described as white males, of a skinny build, and wearing baseball caps.

DC Chris Phillips, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw suspicious activity in the area at the time, or has any other information about the burglary, to get in touch with me. If you believe you saw the grey Audi, I would also like to hear from you.

"Anyone who can help should contact me by email or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D3/18/333. You can also report information online."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
