```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have issued a CCTV photo of a woman they would like to speak to following a purse theft in the town."
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following a purse theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-purse-theft-in-bishopsstortford-2068A
```

* ### Between 1pm and 2.16pm on Friday, October 5, a 58 year old woman had her purse stolen while shopping in Waitrose in Northgate End.

 * ### The woman pictured may have vital information that could help officers.

 * ### If you recognise her or have information about the theft call 101 quoting crime reference 41/43293/18.

Officers in Bishop's Stortford have issued a CCTV photo of a woman they would like to speak to following a purse theft in the town.

Between 1pm and 2.16pm on Friday, October 5, a 58 year old woman had her purse stolen while shopping in Waitrose in Northgate End.

Officers would like to hear from the woman pictured as it is believed she may have been in the area at the time and could have vital information.

PCSO Adam Pemberton from the Bishop's Stortford & Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "Extensive enquiries have been carried out and we are now asking for the public's help in identifying the person in this CCTV photo.

"If you recognise her, or have other information about the theft, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 quoting the relevant crime reference 41/43293/18. You can also report information online.

"As we lead into the Christmas period with the shops becoming busier, I would like to remind shoppers to be vigilant in all stores and be aware of what is going on around you. Remember to always keep your bag in sight. It can be a good idea to wear your bag diagonally across yourself so that you have it close to you at all times."

You can also contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
