```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of racially aggravated assault in Great Amwell are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2017
title: "Appeal following racially aggravated assault \u2013 Great Amwell"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-racially-aggravated-assault\u2013GreatAmwell-1120A"
```

* ### A man was assaulted at a bus stop in Amwell Hill, Great Amwell.

 * ### The offender got out of a red 4x4 and made racist comments to the victim.

 * ### Officers believe a number of motorists witnessed the assault.

Officers investigating an incident of racially aggravated assault in Great Amwell are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 5.45pm on Monday, October 16, the victim was waiting at a bus stop in Amwell Hill when a man pulled up in a red 4x4 and got out of his vehicle. He approached the victim - a man aged in his 30s - punched him several times and made racist comments. The victim suffered a chipped front tooth and cut lip.

The offender is described as a white man, of medium build, between 6ft and 6ft 3in tall and was wearing a fluorescent jacket.

PC Daniel O'Connell, who is investigating, said: "I believe that a number of motorists witnessed this assault as traffic was queuing at the roundabout at the time.

"I'm appealing for anyone who saw the incident and has not yet spoken to police to get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/17/3477 or report information online.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously call the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form.
