```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two drug dealers with links to County Lines gangs have been jailed for more than 8 years.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2020
title: Two County Line dealers jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-county-line-dealers-jailed-0605
```

* ### Two men sentenced to more than 8 years in prison

 * ### Both men jailed for conspiracy to supply cocaine

 * ### They appeared at St Albans Crown Court on 10 September

Two drug dealers with links to County Lines gangs have been jailed for more than 8 years.

The two men were arrested during a raid in April 2020 at an address in Dunstable, following an investigation by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis team into the supply of drugs in Hertford, as well as in Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire.

Shane Filmer, 23, and Reece Campbell, 23, both of Langdale Road, Dunstable, were sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 10 September.

Campbell was sentenced to 5 years in prison for conspiracy to supply cocaine and diamorphine and Filmer was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months, also for conspiracy to supply cocaine and diamorphine.

Detective Constable David Purvis, from the Serious Crime Investigation Unit, said: "Drugs can have a hugely negative impact on our communities and we are dedicated to disrupting this type of criminality in Hertfordshire. Filmer and Campbell were part of a dedicated network dealing class A drugs across three counties. I am pleased they are now off the streets and I want their custodial sentences to serve as a warning to others who choose to deal in county lines. We will not tolerate this in Hertfordshire."

You can report information about a crime online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact. You also call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

**_Shane Filmer_**

**_Reece Campbell_**
