```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have been stepping up their proactive patrols of the Cassiobury Park area following an increase in reports relating to drug use, drug dealing and associated anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: "Police presence stepped up in response to ASB and drug crime \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-presence-stepped-up-in-response-to-ASB-and-drug-crime-watford-0249
```

* ### Proactive patrols stepped up in Watford's Cassiobury Park after a spike in reports of drug use, drug dealing and ASB

 * ### Officers have been conducting searches and issuing notices to those who are engaging in this behaviour

 * ### Police urge public to keep informing them of incidents so they can build an accurate intelligence picture and take stronger action

Police have been stepping up their proactive patrols of the Cassiobury Park area following an increase in reports relating to drug use, drug dealing and associated anti-social behaviour.

On the evening of Wednesday 17 June, officers were called to reports of drug dealing and anti-social behaviour in Gade car park.

They immediately attended and detained several vehicles before searching them and their occupants. A small quantity of drugs and drug paraphernalia were recovered and a number of people were given Section 59 warnings, meaning if they are caught using their vehicles in an anti-social manner again they will be seized by police.

Later the same evening, officers dispersed a large gathering of young people in the car park off Gade Avenue.

Inspector Pete Edwards, who leads the Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I am fully aware of the issues in Cassiobury Park, and the nearby Gade car park, and I have increased both overt and covert patrols in these locations as part of our response.

"I fully understand residents' frustrations and why they may perceive that no action is being taken, however a huge amount of intelligence has been recorded which is vital in helping us take even more robust and appropriate action.

"We are also working closely with the park rangers and our other partners at Watford Borough Council to put a longer-term solution in place, so we will share news of this when we are able.

"In the meantime, we will continue to patrol the park and use our powers to detain, stop, search and disperse - and where necessary, arrest - anyone who is using these areas to gather, commit crime and cause problems for those living nearby.

"I cannot stress enough how important it is for residents to keep calling and reporting incidents to us. This will give us an accurate picture of the hotspot locations we need to include in our patrol plans so we can catch these people in the act."

Elected Mayor of Watford Peter Taylor said: "Abuse of our parks is never acceptable and there is no excuse for it. We are working close with the police to come up with a solution to tackle this as soon as possible and police are also regularly patrolling the area.

"It is disappointing that these actions are necessary but I am grateful to the vast majority of people who visit our parks and behave responsibly."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
