```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A third person has been arrested and police bailed in connection with the murder of a man in Hoddesdon.
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2018
title: Third person arrested in connection with Hoddesdon murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/third-person-arrested-in-connection-with-hoddesdon-murder-2213k
```

* ### Third man arrested in connection with the murder in Ogard Road on December 4.

 * ### The 27 year old from Broxbourne was arrested on December 8 on suspicion of murder.

 * ### Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call 101 quoting crime reference 41/62710/18.

A third person has been arrested and police bailed in connection with the murder of a man in Hoddesdon.

The 27 year old from Broxbourne was arrested on Saturday (December 8) on suspicion of murder. He has been bailed by officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit while enquiries continue.

Officers were called to Ogard Road in Hoddesdon at 9.25pm on Tuesday, December 4 after it was reported that a man - aged in his 20s - had sustained a gunshot wound to his face. He sadly later died in hospital.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent from the BCH Major Crime Unit said: "We are continuing to appeal for information and witnesses and would still like to hear from anyone who was in the local area around the time of the incident. Please get in touch even if you do not believe you witnessed anything of significance as it is important that we illuminate you from our enquiries.

"I would like to speak to anyone who was in the following areas between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday, December 4: Ogard Road, Castle Road, Old Highway, Old Highway Recreation Ground, Lee Road and St Cuthberts Road."

Anyone who was in the area or believes they may have information can contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/62710/18, or send information to the investigating team online

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
