```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following serious road traffic collision in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-road-traffic-collision-in-borehamwood-2096md
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Borehamwood.

Police were called at 10.12am today (November 15) to reports of a collision involving a lorry and a pick-up truck on the A1M Barnet Bypass northbound just before the M25 junction.

Sadly the driver of the pick-up truck was pronounced dead at the scene. His family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers.

The fire service and ambulance service also attended.

Both sides of the A1M were temporarily closed to allow the air ambulance to land. The northbound carriageway from Stirling Corner remains closed at this time.

Sergeant Samuel Cordingley from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "We are working to establish the exact circumstances surrounding this collision and I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident and has not yet spoken to police.

"If you have a dash cam fitted in your vehicle and believe you may have footage that could assist our investigation please also contact me as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sgt Cordingley by emailing samuel.cordingley@herts.pnn.police.uk , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 229 of November 15 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
