```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Hertford on Tuesday afternoon (15 December).
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2020
title: Did you witness collision involving pedestrian in Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-collision-involving-pedestrian-in-Hertford-1001
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Hertford on Tuesday afternoon (15 December).

At around 1.40pm, a woman was walking her dog along Wadesmill Road, when she was involved in a collision with a silver Honda Jazz. It happened between the A602 and Bengeo.

The pedestrian, aged in her 60s, suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital by air ambulance. Her dog was not injured. The motorist stopped at the scene and did not require hospital treatment.

PC Ross Clark from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and may have seen what happened or saw the pedestrian or vehicle in the moments before the collision to please get in touch.

"If you were driving in the area and have a dash cam please check your footage and get in touch if you have captured anything that you believe may assist our enquiries.

"You can email me directly at ross.clark@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 329 of 15 December."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
