```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Hitchin have released images of a man and woman they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a theft in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-a-theft-in-Hitchin-0478g
```

* ### Officers want to identify the two people on CCTV as they may be able to help enquiries looking into a theft in Hitchin.

 * ### It happened at 3.30am on Monday 27 June at a takeaway in Nightingale Road.

 * ### If you have any information that could help us, we encourage you to call 101, quoting reference 41/47451/19.

Officers investigating a theft in Hitchin have released images of a man and woman they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

At 3.30am on Monday June 27, offenders stole a safe which contained a substantial amount of cash along with money from a till and two fizzy drinks from Papa John's Takeaway in Nightingale Road.

PC Sarah Gillham from the Letchworth Local Policing Command Team said: "We hope to speak to the two people pictured as they may have some useful information that could help the investigation.

"Please get in touch if you recognise them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Gillham via email at sarah.gillham@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/47451/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
