```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are currently investigating a theft in Watford, and have released an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigations.
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-watford-1035
```

* ### The incident took place in the 'Load of Hay' pub

 * ### The victim's mobile phone was stolen from behind the bar

 * ### Officers have released an image of a man they would like to identify

Officers are currently investigating a theft in Watford, and have released an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigations.

The incident happened in Pinner Road, on Friday 4 October at around 2pm.

The victim was working at the 'Load of Hay' pub, and left their phone behind the bar whilst they went to get stock from a storeroom. When they returned, their phone, a Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus, was gone.

PC Danny Kachouh, who is investigating, said: "We're hoping that someone will recognise this man, or recall seeing him in the area, as he was wearing very distinctive clothing. We know that he was in the area at the time the incident took place, and think he may be able to help with our enquiries."

Anyone with information can get in touch with PC Kachouh directly at _danny.kachouh@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/90374/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
