```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The East Herts Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has a new Chief Inspector in post. Stuart Orton started in the role on Monday August 6.
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2018
title: New Chief Inspector for East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-chief-inspector-for-eastherts-1625A
```

* ### Chief Inspector Stuart Orton takes over in East Herts.

 * ### Looking forward to the challenges ahead.

 * ### Seeks input from local community to set policing priorities in the area.

The East Herts Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has a new Chief Inspector in post. Stuart Orton started in the role on Monday August 6.

A police officer since 1992, Stuart started life in the job with the Metropolitan Police Service. His first beat was Oxford Street and he was also responsible for policing the area around Lords cricket ground. From there Stuart became a detective in the Robbery Squad at Tottenham and then the Drugs Squad. On promotion to sergeant he moved into the intelligence unit and then to Operation Sapphire at Stoke Newington - the team that investigated sexual offences.

Stuart transferred to Hertfordshire as a Detective Inspector in 2006 and covered Stevenage and North Herts. He then came to East Herts before being promoted to Chief Inspector and taking on the remit for vulnerable people, setting up Operation Halo and the polygraph testing programme. Stuart has also had responsibility countywide for rural crime, anti-social behaviour and restorative justice.

A former pupil of Richard Hale School, Stuart has been an East Herts resident since 1980 and lives in the area with his wife and children. He is delighted to lead the CSP and is looking forward to the challenges ahead.

"I have had a full and varied police career to date and am really looking forward to the next chapter," he said. "I have covered a variety of roles and have a wealth of experience to put into practice in East Herts.

"One of my key priorities is to get local communities involved in the setting of policing priorities for this area. I am keen to engage with our diverse community and want everyone to have a voice in the service they receive.

"I have a strong background in rural policing and would like to expand our Special Constabulary and police volunteer scheme in this area."

In his free time Stuart is a keen sailor and volunteers with the Hertfordshire Schools Sailing and Canoe Association, teaching children to sail.

New Chief Inspector Stuart Orton
