```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three people have been charged in connection with the murder in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2018
title: Three people charged in connection with Hemel Hempstead murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-people-charged-in-connection-with-Hemel-Hempstead-murder-1790
```

* ### Police have charged three people in connection with a murder in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### 24 year old David Molloy was fatally stabbed at an address in Saturn Way on Tuesday, March 13.

 * ### Two women and a man are due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Thursday, March 15)

Three people have been charged in connection with the murder in Hemel Hempstead.

 * Karen Payne, aged 37, of Saturn Way, Hemel Hempstead, has been charged with perverting the course of justice.
 * Emma Payne, aged 40, of Eight Acres, Tring, has been charged with assisting an offender.
 * Matthew Eyles, aged 43, of no fixed address, has been charged with assisting an offender.

They remain in custody and are due to appear before Hatfield Remand Court today (Thursday, March 15).

Police were called at 2.21am on Tuesday (March 13) to Saturn Way following reports of a stabbing.

The victim - 24 year old David Molloy - was treated by paramedics but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are continuing to work to establish the exact circumstances surrounding the incident and enquiries are on-going to identify and locate further individuals who may have been involved.

The victim's family are currently being supported by specialist officers from the Major Crime Unit.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 25 of March 13.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
