```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: High-visibility and covert police patrols will be at the Alban Way, Griffiths Way and Lye Lane in Bricket Wood following increased reports of anti-social behaviour and thefts.
publish:
  date: 3 Oct 2018
title: Police step up patrols to help stop ASB in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-step-up-patrols-to-help-stop-asb-in-stalbans-1860F
```

* ### High-visibility and covert police patrols increased at Alban Way, Griffiths Way and Lye Lane in Bricket Wood.

 * ### Over 50 calls to police over the past couple of months about anti-social behaviour including motorbikes being ridden dangerously.

 * ### Officers will also be carrying out stop and searches, issuing section 59 warnings to anyone who is using a motorised vehicle anti-socially and Community Protection Notices banning people acting anti-socially from certain areas.

High-visibility and covert police patrols will be at the Alban Way, Griffiths Way and Lye Lane in Bricket Wood following increased reports of anti-social behaviour and thefts.

"You will see an increased police presence at the Alban Way as well as Griffiths Way and Lye Lane after over 50 calls to police over the past couple of months about anti-social behaviour including motorbikes being ridden dangerously," said _London Colney, St Stephens and St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant_ Mark Williams. "The type of offending has escalated recently and last week we made it a neighbourhood priority for London Colney."

At the weekend, a 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old boy were arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery.*

The attempted robbery happened between 4.45pm and 5.05pm on Wednesday (September 26), when a man, aged in his 50s who was cycling along Alban Way, is alleged to have been pushed and kicked by a group of offenders. He suffered bruising from the assault.

He said: "The Alban Way is a popular place for pedestrians, dog walkers and cyclists and we will not tolerate this type of behaviour where innocent members of the public are being assaulted by groups of young people for fun. Just recently, motorbikes have been driven erratically and dangerously across the areas we are targeting. Griffiths Way and Lye Lane have also been experiencing similar ASB problems, so we are tackling all three areas as a priority."

As well as stepping up high-visibility and covert patrols, officers will be carrying out stop and searches, issuing section 59 warnings to anyone who is using a motorised vehicle anti-socially and Community Protection Notices banning people acting anti-socially from certain areas. If they breach this, they can be arrested.

He added: "Please continue to report incidents of ASB to us and together, we can help make our communities safer and more desirable places to live."

Please call 101 or report information online. Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
