```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-rickmansworth-2633c
```

CCTV image

 * ### The theft happened in The Pennsylvanian pub in the High Street, on Tuesday, January 29.

 * ### Officers believe the man pictured may have been in the area at the time and could have vital information.

 * ### If you recognise him or have information about what happened contact PCSO Radu Vernica on 101 or at _radu.vernica@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/9475/19.

Police have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Rickmansworth.

The theft happened in The Pennsylvanian pub in the High Street, on Tuesday, January 29. Between 12pm and 2pm, the victim - a 76 year old man, had his bag placed on the back of a chair before two offenders took it.

The bag contained bank statements and a cheque book.

PCSO Radu Vernica, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We believe that the man pictured may have been in the area at the time of the offence and he could have vital information that will assist our enquiries. If you recognise him, or have other information about what happened, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or through email quoting crime reference 41/9475/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

** **
