```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Promoting responsible dog ownership and having fun is the aim of a special event being hosted by officers from the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2018
title: Bark in the Park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bark-in-the-park-0457G
```

Promoting responsible dog ownership and having fun is the aim of a special event being hosted by officers from the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team.

**_Bark in the Park_** takes place on Saturday July 14, between 10am and 2pm on Royston Heath and promises to be a day of doggy delights.

There will be a fun dog show run by Luna Animal Rescue and a chance to try dog agility with the Wrayfield Agility Team. The Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team will be in attendance and are running the 'Temptation Alley' challenge and the Woodgreen Animal Shelter are bringing their dog paddling pool and some games.

The event is also being supported by Heathlands Animal Sanctuary, Herts Fire and Rescue Service, the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Police Dog Unit and North Herts Council. The Herts Police Rappaw Team will also been in attendance to talk about the work they do with their therapy dogs and victims of crime.

"We have had a few issues recently with some people not behaving like responsible dog owners," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Guy Westwood.

"On the heath we have always had sheep grazing and unfortunately some people do not seem to understand the dangers of allowing their dogs off the lead around livestock. Sheep worrying is an arrestable offence and can lead to the destruction of a much loved family pet as well as a criminal record for the owner.

 "There have also been some 'dog on dog' attacks reported and inconsiderate behaviour from some dog owners.

"Through this event we are hoping to get the message out there about the law and dog ownership, as well as having lots of fun, raising money for some good causes and getting to meet lots of local people.

"My team will be available throughout the event to give advice and information about dogs and the law or any other issues people would like to discuss. We also hope to raise funds for some very worthwhile animal charities."

If you cannot attend the event but would like more information on the current dog legislation please visit or contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team via 101.
