```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident where three women were allegedly racially abused.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following alleged racial abuse in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-racial-abuse-in-watford-2095c
```

* ### Three woman were allegedly racially abused in Orphanage Road, Watford on Tuesday, November 13.

 * ### Officers are appealing for a woman who was in the area at the time and may have seen what happened to make contact.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

 * ### No-one was hurt during the incident.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident where three women were allegedly racially abused.

At around 5.35pm on Tuesday (November 13), the victims were reportedly approached in Orphanage Road, Watford, by a man who racially abused them before running away.

He was reported to have a knife and was chased by two men towards Watford Junction before being arrested by officers.

The victims were not hurt during the incident.

Detective Constable Jodie Bolton, who is investigating, said: "We believe that there was another woman in the area at the time of the offence who may have seen what happened.

"I'm appealing for that woman to make contact with me as she may have information that is crucial to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Bolton by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/55924/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form.

 * A 26 year old man from London has been arrested on suspicion of a racially aggravated public order offence and common assault. He remains in police custody at this time.
