```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A one tonne dumper truck was stolen in Redbourn earlier this month and police are asking for the public\u2019s help in trying to locate it."
publish:
  date: 31 Mar 2020
title: Have you seen this stolen dumper truck?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-stolen-dumper-truck-1601f
```

* ## Do you know where this dumper truck is?

 * ## It was stolen in Redbourn earlier this month.

 * ## Please contact police with any information.

A one tonne dumper truck was stolen in Redbourn earlier this month and police are asking for the public's help in trying to locate it.

The yellow Thwaites vehicle was stolen from a building site in Crown Street between Friday 6 March and Sunday 8 March.

PCSO Alex Peduto, from the Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are doing all we can to trace this dumper truck. It may have seemed like someone was taking it legitimately but if you saw anyone acting suspiciously around it between the dates stated, please contact police quoting reference 41/21031/20. It had a distinctive Harrskel sticker on it which may jog someone's memory."

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
