```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking to recruit new police chaplains to support officers and staff based at Hatfield and Three Rivers.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2020
title: Police chaplains being recruited for Hatfield and Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-chaplains-being-recruited-for-hatfield-and-three-rivers-1340
```

* ### People with ministry, leadership or mentoring experience are being recruited as police chaplains.

 * ### The voluntary roles are available in Hatfield and Three Rivers.

 * ### Call Penny Brown on 01707 354427 to find out more.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is looking to recruit new police chaplains to support officers and staff based at Hatfield and Three Rivers.

Police chaplains are a group of volunteers that represent many different faiths. They provide support and pastoral care to police officers and staff that work for Hertfordshire Constabulary, regardless of their faith or religious belief. Over time a police chaplain will become a familiar and trusted friend.

As a police chaplain you will get to know police officers and staff by conducting at least two visits per month to police stations in your district. These visits will last for an hour or two and give you the opportunity to get to know the staff and learn more about them and their work.

In addition to your visits you will also be expected to attend a minimum of two other events per year, such as Chaplain's meetings, conferences or training events, which are held at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

Applications are welcome from people of all faiths and none, who are sensitive to the needs of others and capable of providing impartial and confidential support.

Those interested should be or have been involved in ministry, leadership or mentoring roles.

If you are interested please contact Penny Brown on 01707 354427 or email penny.brown@herts.pnn.police.uk to register your interest and find out more about this fun and challenging role.
