```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an indecent exposure in Borehamwood are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 18 May 2020
title: Indecent exposure in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/indecent-exposure-in-borehamwood-0128
```

* ### The incident occurred on Monday 4 May.

 * ### A man indecently exposed himself before touching himself inappropriately.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police investigating an indecent exposure in Borehamwood are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

The incident occurred at around 4pm on Monday 4 May.

It was reported that a man had indecently exposed himself on a footpath in Stapleton Road, Borehamwood, between the junction with London Road, Shenley, before appearing to touch himself inappropriately.

The suspect is described as a white male, who was wearing a navy blue Adidas tracksuit.

PC Paul Norman, who is investigating, said: "Officers attended and carried out a search of the area to try and locate the suspect, but he remains outstanding at this time.

"During the search, it was noticed that there was quite heavy foot traffic in the area and I would ask anyone who saw what happened to please contact police. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have captured any relevant dash cam footage which may assist the investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to email paul.norman@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/35505/20.
