```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are asking local communities, particularly those in rural areas, to be alert to the signs of large and unlicensed gatherings following an incident near Dacorum recently.
publish:
  date: 4 Jul 2020
title: Look out for signs of large gatherings in your local community
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/look-out-for-signs-of-large-gatherings-in-your-community-0302
```

* ### Police are asking people to be alert to signs of large and unlicensed gatherings.

 * ### Rural areas may be particular targets for illegal raves.

 * ### Police report any information to police.

Police are asking local communities, particularly those in rural areas, to be alert to the signs of large and unlicensed gatherings following an incident near Dacorum recently.

With the recent warm weather and gradual easing of the Government's lockdown measures, many people have let down their guard and flocked to beaches, parks and beauty spots to soak up the sun.

However social-distancing is still very much in place, meaning large gatherings still cannot happen while the country continues its efforts to prevent the spread of coronavirus.

Last month, officers in Dacorum turned away a vehicle at Pitstone Quarry, just over the border in Bedfordshire. The vehicle contained large speakers and its occupants admitted that they were planning to play music at a large gathering at the well-known beauty spot.

Chief Inspector Chris Treadwell, who leads Hertfordshire's Crime Reduction and Community Safety Team, said: "Not only are unlicensed raves illegal but in the current circumstances, they clearly breach the Government measures stating there must be no large gatherings in order to help prevent the spread of COVID-19.

"These types of events are dangerous for attendees as there are often no crowd control measures, medical staff or security provision on site. Many people will likely accuse us of being spoilsports but we are here to keep the people of Hertfordshire safe.

"These unlicensed gatherings also pose difficulties for emergency services who, if in the event they are needed on the site, could struggle to access those who need help if no pre-planning has been undertaken by organisers.

 "Therefore we would like to appeal for the public's help and ask them to be alert to any suspicious activity in their communities. Often rave organisers choose rural locations so we are asking those living in these areas to remain vigilant, ensure their land is properly secured and report any suspicious activity to us. However, these events often also take place in industrial areas so we are asking everyone to keep an eye out.

"The key to stopping these events in their tracks is early intelligence so please let us know if you, or anyone else you know, has been approached looking for land to hire, even if the activity appears genuine.

"Those who organise these unlawful events will face the full force of the law in the form of arrest and prosecution. Those who choose to attend these events will also face enforcement action and could receive a criminal record. You could be risking your life by attending. Please, think twice."

Please be aware of the signs to spot, and inform the police if you see the following:
• Cropped bolts on gates
• Flattened or disturbed hedgerows
• People in vehicles stopping to look into a field
• People climbing over a fence or gate to look into a field
• Posters or social media messages advertising a large gathering
• Vehicles entering fields or open spaces
• People unloading sound equipment

You can report information online, launch an online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo.
