```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: This week we took part in the second annual International Control Room Week which celebrates the hard work of staff and officers working in the FCR.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: Force Control Room Celebrates International Control Room Week
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-control-room-celebrates-international-control-room-week-0951
```

* ### **Hertfordshire Constabulary took part in International Control Room Week.**

 * ### **Around 200 control rooms around the world are taking part in this celebratory event.**

 * ### **The week was made to thank all officers and staff who make massive contributions to their organisation.**

This week we took part in the second annual International Control Room Week which celebrates the hard work of staff and officers working in the FCR.

In the week spanning Monday 21 October to Sunday 27 October, personnel in the force control room (FCR) were treated to sweets, drinks and kind messages from members of the public who have had their lives positively affected by staff in the FCR.

Across the country, over 200 control rooms took part in this celebratory week, including more than 10,000 personal from the police, ambulance, fire brigade and coastguard.

Hertfordshire's FCR at our Welwyn Garden City headquarters was decorated in bunting and balloons and throughout the week call handlers were sharing stories on social media about what makes one of the force's most important departments a special place to work.

FCR manager Vanessa Green, who helped to set up the week, said: "The FCR is the heart of the organisation and vitally important.

"We are the conduit for the majority of contact with the Constabulary and our staff are often the first person anyone speaks to whether they are reporting a crime, are a victim or witness.

"Our staff are multi-skilled and are ready for a variety of situations whilst balancing the needs of the caller be it compassion, reassurance, advice or direction."

In the last year, our control room received more than half a million calls with 175,000 being 999 calls and 370,000 calls made to 101.

With that much demand, it is easy to see why it takes a strong individual to work in the control room where staff are trained to think fast as it's their actions that could be the difference between life or death.

Vanessa continues: "Every day the FCR faces challenges, whether that is related to particular incidents or reports or the multi-faceted demands on the room through a variety of methods, be it telephone, web chat, online or email.

"It is a busy 24/7 control room which reacts in a heartbeat to the challenges it is presented with and does so professionally and expertly."
