```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault in Radlett.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2018
title: Man arrested following alleged Radlett assault
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-following-alleged-radlett-assault-1816J
```

* ### A 27-year-old man from Bushey has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault in Radlett.

 * ### It is reported that at 8.45pm on Monday, August 27, at the Esso petrol garage on Watling Street, a man was punched to the floor.

 * ### Officers are continuing to appeal for information and witnesses - if you can help, please call 101 quoting 41/31433/18.

A man has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault in Radlett.

The 27-year-old, from Bushey, has been arrested on suspicion of GBH and released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers are continuing to appeal for witnesses to the alleged incident, which happened at the Esso petrol station in Watling Street at around 8.45pm on Monday, August 27.

A verbal altercation is reported to have occurred on the forecourt between the victim, a man in his 40s, and the offender, who was driving a black Mercedes A180.

It is alleged that the offender punched the victim in the face which caused him to fall to the ground, hit his head and become unconscious.

The offender then got back in his vehicle and left the scene.

The victim suffered a serious head injury and was taken to hospital for further treatment. He has since been released and is now recovering at home.

Detective Constable Andy Paveley, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "We have already spoken to a number of witnesses about what happened but we continue to appeal for further information.

"If you saw the incident and have not yet spoken to police, we would urge you to make contact with us as soon as possible. This was a nasty assault that has left the victim with serious injuries.

"If you think you can help, please email me, report information online or call 101, quoting reference 41/31433/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
