```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating an incident where a cat\u2019s body was found mutilated in Potters Bar are appealing for information and witnesses."
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2017
title: "Appeal for information following the discovery of a cat\u2019s body"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-information-following-burglary-discover-cat-body
```

* ### Cat's body found in garden with unexplained injuries.

 * ### Incident is being linked to the Metropolitan Police's Operation Takahe.

 * ### Officers are asking the public to come forward with any information that could help.

Officers investigating an incident where a cat's body was found mutilated in Potters Bar are appealing for information and witnesses.

The body of the male cat, a domestic shorthair named Taz, was found by his owner in her garden in Cranborne Road yesterday morning (Monday, October 23).

The animal, which had been missing since Tuesday, October 17, had suffered several wounds to its body. An investigation has now been launched and a post mortem to determine how the wounds were inflicted will be carried out.

Inspector Pete Edwards, from the Potters Bar Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This incident has understandably caused great distress and upset to Taz's owner and I want to reassure the people of Potters Bar and the wider community that we are taking this report very seriously.

"An investigation has now been launched and I am appealing for anyone with information to please come forward. Were you in the area and witnessed someone behaving strangely, perhaps attempting to coax a cat towards them? Any information you can provide could prove vital in the investigation.

He added: "I can confirm that at this time we are linking this incident with an on-going series of similar crimes across the south east being investigated by the Metropolitan Police, working with the charity South Norwood Animal Rescue and Liberty (SNARL) under Operation Takahe.

"Anyone with information about who is responsible is asked to please come forward as soon as possible. This is understandably a highly emotive subject for many people and I appreciate that they will be worried about their pets. If you are concerned, our advice would be to keep cats in after dark and overnight, and if you have smaller pets that live outside in hutches I would also advise moving them to a locked shed or garage overnight if possible."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number **101** , quoting crime reference J3/17/1491.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
