```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of a woman who sadly died following a road traffic collision on the A10 near Reed on Friday (27 November) have paid tribute to her.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2020
title: Family pay tribute to Nicola Lawrence from Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-pay-tribute-to-nicola-lawrence-from-buntingford-0932a
```

* ### A family tribute has been paid to 71 year old Nicola Lawrence who died following a road traffic collision on the A10 near Reed.

 * ### The family stated they are devastated, while they have thanked the emergency services and community for their assistance.

 * ### Call 101 if you have further information about the collision.

The family of a woman who sadly died following a road traffic collision on the A10 near Reed on Friday (27 November) have paid tribute to her.

Nicola Lawrence, aged 71, from Buntingford, was walking her dog Holly along the A10 near Reed towards Buntingford when she was involved in a collision with a van.

The driver stopped at the scene and called the emergency services. Despite the efforts of the East of England Ambulance Service, Nicola died at the scene.

A statement from Nicola's family, reads:

"Obviously the family is devastated by this tragic collision.

"We would like to thank firstly the emergency services for their quick and determined efforts at the scene and secondly the people of Buntingford, especially the dog walker friends and dog rescuer group who helped to inform us of what happened.

"The group also tirelessly looked for Holly the dog, who finally turned up back at the house in the early hours of Saturday morning.

"Our thoughts also go out to the driver and passenger in the vehicle who must be emotionally affected by this collision."

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are continuing to investigate the circumstances around the collision.

If you have any information that could assist the enquiry and have not already spoken to police, please call 101 quoting reference **Op Stalwart**.
