```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is recruiting Communications Operators for its Force Communications Room (FCR) where dedicated staff answer emergency 999 calls and non-emergency 101 calls 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2018
title: Find out more about working in our Force Communications Room
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Find-out-more-about-working-in-our-Force-Communications-Room-1779
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary is recruiting Communications Operators for its Force Communications Room (FCR) where dedicated staff answer emergency 999 calls and non-emergency 101 calls 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Those interested in working at the heart of the Constabulary are being invited to an open evening on Thursday, March 29 from 7pm to 9pm, where more information will be available about this key role.

This is an informal event where guests can find out more about the role, take a tour of the FCR and speak to those who are already working as Communications Operators.

Our Communications Operators work flexibly, including weekends, and evenings/nights, to answer emergency and non-emergency calls and direct resources across the county.

Superintendent Mick Trotman, who oversees Public Contact, said: "This is an informal event where people can find out more about the challenging and interesting role of a Communications Operator, take a tour of our FCR and speak to those who are already doing the job.

"Our Communications Operators will tell you that no day in the FCR is ever the same and while the role can be challenging, it is also hugely rewarding.

"If you thrive under pressure and are ready for a new career challenge, please come along to the open evening to find out if this is the job for you."

**The open evening is being held at Hertfordshire Constabulary 's Headquarters in Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, Herts, Al8 6XF from 7pm to 9pm. Tea and coffee will be provided on the evening. If you would like to attend please ensure that you register your interest.**

 * **Register your interest to attend the open evening.**

 * View the full role profile and apply here.
