```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Watford Police has launched its own Facebook page so residents can receive updates about what local officers are doing in their area.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019
title: New Watford Police Facebook page is launched
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-watford-police-facebook-page-is-launched-0807
```

* ### Watford's local policing team will be updating its very own Facebook page so residents can keep up with what's going on in their area.

 * ### It will feature anything from witness appeals, details about proactive policing operations and traffic information to arrest, charge and sentencing updates.

 * ### You can start following the page by searching 'Watford Police' on Facebook and clicking the 'like' button.

Watford Police has launched its own Facebook page so residents can receive updates about what local officers are doing in their area.

Those who follow the page will be able to see photographs and information posted by both the local Intervention and Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

Recent posts include photos of knife sweeps conducted in conjunction with Operation Sceptre, news of a man sentenced to seven years in prison for drugs offences and a snap of officers with film star Warwick Davis after they bumped into him in the town centre!

The page will also continue to feature witness appeals, details about proactive policing operations and traffic information as well as arrest, charge and sentencing updates.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "Many people already follow the main Herts Police Facebook account, but I'm now pleased to say we will be able to provide more Watford-focused updates about issues and incidents that really matter to residents in the town.

"We have had feedback to say that many people find our work very intriguing and want to know what's going on in their neighbourhoods, so this page is the perfect opportunity for us to open up a window into our world.

"It is also a great way to showcase the fantastic work my team are doing, both singly and with our partners, to ensure Watford continues to be a safe place to live, learn and work.

"Facebook is a great engagement tool and I hope it will enable us to reach an audience who we may not have otherwise."

Comments and feedback is welcomed and officers will do their best to answer questions and reply to posts, however the page is not monitored 24/7.

It is not intended to be used as a tool to report crime or anti-social behaviour, so people are encouraged to continue to use the appropriate channels to report incidents in their area.

If there is danger to life or you believe a crime is currently in progress, **always dial 999.**

However if it's not an emergency, you can:

 * email your local Safer Neighbourhood Team - find out who they are at www.herts.police.uk/Your-area
 * report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report
 * speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here: www.herts.police.uk/contact
 * _call the non-emergency number 101 and ask for Herts Police
_

**You can view the Watford Police Facebook pagehere.**

Click the 'Like' button to follow the page, so the regular updates appear in your news feed.
