```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft from an ambulance in Elstree.
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following theft from an ambulance in Elstree
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-theft-from-an-ambulance-in-elstree-0592
```

* ### Appeal after PPE stolen from ambulance

 * ### Theft occurred in Elstree

 * ### The crew were attending an emergency

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft from an ambulance in Elstree.

The theft took place when the ambulance was attending an emergency call in Sullivan Way, at around 10.30pm on Thursday 3 September. The paramedics witnessed several people exiting the vehicle after attending a call, and discovered personal protective equipment had been stolen.

PC Darren Arbuthnott, from the Elstree Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The ambulance crew were responding to an emergency and whilst they were dealing with a potentially life or death situation, thieves decided to raid the unattended ambulance.

"If you have information that may assist our enquiries into this theft, I urge you to contact me. Any information you have, no matter how trivial it might feel, could be vital. Perhaps you have seen suspicious activity near the ambulance? Perhaps you have been offered some PPE for sale under suspicious circumstances?

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at darren.arbuthnott@herts.pnn.police.uk. If you witness a theft, please call 999 straight away."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
