```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries into the theft of a purse in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following theft of purse \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-of-purse-welwyngardencity-1962B
```

* ### Do you recognise these people? Police would like to speak with them as part of their enquiries into the theft of a purse.

 * ### It happened in Welwyn Garden City at 11.30am on Saturday, October 13.

 * ### If you know the people pictured, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/45930/18.

Officers have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries into the theft of a purse in Welwyn Garden City.

It happened in Waitrose car park on Bridge Road at 11.30am on Saturday, October 13.

The victim, a woman in her 60s, paid for her shopping and left the store when she was followed by the offenders.

As the victim walked to her vehicle, they discreetly opened her handbag without her noticing and stole her purse.

The victim's card was used later that day in an attempt to pay for a number of high value items in the city centre.

PC Warren Potter, who is investigating, said: "This crime has understandably left the victim very upset and I am doing everything I can to trace those responsible.

"Do you recognise the two people pictured? I would like to trace them and speak to them as part of my enquiries, as I believe they may have information that could help progress my investigation.

"If you know them, or have any other information that could assist us, please email, call the non-emergency number 101 or report information online, quoting reference 41/45930/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
