```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested and suspected stolen goods were seized after items were stolen from a supermarket in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2020
title: "One arrested in connection with shoplifting \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/one-arrested-in-connection-with-shoplifting-hemel-hempstead-0955
```

* ### Man arrested in connection with shoplifting after suspected stolen goods recovered from vehicle in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Printer ink cartridges and alcohol were stolen from Sainsbury's in Woodhall Farm on 26 November

 * ### A Ford Mondeo was seized as part of the investigation, and several items of interest were found in the car

A man was arrested and suspected stolen goods were seized after items were stolen from a supermarket in Hemel Hempstead.

The 27 year old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of theft and has since been released under investigation while detectives continue their enquiries.

The arrest came after printer ink cartridges worth more than £1,200 and alcohol worth more than £200 were stolen from Sainsbury's in Woodhall Farm on the afternoon of Thursday 26 November.

After staff reported the incident, officers from the borough's intervention team located a vehicle on Three Cherry Trees Lane that they believed to be involved in the offence. The suspect was also located and detained at the same time.

They seized the car - a Ford Mondeo - as part of the investigation, under Section 19 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984. After access was gained to the vehicle, officers recovered several suspected stolen items from inside.

Detective Constable Katie Diskaya, who is investigating, said: "We had to use significant force to gain entry to the deadlocked vehicle, where we found a number of items of interest to the investigation. I want this case to serve as a warning that we will always take shoplifting seriously. We are not afraid to go to great lengths to recover suspected stolen property while disrupting criminality."

If you have any information about the offence but you have not yet spoken to police, you can email DC Diskaya at katie.diskaya@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
