```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men who were part of a fraud ring have been jailed for a series of courier scams across the country.
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2020
title: Fraudsters convicted for series of courier scams
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fraudsters-convicted-for-series-of-courier-scams-0360c
```

* ## Three men jailed for fraud offences committed in Hertfordshire.

 * ## The group targeted vulnerable people stealing over £15,000.

 * ## Ten people were convicted for their part in the frauds.

Three men who were part of a fraud ring have been jailed for a series of courier scams across the country.

Ten men appeared at Inner London Crown Court in relation to a spate of fraud offences carried out in 2017 across Hertfordshire and surrounding counties. Four of the men pleaded guilty and six went to trial.

The men were involved in courier fraud offences, in which they contacted vulnerable people pretending to be police officers. The victims were informed that their bank account was being used by fraudsters and asked to withdraw cash as part of the investigation. A courier was then despatched to collect the cash.

The group conned more than £15,000 out of victims in the Chorleywood and Rickmansworth areas and thousands more in other parts of the country.

 * Sadat Hussain, 21, of Kirby Street, London, was sentenced to three years in prison for fraud
 * Ruhid Ullah, 19, of Portpool Lane, London, was sentenced to eighteen months in prison for fraud
 * Radek Uddin, 23, of Frampton Street, London, was sentenced to 12 months in prison
 * Mijanur Rahman, 21, of Margery Road, Dagenham, was sentenced to eighteen months in prison, suspended for two years, and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work
 * Muhammod Rahman, 22, of Calthorpe Street, London, was sentenced to eighteen months in prison, suspended for two years and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and 30 days of rehabilitation activity
 * Waliur Rahman, 20, of Orde Hall Street, London, was sentenced to 12 months in prison, suspended for 2 years, and ordered to complete 130 hours of unpaid work
 * Jakaria Ahmed, 22, of Portpool Lane, London, was sentenced to a 12 month community order with 70 hours unpaid work
 * Abdul Mumin, 21, of Dombey Street, London, was sentenced to a 12 month community order with 70 hours unpaid work
 * Bradley Kisimbila, 19, of Crowndale Road, London, was sentenced to 6 months in prison, suspended for 2 years and ordered to complete 80 hours of unpaid work and 25 days of rehabilitation activity
 * Ekram Ahmed, 19, of Reapers Close, London, was sentenced to a 12 month community order with 70 hours unpaid work

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit said: "Courier fraud has been a significant concern in the county for a number of years. Victims have lost hundreds of thousands of pounds to these scams.

"It can be very difficult to catch those responsible as they are very adept at convincing their victims to part with money and they are often long gone by the time the police are alerted. Anyone in a similar situation should be aware that police officers will never contact you in this way or ask you to withdraw money, make electronic transfers or purchase goods and vouchers. If you are in any doubt contact the police on 101 using a different phone."

You can listen to a mock scam phone call here.

**Did you know?**

Phones are now available that automatically block withheld numbers, which can be used by offenders. People's service providers may also be able to assist with blocking unwanted calls.

Further information is available from Action Fraud - the national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre.
