```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are trying to trace a woman who may have witnessed an assault in Hertford, as part of their continuing investigation.
publish:
  date: 16 May 2019
title: Did you witness assault in Hartham Common?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-hartham-common-0222a
```

### • The incident occurred at the skate park in Hartham Common.

###
• A man sustained cuts and bruises.

###
• Police are keen to trace a woman who may have witnessed the incident.

Police are trying to trace a woman who may have witnessed an assault in Hertford, as part of their continuing investigation.

The incident occurred at the skate park in Hartham Common, at around 4pm on Friday, April 5, when a group of people were involved in an altercation.

A 21-year-old man sustained cuts and bruising, as well as a split lip.

PC Joseph Matthews, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Investigations have been continuing since the incident and we have spoken to a number of people as part of our enquiries.

"Following a review of CCTV, we are now trying to trace a further witness who was in the area at the time, as it is believed she may have seen what happened.

"She is described as white, with light coloured hair and was wearing blue jeans, white trainers, a dark coloured bomber jacket, a headband and sunglasses. If this was you, please get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone else who may have information about what happened but hasn't yet spoken to police."

Anyone with information should contact PC Joseph Matthews via email to joseph.matthews@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/31422/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
