```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five youths have been arrested following an altercation in Stevenage Old Town on Sunday February 17.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2019
title: Witnesses sought to Stevenage High Street assault
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-to-stevenage-high-street-assault-2589f
```

* ### **Five local boys arrested after High Street incident.**

 * ### **Police appeal for witnesses who were outside the Mulberry Pub to come forward.**

 * ### **All arrested on suspicion of robbery.**

Five youths have been arrested following an altercation in Stevenage Old Town on Sunday February 17.

Detectives from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit are now appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and saw the incident to contact them as soon as possible.

The altercation began outside Simmonds Bakery and McColls Newsagents at around 10pm and continued down towards Letchmore Road and Church Lane. Some of the boys were on bikes at the time.

Several members of the public intervened and gave chase to one of the suspects who they apprehended.

Detective Sergeant Faye Tooley said: "We know there were lots of people in the High Street at the time - some of whom intervened and have already given statements to us. However we know there were lots of people on the other side of the road near to the Mulberry Tree pub who were watching the scene unfold. We urgently need to speak to these people as they will have information which could be critical to our investigation."

The five boys arrested are all from Stevenage. Four are aged 15 and one is aged 14. All have been arrested on suspicion of robbery and released under investigation.

A 16 year old boy received wounds to his back and has received hospital treatment. He has now been discharged.

Anyone who has any other information about the incident is asked to contact the Stevenage Local Crime unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/15849/19. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
