```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Mill End have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 21 Apr 2020
title: "CCTV appeal following theft from petrol garage \u2013 Mill End"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-from-petrol-garage-mill-end-0049
```

* ### Do you recognise the person pictured? Police would like to trace and speak to them as part of their enquiries into a theft in Mill End

 * ### It happened at the M&S Simply Food on Uxbridge Road at 4.45pm on Tuesday 31 March

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/27335/20

Officers investigating a theft in Mill End have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in the M&S store at the BP garage on Uxbridge Road at 4.45pm on Tuesday 31 March.

A man entered the store and took several boxes of Ferrero Rocher chocolates without paying for them.

PCSO Cloe Moy, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We appreciate the photo is not the best quality however the person appears to be wearing quite a distinctive coat. If you recognise them then we would like to hear from you."

If you recognise the person pictured, or have any information about the incident, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/27335/20**.

You can email PCSO Moy at cloe.moy@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
