```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 800 vehicles were stopped during a high-visibility police operation that took place in Watford yesterday morning (Wednesday, March 6).
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2019
title: Operation Fathom - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-fathom-watford-2697c
```

* ### More than 800 vehicles were stopped during a high-visibility police operation that took place in Watford yesterday morning.

 * ### The operation was held on the Meriden estate in North Watford with the aim of disrupting criminality and gathering intelligence.

 * ### Two vehicles and four people were subject of Section 23 Misuse of Drugs Act searches during the five hour operation.

More than 800 vehicles were stopped during a high-visibility police operation that took place in Watford yesterday morning (Wednesday, March 6).

Operation Fathom, which involved officers from both Watford and Hertsmere Community Safety Partnerships (CSPs), was held on the Meriden estate in North Watford with the aim of disrupting criminality and gathering intelligence.

The operation was set up in response to concerns raised by residents and local councillors regarding suspected recent drug activity in the area.

Officers from both the Intervention and Safer Neighbourhood Teams were stationed at the four entry and exit points to the estate - Meriden Way, York Way, Falcon Way and Garston Lane - during the five-hour operation.

Vehicles were stopped before being taken to check points where drivers' details were verified.

Two vehicles and four people were subject of Section 23 Misuse of Drugs Act searches, but nothing was seized.

However a number of intelligence submissions have been made relating to suspected drug-related activity on the estate.

PC Jon Brown, who led the operation, said: "I hope yesterday's action reassures the community that we do take their reports seriously and we are doing all we can to tackle the supply of drugs into Watford. I want to thank the members of the public that we stopped for their patience and understanding.

"Our high-visibility presence sends out a clear message to those involved in criminality that we can and will take action. I am pleased with yesterday's results but I would continue to urge anyone who has information about the suspected supply of drugs in Watford to please make contact with us.

"The public are our eyes and ears and the information they hold may be the missing piece of the puzzle to enable us to carry out further action."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form
