```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is offering advice to dog owners following concerns of an increase in dog theft.
publish:
  date: 24 Feb 2021
title: Dog owners given advice on keeping pets safe
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dog-owners-given-advice-on-keeping-pets-safe-1210
```

* ### Advice issued to dog owners

 * ### Concerns have been circulating about dog thefts

 * ### No evidence of an increase in Hertfordshire

### Hertfordshire Constabulary is offering advice to dog owners following concerns of an increase in dog theft.

Dog thefts in the county have remained relatively low, however we are aware concerns have increased. Dog owners and businesses that house dogs, such as kennels, are advised take extra care to keep them safe.

Inspector Nicki Dean, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit said: "Concerns have increased around dog thefts during lockdown as the demand for pets has grown.

"Whilst thefts in Hertfordshire have remained relatively low, across the country there has been growing concerns over the theft of dogs from homes and breeders kennels. Dog owners should join Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch to get all the latest alerts and crime prevention advice via OWL (opens in a new window).

There are simple steps you can take to keep your pet safe, such as never leaving your dog unattended when out and making areas at home your dog can access secure."

 * Ensure your dog is microchipped and registered with up to date information and has a collar and dog tag (use your surname rather than the dog's name and your telephone contact details).
 * Neutering your pet might ensure they don't get targeted for breeding purposes, consider adding "I am neutered" tag to their collar.
 * Take plenty of clear photographs of your pet and especially of any distinctive markings.
 * When walking your pet, try different routes and keep your pet in sight at all times.
 * Never leave a dog unattended in the garden, in the car or outside shops.
 * Don't give details of your pets, your location or your favourite walking spots on social media and make sure your security settings are set to friends only.
 * When out, always know where your dog is. Be mindful of anyone who may be trying to distract your attention from your dog or attract your dog's attention away from you.

If your dog is stolen - report to Police on 101 and to your local authority dog warden if you have one in your area. Notify your microchip database provider immediately and add to the Dog Lost website (opens in a new window) or join their DogLost Hertfordshire Facebook group.

Join Hertfordshire's Dog Watch Scheme for alerts and advice by visiting: OWL (opens in a new window).

You can report crime online (opens in a new window), speak to an operator via our online web chat (opens in a new window). Or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
