```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a racially aggravated public order offence in South Oxhey are appealing for witnesses.
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2020
title: Witnesses sought following incident in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-incident-in-south-oxhey-0290
```

* ### The incident occurred in Fairview Avenue.

 * ### It is alleged that racially offensive language was used during an altercation.

 * ### Witnesses are being asked to come forward.

Police investigating a racially aggravated public order offence in South Oxhey are appealing for witnesses.

The incident occurred in Fairfield Avenue, at around 10.10pm on Wednesday 24 June.

It was reported that an altercation occurred between a man driving a vehicle and a man and a woman who were out walking their dog.

Racially offensive language was allegedly used.

PC Eifert from the Case Investigation Team said: "We are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen or heard the incident. If you believe you were a witness, or if you have any information that you think may assist our investigation then please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email lauren.eifert@herts.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/49489/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

 * A man from Watford has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
