```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after an assault which happened in Potters Bar on Sunday, March 25.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2018
title: Did you witness an assault on a roundabout in Potters Bar?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-an-assault-on-a-roundabout-in-potters-bar-1863
```

* ### Did you witness an assualt which happenend in Potters Bar?

 * ### Two men were involved and one sustained minor injuries

 * ### This follows a near miss collision close to Southgate Road

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after an assault which happened in Potters Bar on Sunday, March 25.

The incident happened on the roundabout above junction 24 of the M25 which connects to Southgate Road. It took place at around 2.25pm when two vehicles, a black Nissan Qashqai and a silver Nissan Navara stopped on the west side of the roundabout in lane two following a near miss collision. When they came to a stop on the roundabout the drivers became involved in a physical altercation and one of the men punched the other in the face. He sustained minor injuries to his face.

**Investigating officer PC Lisa Kimm, from the Case Investigation Team, said:** "We are doing everything we can to get to the bottom of what happened here. I am therefore appealing for anyone who was in the location at the time and saw the incident take place, or the events leading up to it, to please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone who has any information about this incident is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 or on, quoting the crime reference J3/18/453. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
