```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has met with LGBT+ rights charity Stonewall to discuss further ways in which the Force can better support the LGBT+ community.
publish:
  date: 23 Apr 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary working to improve support for LGBT+ community
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-working-to-improve-support-for-lgbt-community-0111all
```

* ### Stonewall representatives were invited to Hatfield Police Station to give feedback about the Constabulary's result in their Workplace Equality Index (WEI).

 * ### The WEI is a powerful benchmarking tool to help employers create inclusive workplaces.

 * ### The Constabulary was praised for many aspects of the work it does to support the LGBT+ community.

 * ### Stonewall offered recommendations on how to improve the work and these will be put into practice.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has met with LGBT+ rights charity Stonewall to discuss further ways in which the force can better support the LGBT+ community.

On Wednesday, April 10, Stonewall representatives were invited to Hatfield Police Station to give feedback about the Constabulary's result in their Workplace Equality Index (WEI).

The WEI is an annual audit of workplace culture for LGBT+ staff across the country and the results are announced every year at the end of January. Since 2005, Stonewall has been running the audit as a powerful benchmarking tool to help employers create inclusive workplaces.

This year, a total of 445 organisations took part and Hertfordshire Constabulary was ranked 121, climbing more than 60 places from 2018. 29 emergency services organisations entered the audit, with the Constabulary achieving 10th place in the sector.

During the feedback session, the Constabulary was praised for many aspects of the work it does to support the LGBT+ community. Stonewall were particularly impressed with the force's LGBT+ Network for their work in helping staff and officers on LGBT+ matters, both personal and operational.

Stonewall recommended that the Constabulary undertake further work to appeal to and engage with LGBT+ staff from a range of backgrounds. As a result, the force will now look to work more closely with the Hertfordshire Black and Asian Police Association. At the Constabulary's LGBT+ conference on September 23, there will also be a special focus on diversity within the LGBT+ community.

Another recommendation included giving clear actions for LGBT+ Allies to follow. LGBT+ Allies are members of staff or officers who might not necessarily be LGBT+ themselves but show active support for the LGBT+ community. The force will now draw up a list of actions to help ensure that LGBT+ Allies are doing all they can to give support to the community.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Constabulary's Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, said: "We were delighted to have jumped up so many places in this year's WEI however we recognise that there is still much more work to do.

"We are always looking for ways in which we can support the LGBT+ community better, including both the public and our own staff and officers. In fact, some of the recommendations we were given had already been implemented before we received them in our feedback session, such as ensuring that our maternity leave policies are gender neutral.

"The feedback session was very insightful and we are looking forward to putting their recommendations into practice."
