```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 17 year old boy from Hatfield has been charged with possession of a knife in the town.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2019
title: Teenager charged with possession of a knife in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Teenager-charged-with-possession-of-a-knife-in-Hatfield-2768PR
```

A 17 year old boy from Hatfield has been charged with possession of a knife in the town.

At around midday on Monday, March 11, officers from the Operation Scorpion Team*, stopped the teenager for a search in Hatfield town centre. He fled on foot before officers detained him in Queensway.

He was found to be in possession of a 20cm zombie knife, which officers have seized.

He appeared at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, March 13, and has been bailed until Wednesday, May 8.

PC Angela Wilcox, from Operation Scorpion, said: "I hope residents feel reassured that this knife has been removed from the streets of Hatfield. Hertfordshire Constabulary will not tolerate anyone carrying knives and we will always take action if we suspect that someone is carrying a weapon.

"While some people feel pressured to carry a knife, perhaps as protection or because their friends say it will earn them respect or make others fear them, the truth is that it simply puts you in more danger.

"Carrying a knife is not worth the risk of more danger and if you are caught you could face up to four years in prison. If you do feel pressured to carry a knife, speak to someone you trust like a family member, teacher or police officer to get support."

_If you are worried or have information about knife crime in your local area, please call the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency, or if someone 's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away._

_ _

*Operation Scorpion officers work in a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime - such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences - by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.
