```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Letchworth Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following an assault in Letchworth Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-an-assault-in-letchworth-garden-city-0410g
```

* ## Detectives are investigating an assault outside The Platform pub in Letchworth Garden City on Friday 24 July.

 * ## A man in his 30s was hit in the face with a glass, causing potentially life-changing injuries.

 * ## If you saw what happened, please contact police quoting reference 41/58388/20.

Detectives investigating an assault in Letchworth Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened outside The Platform pub on Station Road just before 9.55pm on Friday 24 July.

The victim, a man in his 30s, was drinking in the pub with his brother when the pair were approached by a group of men.

One of the group, a man wearing a blue waistcoat, hit the victim's brother around the head.

A physical altercation then ensued between the two groups outside the pub and another man hit the victim in the face with a glass, causing deep lacerations.

The victim is currently in hospital receiving medical treatment.

The offender is described as white, aged between 30 and 40 years old, with dark hair. He was wearing a red top.

Detective Sergeant Karen Lewis, who is investigating, said: "The victim has suffered potentially life-changing injuries as a result of this attack and I would like to reassure him that we are doing all we can to identify who is responsible.

"We have already carried out a number of enquiries however we are keen to speak to anyone else who witnessed what happened, either inside the pub or outside.

"We believe both the pub and the road outside will have been busy with people enjoying a night out so we think there will be a number of witnesses we have yet to identify.

"If you believe you may have information that could assist our investigation, please do not hesitate to get in touch."

You can email DS Lewis, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/58388/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
