```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Queensway.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: Police appeal for witnesses following assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault-in-stevenage-1160e
```

* ### The incident occurred in Queensway.

 * ### A couple were approached by an unknown man who made threats towards their dog.

 * ### Police are keen to trace a passer-by who intervened.

Officers in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Queensway.

The incident occurred on Saturday 16 January, between 9.25pm and 9.45pm.

A man and woman were out walking their dog, towards The Towers, when a man they did not know engaged them in conversation.

As they passed him, the man allegedly became agitated and made threats towards their dog. An altercation took place between the two men, with the dog owner receiving an injury to the back of the head.

The couple and their dog ran from the scene, heading in the direction of Vista Towers and the fire station.

A member of the public is believed to have intervened at this point and stopped the offender chasing the couple.

Investigating officer, PC Steven Hill said: "We are very keen to trace the member of the public who intervened and anyone else who may have witnessed the incident, or who may have been driving through the area with a dash cam in operation."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact PC Steven Hill via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/3989/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
