```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a series of thefts from motor vehicles in Borehamwood are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following theft from motor vehicles
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-theft-from-motor-vehicles
```

* ### Officers appeal for information and witnesses after series of thefts from motor vehicles.

 * ### Incidents occurring in Borehamwood.

 * ### Sunglasses, sat nav, science equipment and purse stolen.

Officers investigating a series of thefts from motor vehicles in Borehamwood are appealing for information and witnesses.

The following incidents have occurred:

 * A pair of glasses and two pair of sunglasses were stolen from a car in Whitehouse Avenue overnight on Saturday, September 30 and Sunday, October 1. (crime reference J1/17/4194).
 * A sat nav, six CDs and an iPhone 6 were stolen from a car in Hillside Avenue overnight on Sunday, October 1 and Monday, October 2. (J1/17/4134).
 * A purse was taken from a car in Chandos Road overnight on Sunday, October 1 and Monday, October 2. (J1/17/4188).
 * Science equipment was stolen from a car in Coleridge Way overnight on Sunday, October 1 and Monday, October 2. (J1/17/4187).
 * At around 4.45am on Sunday, October 1, an offender approached a vehicle parked on a driveway in Melrose Avenue and tried the door handles before making off. (J1/17/4180)

PCSO James Gaitskell, from the Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Did you see anyone acting suspiciously around parked vehicles in these areas between the times stated? If so, please get in touch as you may have information that could assist our investigation.

"I would also like to remind motorists to ensure that you leave your vehicle secure and remove any valuables from inside so that they are not easy pickings for thieves."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number **101**.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice:**

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.
 * Fit a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection. Purchase devices to 'Thatcham' and 'SBD' approval to combat this type of vehicle theft, as vehicles equipped with a tracking device are often promptly recovered.
 * Avoid a thief using your vehicle sat nav to identify your home address by inputting the post code for a significant location or landmark such as the local police station or supermarket as your home address.
