```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are currently investigating a suspected distraction theft in Borehamwood, and have released an image of a man they would like to speak to, as it is believed that he was in the area at the time of the incident and may be able to assist with the investigation.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2019
title: CCTV appeal following suspected distraction theft in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-suspected-distraction-theft-in-borehamwood-0897j
```

* ### Officers are investigating a distraction theft in Borehamwood where a card was stolen.

 * ### Over £4,700 was spent in various locations across Edgware and Luton.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are currently investigating a suspected distraction theft in Borehamwood, and have released an image of a man they would like to speak to, as it is believed that he was in the area at the time of the incident and may be able to assist with the investigation.

On Saturday 24 August, at around 10.40am, the victim used her card in the Borehamwood branch of Morrisons. She was approached by a woman who had a large map asking her for directions. Police believe that this was when her card was stolen.

The suspects then travelled to Edgware, where they purchased a bracelet costing over £1,000 on her card from Cash Converters.

The card was later used for a number of transactions in various locations across Edgware and Luton. The transactions totalled over £4,700.

PCSO Natalie Lancaster, from the Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are very keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the offence. We believe that there were three offenders working together for this.

"If you recall seeing anyone behaving suspiciously, or believe that you may have seen the incident taking place, please get in touch. Alternatively, if you recognise the distinctive bracelet, or believe that you may have come across it, please contact us.

"This is a common and well-rehearsed method of distraction used to steal, so we would like to take this opportunity to ask you to be aware of strangers who approach you asking for help or directions. If you are approached by a stranger, make sure you're aware of your personal belongings."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/78198/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
