```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Watford are hoping to trace a pedestrian who they believe witnessed the incident.
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2019
title: Appeal to trace pedestrian following collision in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-pedestrian-following-collision-in-watford-1032
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision in Watford.

 * ### A white BMW collided with a lamppost in Water Lane.

 * ### Officers are specifically looking to trace a pedestrian who they believed witnessed the incident.

Officers investigating a collision in Watford are hoping to trace a pedestrian who they believe witnessed the incident.

It happened on Water Lane at 2am on Saturday 12 October, when a white BMW collided with a lamppost at the junction with Beechen Grove.

After reviewing CCTV footage, officers believe the vehicle almost collided with a pedestrian as it crashed.

PC Erik Gale, who is investigating, said: "We would like to trace the pedestrian who we believe witnessed the collision, as we need to speak to them.

"After reviewing the CCTV footage, we don't believe they were hurt but we think they witnessed the incident in full.

"We would like to stress that this person is not in any trouble, but we really do need to talk to them as soon as possible. If this was you, please get in touch."

If you have any other information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/92409/19**.

You can email _erik.gale@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online, use online web chat or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
