```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Hitchin have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2018
title: CCTV appeal following robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-robbery-in-Hitchin-0138G
```

Officers investigating a robbery in Hitchin have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

The incident happened in Old Hale Way at 3.50pm on Saturday (April 28) when, following a brief exchange with the victim, a man pushed the victim to the ground, took his umbrella, struck him with it and walked off with the item.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as he may have information that could assist the investigation.

Detective Constable Kerry Burrows, from the Hitchin Local Crime Unit, said: "Whilst the image we have is not great quality, the clothing the man is wearing is quite distinctive. He has been described as being an Asian man, aged in his late 30s to early 40s, over 6ft tall with a long black bushy beard to his chest. The trousers he is wearing have a yellow stripe down each leg. I would like to speak to this man as he may be able to progress our enquiries.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area between the times stated, or has any further information that could assist us with our investigation.

"Please email kerry.burrows@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number G1/18/1349."

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
