```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-hertford-1266a
```

* ## The incident occurred in Molewood Road.

 * ## A brick was thrown through an elderly couple's window.

 * ## A group of people were seen running from the area.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Hertford.

At around 9.30pm on Wednesday 8 January, a brick was thrown through the window of a property in Molewood Road while the elderly occupants were sitting watching television.

The previous day, a piece of wood had been thrown at the window but no damage was caused.

PC Sue Loughran said: "This has been a frightening ordeal for the elderly victims. Thankfully they were not hurt, but they are very shaken by what has happened.

"A group of people were seen running from the area after the brick was thrown and I am appealing to anyone who may have seen them to please contact police. If you have any other information which may assist us, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/2343/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
