```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are issuing crime prevention advice to Welwyn Hatfield residents following a number of thefts of wheels from vans.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2020
title: Advice to Welwyn Hatfield van owners following wheel thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-to-welwyn-hatfield-van-owners-following-wheel-thefts-1536b
```

* ## There has been a number of thefts of van wheels across Welwyn Hatfield.

 * ## Officers are encouraging van owners to protect their vans.

 * ## Any witnesses or anyone with information about the incidents should report it to police.

Officers are issuing crime prevention advice to Welwyn Hatfield residents following a number of thefts of wheels from vans.

Sergeant Ian Smith, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This has caused massive inconvenience to those targeted and we are working hard to find the offender(s).

"I would urge any witnesses or anyone with information about the thefts to come forward and let us know. Even if you just saw suspicious activity, that information could still be really useful.

"If you have a van and live or work in Welwyn Hatfield we recommend that you take steps to help prevent your van from being targeted.

"Consider parking your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to access it.

"It is also a good idea to use locking wheel nuts as this will help reduce the risk of your wheels being stolen.

"When you park your van, we would advise that you turn your wheels. This makes it more difficult for them to be stolen.

"You may also want to consider installing an alarm that has sensors attached to the wheels. We recommend products at soldsecure.com and securedbydesign.com.

"Finally, don't forget about your spare wheel too. Make sure this is also locked and kept safe."

If you have information about the wheel thefts, you can report it online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
