```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged incident in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2020
title: Appeal following alleged incident in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-incident-in-hemel-hempstead-0448d
```

* ## Between 11.30am and midday on Tuesday 14 July, two men were involved in a verbal argument in Leverstock Green Road.

 * ## During the incident, a man was allegedly punched.

 * ## If you can help, contact DC Robinson by calling 101 or emailing fenton.robinson@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting 41/55195/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged incident in Hemel Hempstead.

Between 11.30am and midday on Tuesday 14 July, two men were involved in a verbal argument in Leverstock Green Road, close to the Crabtree Pub.

At the time, they were both parked up in recovery vehicles.

During the altercation, the suspect allegedly exited his vehicle and made threats. He was then reported to have punched the victim along with the victim's driver's side window. This caused it to smash over the victim and his dog.

The victim drove away but the suspect is said to have then got back in his vehicle and followed, swerving in and out of lanes, before driving off at the bottom of Midland Road.

Detective Constable Fenton Robinson, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or anyone with information, to get in touch.

"Were you in the area? Did you see the incident? Or did you see the build-up or aftermath?

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation. If you can help please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me quoting crime reference 41/55195/20."

 * A 44 year old man from Abbots Langley has been arrested on suspicion of ABH, criminal damage and threats to kill. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
