```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a picture of a bike that was stolen in Wigginton and are asking anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2019
title: Have you seen this bike?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-bike-0328d
```

* ### A KTM 150e dirt bike was stolen from a garage on Chesham Road.

 * ### The bike has the words "6 Days France" written on the side and is painted red, white and blue - resembling the French flag.

 * ### We are hoping you can help us find it.

Officers have released a picture of a bike that was stolen in Wigginton and are asking anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 6pm on Sunday, May 26, the bike, a KTM 150e dirt bike was stolen from a garage on Chesham Road. The bike has the words "6 Days France" written on the side and is painted red, white and blue - resembling the French flag.

Inspector Jeffrey Scott from the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team is appealing for help in reuniting the bike with its owner, "This is a very distinctive bike. If you have any information about its whereabouts please get in contact."

If you have seen the bike or have been offered it for sale please contact Inspector Scott by emailing, report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ crime reference 41/47436/19.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
