```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers have taken more than \xA310,000 worth of cannabis off the streets of Hatfield as they continue to tackle drug dealing and its associated criminality."
publish:
  date: 13 Sep 2019
title: Thousands of pounds worth of cannabis seized in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thousands-of-pounds-worth-of-cannabis-seized-in-hatfield-0764
```

Officers have taken more than £10,000 worth of cannabis off the streets of Hatfield as they continue to tackle drug dealing and its associated criminality.

On Friday 9 August, officers from Operation Scorpion stopped and searched a man in Clarkson Court.

Operation Scorpion is a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime, such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences, by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.

During the search, officers seized approximately £3,000 worth of cannabis. The man, aged 28 from London, was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with intent to supply. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Following intelligence gathered during the investigation, a search was carried out at an address in Clarkson Court and an estimated £7000 worth of more cannabis was seized along with approximately £5,900 in cash.

On Wednesday 14 August, Operation Scorpion officers spotted a suspected drugs deal in Errington Close.

A 19 year old man from Hatfield was subsequently detained and officers seized an estimated £3000 worth of cannabis, along with a knuckle duster. The man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and possession of an offensive weapon. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue. A warrant at an address in Tigermoth Avenue, Hatfield, was carried out as part of the investigation and this resulted in £20,570 cash being seized.

PC Angela Wilcox, from the Operation Scorpion Team, said: "The drugs trade goes hand in hand with violence and exploitation of vulnerable people. Using or dealing cannabis is no exception.

"Drugs of any kind can destroy lives and inflict misery on communities so I hope that the public feel reassured by this significant seizure. Operation Scorpion will continue to do all we can to disrupt the drugs trade and ensure that Welwyn Hatfield is a safe place to live and work."

If you are worried or have information about drugs in your local area, please call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
