```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Traffic officers will be urging motorcyclists to take their safety seriously as part of a national campaign next week.
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2018
title: Motorcyclists urged to take their safety seriously as part of week-long campaign
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motorcyclists-urged-to-take-their-safety-seriously-as-part-of-week-long-campaign-1674
```

* ### Week-long campaign will focus on educating and advising motorcyclists on road safety - but fines will be issued where appropriate

 * ### The campaign will run from August 27 to September 2 and will involve officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit

 * ### Last year three motorcyclists were killed and 63 seriously injured on Hertfordshire's roads

Traffic officers will be urging motorcyclists to take their safety seriously as part of a national campaign next week.

During the campaign, which runs from Monday, August 27 to Sunday, September 2, traffic officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit will be out giving advice to motorcyclists as well as issuing fines where appropriate.

Officers will be looking out for motorcyclists who are a danger to themselves and others through dangerous riding or non-roadworthy bikes.

Patrols will focus on education and enforcement as part of work to reduce the number of motorcyclists seriously injured or killed across the three counties.

Last year three motorcyclists were killed and 63 seriously injured on Hertfordshire's roads.

Drivers are reminded of the importance of watching out for bikers and always looking carefully when pulling out of junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

Traffic officers will be out on the county's roads giving advice to motorcyclists about staying safe on the roads, offering information about choosing the right helmet, wearing the right gear, riding 'defensively' and offering further training to improve performance and safety.

Casualty Reduction Sergeant Ian Manley said: "Sadly, motorcyclists are still among the most vulnerable road users and that is why it's so important they are extra vigilant.

"We are asking all bikers to take their time, plan their rides and think 'safety'."

Earlier this year the force asked riders 'Whose world are you?', as part of a new road safety campaign to encourage them to take a little extra care on the roads.

The campaign delivered the message to bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world, and encouraged them to share pictures of them with that person on social media using #WhoseWorldAreYou.

The campaign also aimed to humanise riders to other motorists, by showing the person behind the helmet, so they are more likely to see them on the road.
