```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A further man has been arrested, charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2021
title: Additional man charged in connection with serious assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/additional-man-charged-in-connection-with-serious-assault-in-watford-1136
```

* ### Connor O'Sullivan-Smith, aged 26, from Bedford, has been charged in connection with a serious assault

 * ### It happened in Horseshoe Lane, Watford, on Sunday 5 July 2020

 * ### O'Sullivan-Smith has been remanded in custody and is due to stand trial on Monday 12 July

A further man has been arrested, charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Watford.

Connor O'Sullivan-Smith, aged 26, from Bedford, has been charged with:

 * Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH)
 * Possession of an offensive weapon

He appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Friday 29 January) before being remanded into custody ahead of a trial date scheduled for Monday 12 July 2021.

The charges are in relation to a serious assault that happened in Horseshoe Lane, Garston, on Sunday 5 July 2020 where a man in his twenties suffered injuries that required him to be hospitalised.

James Diston, aged 27, of no fixed address, was previously charged with Section 18 grievous bodily harm (GBH) and possession of an offensive weapon in connection with the assault.

Danny Hardy, aged 30, of The Gossamers, Watford, was previously charged with Section 18 GBH and perverting the course of justice in connection with the assault.

They have both since been released on conditional bail and are scheduled to stand trial alongside O'Sullivan-Smith on 12 July 2021.

A fourth man, aged 24 and from Watford, was previously charged and remanded with Section 18 grievous bodily harm (GBH) and remanded in custody in connection with the assault, however he has since been released with no further action.

A fifth man, a 29 year old man from Watford, was previously arrested on suspicion of Section 18 GBH in connection with the assault and released on conditional bail. He has since been released with no further action.

DC Marius Edghill, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are pleased to have secured another charge and remand in connection with this violent assault and we now await the scheduled trial date."
