```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Heading to a festival this summer? Make sure it\u2019s an experience to remember for all the right reasons \u2013 this is the message from Hertfordshire Constabulary."
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Staying safe this festival season
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/staying-safe-this-festival-season-0501all
```

* ### Police sharing tips and advice for staying safe at festivals this summer

 * ### Officers also remind people that sex with someone who is heavily intoxicated is rape

 * ### Herts SARC offers practical and emotional support to anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced rape, sexual abuse or sexual assault.

Heading to a festival this summer? Make sure it's an experience to remember for all the right reasons - this is the message from Hertfordshire Constabulary.

With the national festival season now in full swing and major events coming up in Hertfordshire and elsewhere, the Force is issuing tips and advice to help people ensure their experience is a positive one.

Detective Superintendent Doug Black said: "In Hertfordshire, we work closely with organisers to ensure that festivals and other events run smoothly and that everyone has a safe and enjoyable time.

"Festivals in the county are generally very safe places with low levels of crime but we would always encourage people to remain vigilant. Please take simple steps to help keep yourself and your belongings safe. This advice also applies to anyone heading to other major events across the country."

Det Supt Black, who leads on crime reduction and community safety for the force, added: "Sex without consent is rape and we want to remind those enjoying the festival season and partying together into the night to be responsible.

"Rapes and sexual assaults are taken very seriously by Hertfordshire Constabulary, as are relatively new crimes like upskirting*. All reports will be fully investigated and where possible the offenders brought to justice."

The Constabulary will be promoting the popular 'Simple as Tea' video to festival-goers throughout July and August. The video, created by Blue Seat Studios and blogger Rockstar Dinosaur Pirate Princess, uses the analogy of making tea to explain how consent works.

Det Supt Black said: "For anyone who is in any doubt, this video explains that sex with someone who is incapacitated as a result of drink or drugs is rape. This is true whether you are at home, at a party or in a field at a music festival.

"If you do have any concerns, or witness anything suspicious while at an event, please report this to a steward or member of security staff straightaway. They are there to help."

You can report a crime to police online or by calling the non-emergency number 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

Herts SARC offers practical and emotional support to anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced rape, sexual abuse or sexual assault. Their services are free and independent, meaning you do not have to have contacted police in order to access them.**
