```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three officers from the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team have completed an Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training (ASIST) course at the weekend (February 9).
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2019
title: Safer Neighbourhood Team officers become suicide intervention first-aiders
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Safer-Neighbourhood-Team-officers-become-suicide-intervention-first-aiders-2651-k
```

* ### Three officers from the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team have completed an Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training course

 * ### The programme encourages open discussion around suicide in a bid to reduce the stigma surrounding it

 * ### The officers have been equipped with skills that can be used when they are helping someone in crisis

The officers with certificates of completion

Three officers from the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team have completed an Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training (ASIST) course at the weekend (February 9).

Organised by The OLLIE Foundation - a local suicide-prevention charity - the ASIST course equips participants with the skills and insights to help them support vulnerable people and signpost them towards appropriate support.

PCs Karen Hutchinson, James Batten and Faye Nugent joined 25 other participants from a variety of backgrounds, including teachers, nurses, and people who had been affected by suicide, at the two day course.

The programme encourages open discussion around suicide in a bid to reduce the stigma surrounding it. It also explained typical behaviours of people at risk of suicide and how they can be identified so that intervention might take place.

The officers have been equipped with skills that can be used when they are helping someone in crisis, learning how to navigate a situation to keeping the person safe and helping them make connections to life that show them value in living.

After gaining the theoretical knowledge, the officers took part in a series of role plays where they were able to put what they had learned into practice.

PC Hutchinson, who works in Cheshunt, said: "A high percentage of incidents we attend involve a mental health element. This training will give me foresight into a person's mind when dealing with such incidents and has given me the confidence not to shy away from asking that uncomfortable question of 'might you be thinking of suicide?'

"The course is absolutely invaluable and has given me ways of leading the conversation, giving me the best chance of helping the person choose life."

PC Hutchinson continued: "After 14 years in the job, it is important to remind yourself not to be complacent. The training and experiences shared during the course were a stark reminder that suicide is real and we all have a responsibility to help those suffering."

 * Future training dates can be found on The OLLIE Foundation website.
