```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Crowds gathered in Stevenage Town Square on Tuesday morning (October 23) for an event raising awareness of hate crime.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2018
title: "Purple All Stars sing against hate \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/purple-all-stars-sing-against-hate-stevenage-1975e
```

* ### Purple All Stars raise awareness of disability hate crime.

 * ### Crowds gather in Stevenage Town Square to hear them sing.

 * ### New website gives more information about what a hate crime is.

Crowds gathered in Stevenage Town Square on Tuesday morning (October 23) for an event raising awareness of hate crime.

The town's Hate Crime Officer PC Angela Westwood was joined by the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team and colleagues at Stevenage Borough Council.

The learning disability group, the Purple All Stars, also attended and sang. The group uses creative arts to teach others about the health needs of people with learning disabilities.

PC Westwood said: "The Purple All Stars singing made a wonderful event of the day - I think they really captured the imagination among shoppers and passers-by. We also spoke to lots of people in the town centre about what a hate crime is, encouraging them to report and letting them know where to get support.

"Remember, being different is not a crime but being victimised because of it is. So don't ignore hate - report it."

A hate crime is any criminal offence that is targeted at a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their race, religion, sexual orientation, disability or transgender identity.

More information about what a hate crime is, what support is available and how to report a hate crime is available at this new Hertfordshire website or just type "Herts against hate" into an internet search engine.

Purple All Stars
