```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fail-to-stop collision in Broxbourne are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2017
title: "Appeal after fail-to-stop collision \u2013 Broxbourne"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-fail-to-stop-collision\u2013Broxbourne-1118K"
```

* ### Girl, aged 12, suffered minor leg injuries after being in collision with a black car that failed to stop.

 * ### It happened in Buryholme, Broxbourne, at 8.20am on Friday, November 3.

 * ### Did you witness the collision? Please call 101 quoting ISR 155 of November 3.

Officers investigating a fail-to-stop collision in Broxbourne are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Buryholme, off Cozens Lane East, at 8.20am on Friday, November 3.

The victim, a 12 year old girl, was crossing the road when she was in collision with a medium-sized black car.

The driver, described a black male in his 30s or 40s, failed to stop and drove out on to the main road.

The girl suffered injuries to her leg and was taken to hospital for treatment. She is now recovering at home.

It is believed the vehicle drove into Buryholme to collect a passenger before leaving the cul-de-sac.

PC Stuart Rogers, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident, or saw a car matching the description in the area prior to or following the collision, to please come forward.

"Do you have a dash cam? If you or your car was parked in Buryholme, or you were driving along Cozens Lane East at around 8.20am, we'd be very keen to see your footage."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 155 of November 3 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **

** **
