```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following a sexual assault \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-sexual-assault-hemel-hempstead-2279
```

* ### Do you recognise this person? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### It happened in an alleyway between Wolsey Road and Maynard Road at 2pm on Saturday, December 15

 * ### If you know the person pictured, please call 101 quoting 41/56519/18

Officers investigating a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in an alleyway between Wolsey Road and Maynard Road at 2pm on Saturday, December 15.

The victim, a woman in her 50s, was walking in the direction of the hospital when she was approached by the offender, who attempted to engage her in conversation.

She carried on walking but the offender then touched the victim inappropriately.

The victim went into the hospital and the offender followed, but left when the victim began speaking to someone.

Detective Constable Katherine Stevens, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "I want to reassure the victim and the community that we are doing all we can to identify the offender. We are following several lines of enquiry.

"Do you recognise the person pictured? We believe that he may have been in the area at the time of the incident and witnessed what happened, or have information that could help progress the investigation."

If you know the person pictured, or have any information, please email DC Stevens via _katherine.stevens@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/56519/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, or speak to one of our call operators in the Force Communications Room via online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
