```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three people have been charged in connection with the murder of 23 year old Cameron Hill in Hatfield and another person has also been arrested.
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2019
title: Three charged and another arrested in connection with Hatfield murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-charged-and-another-arrested-in-connection-with-hatfield-murder-0364
```

Three people have been charged in connection with the murder of 23 year old Cameron Hill in Hatfield and another person has also been arrested.

At 1.25am on Monday (June 10), the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in St Peters Close, off St Albans Road West.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services at the scene, and later at Lister Hospital, Cameron, from North Mymms, sadly died.

Three people have now been charged with murder:

 * Christy Bishop, age 37, of St Peters Close, Hatfield.
 * Nicholas Pitts, age 38, of Stockbreach Road, Hatfield.
 * A 16 year old boy from Hatfield.

They appeared at Hatfield Remand Court this morning and were remanded in custody. They will appear for a preliminary hearing St Albans Crown Court on Monday, June 17 at 10am.

A further person has also been arrested on suspicion of murder:

 * A 51 year old man from Hatfield. He remains in police custody at this time.

Following extensive enquiries, a 48 year old man from Bristol, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, has been released with no further action.

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit are leading the investigation and are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information.

Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson said: "I am urging any witnesses or anyone with information to come forward so we can establish the full circumstances surrounding Cameron's death."

"This is an unbearable situation for Cameron's family and we have specialist officers providing them with support.

"Did you see or hear anything unusual or suspicious - a person, people or a vehicle that isn't usually there? If so, please let us know. Any information, however seemingly insignificant may prove vital to our investigation."

Anyone with any information should contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 25 of June 10.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
