```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Next week (Monday, February 19), Hertfordshire Constabulary will be opening recruitment for Police Officers.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2018
title: Interested in becoming a Police Officer for Hertfordshire Constabulary?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Interested-in-becoming-a-Police-Officer-for-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-1620
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary is recruiting Police Officers

 * ### Come to an event on Monday 19th February to find out more

 * ### Register now to reserve your place

Next week (Monday, February 19), Hertfordshire Constabulary will be opening recruitment for Police Officers.

Being a police officer offers a host of amazing opportunities and benefits. A career in policing offers a dynamic working environment with a variety of experiences that may often be challenging but also exceptionally rewarding. No two days are ever the same. It offers a chance to have an impact on people's lives by supporting them in times of need and helping to create a safer community.

Hertfordshire Constabulary will be holding an event on Monday evening (February 19) for potential applicants to gain an insight into this challenging role as well as obtain advice about the application and recruitment process. __

The event takes place at Police Headquarters in Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, starting at 7pm and finishing at 9pm. The evening will consist of an overview of the recruitment process as well the opportunity to speak to Police Officers who will be able to support and advise on how best to prepare for the application process ahead. You will need to register to attend the event via www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk

We are keen to reflect our diverse community with Hertfordshire, so that we may have a greater understanding and are better able to meet its needs. With this in mind, we are seeking to increase the number of PCs from ethnic and cultural backgrounds that are currently under-represented within the Constabulary.

For further information, please visit our recruitment website www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk
