```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Waltham Cross today (2 November 2020).
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal following road traffic collision in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-in-waltham-cross-0823k
```

* Witnesses are being sought to a road traffic collision on Lieutenant Ellis Way, Waltham Cross today (2 November).
 * A black BMW 218I, a white and yellow Mercedes Sprinter maintenance vehicle and a pedestrian were in collision.
 * Call 101 quoting ISR 336 of 2 November if you can help our investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Waltham Cross today (2 November).

Police were called just after 1pm to report that a black BMW 218I, a white and yellow Mercedes Sprinter maintenance vehicle and a pedestrian had been in collision on Lieutenant Ellis Way.

Officers, the East of England Ambulance Service and the air ambulance attended.

The pedestrian, a man in his 50s, was taken to hospital where he remains with serious injuries.

Sergeant Tom Daly, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed this incident, and who hasn't already done so, to make contact with us.

"Additionally, if you have relevant dashcam footage of incident please come forward.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at tom.daly@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 336 of 2 November.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * A 55 year old man from Waltham Cross has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, and failing to stop at the scene of a collision.
