```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The North Herts Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has a new Chief Inspector in post. Jon Roche has recently replaced Sally Phillips, who has taken up a new role at Police Head Quarters in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: New Chief Inspector for North Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-chief-inspector-for-north-herts-1157g
```

* ## North Herts has a new Chief Inspector at the helm.

 * ## Chief Inspector Jon Roche has been with Hertfordshire Constabulary for 20 years and brings a wealth of experience to the job.

The North Herts Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has a new Chief Inspector in post. Jon Roche has recently replaced Sally Phillips, who has taken up a new role at Police Head Quarters in Welwyn Garden City.

A police officer for almost 20 years, Jon started life in the job as a PC in Hatfield. Since then he has worked his way through many of the ranks and roles in Hertfordshire Constabulary.

Jon has worked within a variety of specialist operational roles including covert investigation and armed policing. Following promotion to Sergeant, Jon was posted to Watford as both an Intervention and Response Sergeant and a Case Director before moving to the Tactical Team, now known as the Hertfordshire Operational Support Group. Promotion to Inspector saw Jon move to Broxbourne and East Herts where he worked as an Intervention and Response Inspector, leading the teams of officers who respond to 999 calls.

Jon joins North Herts having enjoyed two years as the Head of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit and said: "I am really pleased to have been offered the North Herts Chief Inspector role. It is a posting I have sought out, which covers an area of policing I am interested in and a district I am passionate about.

"I have always enjoyed 'operational' policing and am delighted to be taking over from Sally. I look forward to building upon the existing strong partnerships in North Herts and getting back to community based policing."

What do you think Jon and his teams should be concentrating on as a policing priority in North Herts? You can use our feedback tool, echo, to tell us what you think should be top of the list.

You can submit your thoughts by filling out the simple form at North Herts echo.

You can also follow the North Herts local policing teams on Facebook (search 'North Herts Police') and on Twitter @NorthHertsPolice.
