```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged altercation in Hitchin on Friday (April 19).
publish:
  date: 21 Apr 2019
title: Appeal following alleged altercation in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-altercation-in-hitchin
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged altercation in Hitchin on Friday (April 19).

At around 9pm, three men were reported to have been involved in a verbal altercation in Moss Way.

Following the altercation, one of the men drove away in a silver Vauxhall Vectra and was involved in a collision with a parked moped, also in Moss Way. No one was injured and the car was later recovered in Swinburne Avenue, Hitchin.

DC Simon Goodship, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened in Moss Way to get in touch so that we can get a clearer picture of the circumstances of the incident.

"If you saw the car driving away, please also get in touch.

"If you can help, please email me at _simon.goodship@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call 101, quoting ISR 782 of April 19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * James Flattery, age 27 of Swinburne Avenue, Hitchin, has been arrested and charged in connection with the incident. He has been remanded and will appear at Hatfield Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Monday, April 22).
