```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been sentenced following a burglary and assault which occurred in Borehamwood last month.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2019
title: Two men sentenced following burglary and assault in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-men-sentenced-following-burglary-and-assault-in-borehamwood-1210j
```

* ## Two men were sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in prison.

 * ## They broke into two properties in Melrose Avenue and stole power tools.

 * ## They were both found guilty of two counts of burglary, and one count of ABH.

Two men have been sentenced following a burglary and assault which occurred in Borehamwood last month.

Aurel Stan, aged 25, and Florin Ghercea, aged 23, both of Melrose Avenue in Borehamwood, appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Monday 9 December. They were both found guilty of two charges of burglary, and one of assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH).

Both Stan and Ghercea were sentenced to three years and four months imprisonment.

On Sunday 10 November, between 6.53am and 7am, the two men gained access to two properties in Furzehill road, and removed a number of power tools. When they were challenged by the victim, they assaulted him, causing him serious injuries.

Detective Constable Andy Paveley, who investigated the case, said: "The victim was understandably shaken by this incident, and sustained serious injuries. This is an excellent result, and I hope both Stan and Ghercea spend their time in prison reflecting on their crimes and the impact they've had on their victim."

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth said: "It is highly unusual for burglaries to involve violence. Evidence and testimonies from convicted offenders confirm that if a burglar thinks someone is home there is much less of a chance they will target that address."

He said: "To help reduce the chances of being a victim of burglary, make your home unattractive to a thief by giving your home a 'lived-in' look, invest in timer switches, doorbell cameras and CCTV and make sure you lock windows and doors, especially at night. Please also call 999 if you suspect a burglary may be in progress - this gives us the best chance of catching someone in the act and stopping other people being burgled. If you see any vehicles acting suspiciously, try and note down the registration numbers if you can and call us straight away on 999. Watch out for your neighbours' properties particularly if you know they are away.

"It's a good idea to keep your high-valuable jewellery at a bank, in a safe or in a non-obvious place. Burglars want to be in and out of an address as quickly as possible and don't want to get caught. Don't make it easy for them."

Hertfordshire Constabulary advises:

 * Use a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 * Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.
 * Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 * Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.
 * Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.
 * Join Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: www.owl.co.uk
 * Visit www.owlprotect.uk for discounts on security products.

If you have any information about a burglar or are reporting a burglary retrospectively, call 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, call 999.

For further crime prevention advice, visit the 'Protect Your Home' page. You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
