```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Broxbourne.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses following robbery in Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery-in-broxbourne-1023
```

* ### The incident happened in New River Park on Friday 25 October

 * ### The victim's phone and earphones were stolen

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Broxbourne.

The incident happened in New River Park, on Station Road, on Friday 25 October at around 11.15pm.

The victim was walking through the park towards Wormley, when he was approached by five suspects. One of the suspects punched him in the face and pushed him against a tree, and allegedly held a flick knife to his throat.

He has been described as a white male, wearing a grey hoody.

The victim's phone and earphones were stolen, but he was uninjured.

The suspects left in the direction of Churchfields.

Detective Constable Claire Sprent, who is investigating, said: "We are appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time, who may have witnessed the incident take place or witnessed suspicious behaviour, to get in contact with us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/97026/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
