```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Stevenage town centre.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2021
title: Witness appeal following indecent exposure in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-stevenage-1121e
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a report of indecent exposure in Stevenage.

 * ### The incident took place around 9am on Wednesday 20 January in Queensway.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/4701/21 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Stevenage town centre.

At around 9am last Wednesday (20 January) a man was reportedly seen exposing himself in Queensway.

Detective Constable Hunni Glanville, who is investigating, said: "We are looking to hear from anyone who may have witnessed this incident to come forward and speak to us.

"If there are any members of the public that remember seeing anyone acting suspiciously in the area at the time please get in touch.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at _hunni.glanville@herts.pnn.police.uk_ "

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/4701/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

A 30 year old man from Bedfordshire was arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure and has been released on court bail.
