```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to four years and six months in prison after he was found in possession of class A drugs in Hatfield town centre.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2020
title: Man jailed following drugs offences in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-following-drugs-offences-in-hatfield-1529
```

A man has been sentenced to four years and six months in prison after he was found in possession of class A drugs in Hatfield town centre.

Tyler Savill, age 22 and of no fixed abode, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (6 March) where he was found guilty of the following offences:

 * Possession of class A drugs (cocaine) with intent to supply
 * Possession of class A drugs (diamorphine) with intent to supply

Savill was arrested in Market Place, Hatfield on 12 November 2018. Officers from Operation Scorpion - a special unit of officers who tackle acquisitive crime - found Savill in possession of eight wraps of cocaine and two wraps of diamorphine (heroin) along with hundreds of pounds worth of cash.

He was immediately arrested, with officers seizing the drugs and cash.

On Friday, the court ruled that alongside the custodial sentence, the cash must be forfeited and the drugs must be destroyed. A phone which he used for dealing will also be destroyed.

PC Jonathan Currie, from Operation Scorpion, said: "I am glad that another drug dealer is now behind bars and I hope that residents of Welwyn Hatfield feel reassured by this result.

"We take a strong stance against drug dealing because we understand the awful impact it has on the local community. Operation Scorpion will continue to do all we can to disrupt the drugs trade and ensure that Welwyn Hatfield is a safe place to live and work.

"The public play a vital role in helping us to build intelligence. If you have any information about drug dealing in Welwyn Hatfield please do not hesitate to report it. Even a small bit of information could be the missing part of the jigsaw that means we can make an arrest or carry out a warrant."

If you are worried or have information about drugs in your local area, please call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
