```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following consultation with residents and councillors, the three Safer neighbourhood priorities have been set and agreed for St Albans Central, North and West.
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2020
title: New policing priorities set for St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-policing-priorities-set-for-st-albans-0640f
```

* ## The three Safer neighbourhood priorities have been set and agreed for St Albans Central, North and West.

 * ## They are criminal damage to motor vehicles, supporting covid guidelines and drug dealing.

 * ## Follow the team on Facebook and Twitter @StAlbansPolice.

Following consultation with residents and councillors, the three Safer neighbourhood priorities have been set and agreed for St Albans Central, North and West.

St Albans Central, North and West covers the St Peters, Sopwell, Verulam, Batchwood, Clarence, Marshalswick South, Marshalswick North and Jersey Farm.

They were agreed at a Priority Setting Forum held last week attended by local Councillors and Resident Associations.

The priorities for each neighbourhood are reviewed every three months. Each neighbourhood team deals with short and long termer neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour with local partners including the council and schools to achieve this. Harpenden and Rural and the London Colney, St Stephens and St Albans East are due to be reviewed later this month.

_St Albans Central, North and West_ Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Paul Caro said: "We have been asking residents what they think we should be tackling, the issues that really affect their quality of life. We have done this through our virtual police 'surgeries' and through the Constabulary's Community Voice platform Echo.

"Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter to find out what is happening locally."

The latest priorities are:

 * _Criminal Damage to motor vehicles in around the Aboyne area. _Although the number of offences has reduced, there were 11 incidents in the last three months. We are continuing high-visibility patrols but would like to speak to anyone who has any information about this, please contact us on 101.
 * _High visibility patrols in green spaces to help support social distancing and the evolving response to the Covid-19 pandemic. _Officers will be regularly patrolling green spaces and parks. If you see anyone contravening Government guidance or have any concerns, please report it for everyone's safety.
 * _Drug dealing in St Albans._ Hot spots have been identified within each ward and drugs warrants will be carried out across the neighbourhood. If you suspect your neighbours may be involved, please call us in confidence on 101 or you can report online (details below).

You can tell us your view via echo - simply go to bit.ly/police-stalbans and have your say.

Follow us on Facebook and Twitter **@ St Albans Police**.

You can report information or intelligence online or by speaking to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. You can also call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
