```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has appeared at crown court charged with murder following the death of a 28 year old man from Hertford.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2018
title: Man charged with murder following death in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-murder-following-death-in-hertford-0326A
```

* ### A man has appeared at crown court charged with murder following the death of a 28 year old Hertford man.

 * ### Police discovered the body of a man in woodland in Hertford on Saturday, May 26.

 * ### Terry Fryatt, aged 30, has been charged with murder.

 * ### He appeared at St Albans Crown Court where he was remanded in custody.

A man has appeared at crown court charged with murder following the death of a 28 year old man from Hertford.

Terry Fryatt, aged 30, of Horns Close, Hertford, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Saturday (June 2) where he was remanded in custody. He appeared at St Albans Crown Court today (June 5) where he was again remanded in custody. The next court hearing has been set for November 5 at St Albans.

Police were called at 9.35pm on Saturday, May 26 to reports of concern for the welfare of a man in woodland off Bullocks Lane, Hertford.

Officers immediately attended the scene and discovered that a man had sadly died.

Anyone with information about the death is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Palstave or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."
