```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police arrested a man on suspicion of the theft of a motor vehicle three minutes after it was stolen in St Albans yesterday morning (Wednesday April 4).
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2018
title: Man quickly arrested for car theft in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-quickly-arrested-for-car-theft-in-StAlbans-0020F
```

* ### Man arrested on suspicion of theft of a car three minutes after it was reported.

 * ### Victims quick-thinking and officers' swift response helped victim get her car back.

 * ### Remember to keep your car and house keys away from your front door, look out for your neighbours and report any suspected crimes in progress on 999.

Police arrested a man on suspicion of the theft of a motor vehicle three minutes after it was stolen in St Albans on Wednesday April 4.

The owner was disturbed just before 3am in Beaumont Avenue and quickly alerted police as she watched her Volvo XC90 being driven away.

Three minutes later, Vidmantas Bagdonas, aged 29, of Newton Street in Southport, Merseyside, was arrested in Drakes Drive at the junction with London Road.

He has subsequently been charged with theft of a motor vehicle and having no insurance. He is due to attend Central West Herts magistrates Court on April 24, 2018.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick said: "This was a key less theft following a trend where offenders are using sophisticated devices to open and start vehicles. I am really pleased that due to the victim's quick thinking and officers' swift response, we were able to reunite her with her car.

Please remember to keep your car and house keys away from your front door, look out for your neighbours and report any suspected crimes in progress on 999."
