```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eleven new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Tuesday, July 24.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2018
title: Eleven new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/eleven-new-special-constables-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-0557all
```

* ### Eleven new volunteer Special Constables join Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary.

 * ### They have completed an 11 week training course and have the same powers as regular officers.

 * ### If you'd like to join, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk

Eleven new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Tuesday, July 24.

During eleven weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those that graduated are:

 * **James Whybrow** , who will be based at Hemel Hempstead Police Station
 * **George Georgiou** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station
 * **Peter Martin** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station
 * **Michael Stevens** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station
 * **Helen Lambley** , who will be based at Hitchin Police Station
 * **Carl Powell** , who will be based at Hitchin Police Station
 * **Scott Wilson** , who will be based at Hitchin Police Station
 * **Edward Franklin** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station
 * **Samuel Cayton** , who will be based at Hatfield Police Station
 * **Leanne Bridges** , who will be based at Hatfield Police Station
 * **Rhys Grainger** , who will be based at Hatfield Police Station

They were joined by their family and friends.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

**Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant awarded the Specials with their certificates. He said:** "It is a great honour to welcome these new Special Constables to the Constabulary. The work they do is vital in helping us to police the county. I want to wish them all well as they now move on to undertake this important role within the communities of Hertfordshire."

**Special Constabulary Superintendent, Joanne Reay said:** "It gives me a great sense of pride to welcome these new Special Constables into the team. They have worked so hard to get this point and I have no doubt, as they start their first duties, they will find this a genuinely rewarding volunteering role. Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and making a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. Each of our new colleagues will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire."

**Kevin McGetrick, Head of Victims Services and Commissioning for the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, said:** "As these new recruits embark on their journey with the Special Constabulary it was particularly pleasing to see the depth of support to wish them well, not only from friends and family but civic dignitaries and local councillors. This demonstrates the admiration of people in Hertfordshire for those individuals who have volunteered to help keep our communities safe."

**Recruitment of Special Constables** ** **

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of modern slavery, human trafficking, child sexual exploitation, cybercrime, domestic abuse and prisoner processing.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.

Eleven new Special Constables
