```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men were arrested in Stevenage yesterday afternoon (Wednesday October 3) after officers from the Operation Scorpion Team acted on information received about drug dealing in the area.
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2018
title: Three arrested for drugs offences in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-for-drugs-offences-in-stevenage-1865E
```

* ### Three more arrested for drug offences in Stevenage.

 * ### More than 100 wraps of suspected Class A and around £800 of cash seized.

 * ### Cannabis plants recovered after a nearby address searched.

Three men were arrested in Stevenage yesterday afternoon (Wednesday October 3) after officers from the Operation Scorpion Team acted on information received about drug dealing in the area.

The men were arrested at 1.25pm in Millennium Gardens.

An 18 year old man from Stevenage was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug and for being in possession with intent to supply a controlled drug. He has been released under investigation.

Two 17 year old boys, also from Stevenage, were also arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug. They have been released under investigation.

More than 100 wraps of what is believed to be class A drugs, around £800 of cash and numerous phones were also seized at the time.

Following the arrests a nearby property in Emperor Gate was subsequently searched and a quantity of cannabis plants removed.

Commenting on the arrests, Chief Inspector for Stevenage, Alicia Shaw said: "We are completely committed to tackling the issue of drug crime in Stevenage. Our teams are working very hard and numerous arrests have been made recently with many more to follow.

"I am always impressed by the support from the local community - your information is vital to our work and I would like to encourage people to continue to report any concerns regarding drug issues or any crime to us.

"I want to send a clear message to those that think it is ok to deal drugs in our town, that they won't be tolerated and we will continue our work to rid Stevenage of drug crime and to keep the community safe."

Anyone with any information about drug activity can report it via the non-emergency number 101, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
