```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for two witnesses who came to the victim\u2019s aid to make contact with police."
publish:
  date: 1 May 2018
title: Appeal following road rage incident in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-road-rage-incident-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-0142B
```

* ### Officers would like to speak to two people who witnessed a road rage incident in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### They came to the aid of a motorist after he was repeatedly punched while in Peartree Lane on the afternoon of Thursday, April 5.

 * ### Anyone who saw the incident is asked to contact PC Darren Turner.

Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for two witnesses who came to the victim's aid to make contact with police.

Between 1.15pm and 1.30pm on Thursday, April 5, the victim - a man aged in his 40s - was travelling along Peartree Lane close to the mini roundabout with Tewin Road when he beeped the motorist in front of him because he was driving erratically.

The offender stopped his vehicle and got out. He approached the victim's car and repeatedly punched him through an open window. The offender then got back into his vehicle and made off.

He is described as being a tall white man, aged in his 40s or 50s, of medium build with short brown hair and stubble on his face, with a longer moustache. He was wearing a dark hoodie with lighter trousers.

PC Darren Turner, who is investigating, said: "The victim has told me that two people came to his aid following the incident to check he was OK. I would like to speak to these people as they may have information that could help our investigation.

"I would also like to speak to any other motorists who were in the area at the time and witnessed the incident to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Turner, call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference B1/18/1264 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
