```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision involving a bus and a pedestrian in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2019
title: "Appeal for witnesses after fatal collision \u2013 Rickmansworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-fatal-collision-rickmansworth-0377
```

* ### Did you witness a collision between a female pedestrian and a bus in Rickmansworth today (June 15)?

 * ### Sadly the pedestrian, in her 60s, suffered fatal injuries and passed away at the scene

 * ### If you can help, please contact police with the reference 'Operation Triatic'

Officers investigating a fatal collision involving a bus and a pedestrian in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on the High Street, at the junction with Station Road, just before 2.30pm today (Saturday, June 15).

The pedestrian, a woman in her 60s, suffered serious injuries after being in collision with the double-decker bus.

An air ambulance was dispatched to the incident but she sadly passed away at the scene. The bus driver, a man, remained at the scene and is assisting police with their enquiries. He nor any of the passengers were injured.

The pedestrian's next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers.

Road closures were put in place for several hours to allow for investigators to fully assess the scene, but these were lifted just after 6.30pm today.

Sergeant Martin Kemp, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family of the lady who lost her life today. It was a very distressing incident and I want to thank the public for their patience and understanding while we worked at the scene alongside our colleagues from the fire and ambulance service.

"We have launched an investigation and will now work hard to establish the exact circumstances of what happened.

"I know officers spoke to several people at the scene today however if you are a witness and have not yet made contact with us, we would really like to speak to you.

"We would also be keen to speak to anyone who was driving in the immediate vicinity just before 2.30pm today and has a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, as you may have captured vital footage.

"You can email me directly at _martin.kemp@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , quoting **Operation Triatic** in the subject line.

"You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here: _www.herts.police.uk/contact_

"You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
