```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Potters Bar are inviting people to join them on Saturday (5 December) to get their bicycles security marked for free.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Get your bike security marked this weekend
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/get-your-bike-security-marked-this-weekend-0940j
```

* ## Get your bike security marked for free this weekend.

 * ## We'll be outside Sainsbury's in Potters Bar Saturday morning.

 * ## Bike marking can deter thieves.

Police in Potters Bar are inviting people to join them on Saturday (5 December) to get their bicycles security marked for free.

The team will be outside Sainsbury's in Darkes Lane between 10am and midday, and will also be offering crime prevention advice about how to keep your bicycles secure.

PC Paul Francis from the Potters Bar Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "I'd urge people to join us on Saturday. We will be permanently and visibly marking bikes with a unique ID code which is applied to the bike frame on a tamper resistant QR label. This code proves ownership and places the details on the The BikeRegister (opens in a new window) secure national database. Not only does the register deter thieves, it also alerts police that the bike is registered, so if it is stolen and then recovered, the code can be checked on the database to verify the true owner and we can return it."

The following advice will also help to keep your bike more secure:

 * Invest in good quality security **. **Spend between 10-15per cent of the value of the bike on its security.
 * Lock your bike frame AND wheels TO something with two different types of lock! Just using a chain and lock around a bike frame and wheels without locking it to something sturdy leaves your bike vulnerable to being taken. But locking only the frame or the wheels to something could result in unsecured parts being stolen.
 * Use a chain and D-lock combination - avoid cable locks. Cable locks offer little deterrent to thieves as they are easy to cut with basic cable cutters, hacksaws and even wire-cutters. See our advice and recommendations below on locks.
 * Lock your bike to something secure. Where possible secure your bike to a bike rack, pedestrian railings or some other large and tough object. Avoid locking to street signage - some are not very high, which makes it easy to lift bikes over the top of the post. Thieves may also un-bolt the sign to do this.
 * Natural surveillance **.** Lock your bike where you can see it. If this is not possible, find a busy area.
 * Security at home **. **Most bicycles are stolen from home so ensure your sheds, outbuildings and garages are secure. Consider installing ground anchors if you have a concrete floor. If not, look for security rated products specifically for wooden and metal sheds.
 * Bike registration **.** Register your bike on The BikeRegister (opens in a new window), a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.

You can find further advice on securing bicycles and other valuables on our Herts Police website, protect your property advice.

If you have any information about the bike thefts call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
