```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Farmers and local landowners from across South Hertfordshire met up to chat through rural issues at a special barn meet on Monday November 12..
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2018
title: Barn meet held in South Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/barn-meet-held-in-southherts-2083BJ
```

* ### Landowners and farmers in South Hertfordshire meet to talk about rural crime.

 * ### Chief Constable and PCC attend the barn meet to discuss rural issues.

 * ### Local Safer Neighbourhood Team and senior officers on hand to give advice.

Farmers and local landowners from across South Hertfordshire met up to chat through rural issues at a special barn meet on Monday November 12.

More than 60 rural residents met with the Chief Constable, Charlie Hall; Police and Crime commissioner, David Lloyd and senior police officers from Hertsmere, Welwyn and Hatfield and St Albans, at Crossoaks Farm near Borehamwood.

They were also joined by Sergeant Jamie Bartlett from the Rural Operational Support Team (ROST), Ros David from the National Farmers Union and officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

Sergeant Bartlett said: "The barn meets are popular events which enable the rural communities of Hertfordshire to meet with police and partner agencies to discuss issues which affect them on a daily basis."

The Chief Constable and the PCC addressed the attendees, talking about what the police and partner agencies are doing to tackle rural crime.

The audience then had the opportunity to ask questions and the subjects covered included fly tipping, reporting and responding to rural crimes and rural police resources.

Sergeant Bartlett added: "The meeting is also a chance for partners to catch up and learn about new rural initiatives to tackle not only crime but any rural issue.

"Our rural communities are very important to us and we understand that they have specific policing needs. It was great to see so many people at the event."

Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd added: "The barn meet is a good opportunity to hear from the general farming community on the rural crime issues affecting them.

"My office takes these matters very seriously and provides funding to support partnership schemes around fly tipping and other problems including the purchase of new cameras for deployment at fly tipping hotspots across the county.

"We recognise that there remains a lot more work to be done and we will continue to encourage and work with the Constabulary and other partners on tackling these challenges."

###
