```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an attempted robbery in South Oxhey are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 28 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-south-oxhey-2295c
```

* ### At around 5.30pm on December 13, a group of men attempted to rob a 15 year old boy in Muirfield Road, South Oxhey.

 * ### After the group tried to steal his phone, the teenager managed to run away and get into an Uber.

 * ### If you have any other information that can help the investigation please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/67387/18.

Officers investigating an attempted robbery in South Oxhey are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

The incident happened at around 5.30pm on Thursday, December 13.

The victim, a 15 year old boy, was walking along Muirfield Road, listening to music on his phone and wearing his earphones.

He was approached by a group of six white men, after which an altercation ensued with two men in the group when they tried to steal the victim's phone.

The victim managed to run away and get into an Uber which someone else had booked.

Investigator Rahul Thaker, from the Rickmansworth Local Crime Unit, said: "I would like to reassure residents that we are doing all we can to trace those responsible.

"If you have any other information that can help the investigation, or if you witnessed this incident, please email or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/67387/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
