```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for 9 years and 8 months after pleading guilty to assaulting his former partner.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2020
title: Hemel Hempstead man jailed for domestic abuse
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hemel-hempstead-man-jailed-for-domestic-abuse-0232
```

* ### A man has been jailed for 9 years and 8 months for domestic abuse offences.

 * ### Ryan Brady, aged 26 and from Hemel Hempstead, pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent and assault occasioning actual bodily harm.

 * ### His partner was subjected to violence and abuse throughout their relationship.

A man has been jailed for 9 years and 8 months after pleading guilty to assaulting his former partner.

Ryan Brady, aged 26 and from Hemel Hempstead, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court today (Thursday 18 June) for grievous bodily harm with intent and assault occasioning actual bodily harm.

The court heard that on Saturday 21 December, Brady was driving with the victim and started an argument about how she hadn't made plans with him for the next week, and proceeded to punch her.

Brady then drove to a quiet country lane, parked up and dragged the victim out of the vehicle before repeatedly punching her in the ribs. Brady then took her phone from her, and made threats to kill her. He then continued to punch her in the back of the head, and then used his knees to hit her in the ribs.

Brady then drove them both back to their address, where he continued his assault. Brady pushed the victim to the floor, punching and kicking her in the ribs, before strangling her to the point where she lost consciousness.

On the morning of Sunday 22 December, Brady again strangled the victim while she was in bed, with his knees on her ribs to prevent her from moving. The victim was then thrown to the floor, and Brady stamped on her ribs once again.

Brady was arrested later that day, after his victim bravely alerted family to call the police.

DC Vicky Sexton, who investigated the case, said: "Brady's victim was subjected to the most horrific ordeal, not just over these two days but throughout the entirety of their relationship. In this incident she sustained serious injuries, including multiple broken ribs, a collapsed lung, a 50% laceration across one of her kidneys and liver damage.

"I hope this sentence brings some comfort to her; she suffered a great deal of trauma because of Brady. I'd like to take this opportunity to commend her for the bravery she has shown, throughout both the investigation and the court case. I hope Brady uses his time in prison to reflect on his behaviour, and the needless suffering he's caused his victim."

**_Clare's Law gives people a right to know or a right to ask police whether a partner has a violent past. If you live in Hertfordshire you canapply online. _**

**_If you are the victim of domestic abuse, you can go to theHerts Sunflower website for advice and support, or call the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline on 08 088 088 088, which is open weekdays from 9am to 9pm and weekends from 9am to 4pm. If you feel your life is in danger, always dial 999._**
