```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested and charged following a burglary in Furzehill Road, Borehamwood, on Sunday 10 November.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2019
title: Are you doing enough to protect your home from burglars?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/are-you-doing-enough-to-protect-your-home-from-burglars-1026f
```

* ## Two men have been arrested and charged following a burglary in Furzehill Road.

 * ## The victim contacted police quickly and officers attended the address, making arrests following a search of the area.

 * ## To help reduce the chances of being a victim of burglary, make your home unattractive to a thief by giving your home a 'lived-in' look, invest in timer switches, doorbell cameras and CCTV and make sure you lock windows and doors, especially at night.

Two men have been arrested and charged following a burglary in Furzehill Road, Borehamwood, on Sunday 10 November.

Shortly before 7am it was reported that power tools had been stolen from a property. Attempts were then made to access a shed at a neighbouring address. An altercation occurred after a resident intervened, during which they suffered injuries.

However they have then been challenged by a resident, following which an altercation has occurred, where the resident has suffered injuries.

The victim contacted police quickly and officers attended the address, making arrests following a search of the area.

Florin Chercea, age 23, and Aurel Stan, age 25, both of Melrose Avenue in Borehamwood have been charged with burglary and a non-dwelling burglary and GBH. They are due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on December 9, 2019.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth said: "It is highly unusual for burglaries to involve violence. Evidence and testimonies from convicted offenders confirm that if a burglar thinks someone is home there is much less of a chance they will target that address. Make sure it is not yours."

He said: "To help reduce the chances of being a victim of burglary, make your home unattractive to a thief by giving your home a 'lived-in' look, invest in timer switches, doorbell cameras and CCTV and make sure you lock windows and doors, especially at night. Please also call 999 if you suspect a burglary may be in progress - this gives us the best chance of catching someone in the act and stopping other people being burgled. If you see any vehicles acting suspiciously, try and note down the registration numbers if you can and call us straight away on 999. Watch out for your neighbours' properties particularly if you know they are away."

He added: "It's a good idea to keep your high-valuable jewellery at a bank, in a safe or in a non-obvious place. Burglars want to be in and out of an address as quickly as possible and don't want to get caught. Don't make it easy for them."

Hertfordshire Constabulary advises:

 1. Use a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 2. Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.
 3. Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 4. Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.
 5. Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.

If you have any information about a burglar or are reporting a burglary retrospectively, call 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, call 999.

For further crime prevention advice, visit the 'Protect Your Home' page
