```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Three people were arrested after PCSOs spotted suspected fraudulent work being carried out on a home in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2020
title: "Three arrested on suspicion of fraud in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-on-suspicion-of-fraud-in-bishops-stortford-0867
```

* ### PCSOs on patrol spotted works being carried out on a roof in the Stansted Road area.

 * ### It was established that the occupant had not asked for the work to be done.

 * ### Three people were arrested and have been released under investigation.

Three people were arrested after PCSOs spotted suspected fraudulent work being carried out on a home in Bishop's Stortford.

The officers were on patrol on Wednesday 11 November when they came across three males carrying out work on the roof of a property in the Stansted Road area.

They established that no paperwork had been signed for the works to take place and the occupant, a woman aged in her late 70s, confirmed to officers that she had not requested the works to be done.

It was reported that a group of males had attended the address that morning and offered to carry out a roof survey.

A 25-year-old man, a 30-year-old man and a 16-year old boy were arrested on suspicion of fraud by false representation and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Ben Freeman, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Enquiries are continuing at this time to establish the circumstances around the incident. I am appealing for anyone who may have been approached in a similar manner to please contact police."

He continued: "I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to remain vigilant around anyone who knocks on your door, offering to carry out work. Fraudulent tradesmen have been known to use this tactic and will often target older members of the community, pressuring them into having unnecessary work done and paying well above the odds for it.

"There are many, many reputable tradesmen out there so, if you do need work done, please ensure you do your research or ask a trusted friend or family member for a recommendation."

If you have been approached in suspicious circumstances, or have information which may assist our enquiries you can report this online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
