```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Ware.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following assault in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-ware-1349a
```

* ## The incident happened outside Sala Thai restaurant in the High Street on Friday (24 January).

 * ## A woman in her sixties was punched by another woman.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should contact PC Sue Loughran on 101 or via email at sue.loughran@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/7910/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Ware.
The incident happened outside Sala Thai restaurant in the High Street on Friday (24 January).

At around 7.15pm, the victim - a woman in her sixties - was involved in a verbal altercation with the offender.

The offender, described as a white woman in her late thirties, kicked the victim's vehicle before grabbing her by the hair. This caused them to fall to the floor with the victim hitting her back on a kerb and hurting her ribcage.

The offender then repeatedly punched the victim on the face causing bruising and a haemorrhage to her eye socket.

A male who was with the offender intervened and pulled the offender away. They then got into a dark coloured BMW and drove off.

The offender is described as a white woman, aged in her late thirties, of a stocky build and around 5ft 6-7in tall. She had straight shoulder-length dark blonde hair. At the time of the offence, she was wearing dark coloured baggy clothing.

PC Sue Loughran, who is investigating, said: "This was a nasty attack and I am appealing for the public's help.

"Did you see what happened? Or did you see the vehicle driving away?

"If you witnessed the assault, or have any information about the incident, please get in touch. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation.

"If you can help, please contact me by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me quoting crime reference 41/7910/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
