```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new initiative to help solve and prevent rural crime is being rolled out in East Herts.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2018
title: Dash cams to be rolled out across rural East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Dash-cams-to-be-rolled-out-across-rural-East-Herts-A
```

* ### Dash Cams rolled out to farmers and landowners in East Herts.

 * ### New initiative to help prevent and capture rural crime.

 * ### Helping officers get a clearer picture of criminal activity in remote areas.

A new initiative to help solve and prevent rural crime is being rolled out in East Herts.

Thanks to funding from Hertfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner, farmers and local landowners in rural East Herts are being provided with dash cams for their vehicles.

"We rely heavily on our farming communities in the rural areas to be our eyes and ears, and they are very good at it," explained Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald. "But we want to make them even more effective by giving them the means to capture evidence and intelligence when they are out and about.

"East Herts has many vast rural areas and the large network of off road tracks provides offenders with many escape routes. We have a number of off road police vehicles, but now with the help of our farmers and landowners we will be able to get a clearer picture of what is going on in the area."

Rural Sergeant Duncan Wallace added: "These dash cams also directly contribute towards the delivery of the Constabulary's Rural Policing Plan, specifically the areas of getting others involved, whilst enhancing our ability to keep people safe and catch criminals."

Funding for the cameras came from Operation Stomp, which is supported by the Police and Crime Commissioner's Community Safety Grant. This fund supports work with partner organisations that play a vital role in keeping Hertfordshire's communities safe.

David Lloyd who puts rural crime high on his agenda said: "Rural areas in Hertfordshire have been effected by specific crimes, such as: fly tipping, hare coursing and anti-social driving.

"Operation Stomp is a great example of the community and partners coming together to protect the most vulnerable in our neighbourhoods from the challenges that blight their communities, whilst also supporting the ambitions of my community safety grant.

"My policing strategy relies on concerted partnership effort and established mechanisms to support joint working and initiatives like OP Stomp to help keep our communities safe."

For more information and to see the dash cams in action follow this link.
