```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 17-year-old boy from Watford has been charged with murder in connection with an incident at an address in the town.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2019
title: 17-year-old from Watford charged with murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/17-year-old-from-watford-charged-with-murder-1188
```

* ### Police were called to an address in Clarke Way, Watford to a report of a woman with suspected stab wounds.

 * ### A 17-year-old boy was arrested at the scene on suspicion of murder.

 * ### The incident is believed to be isolated, and no one else is being sought in connection with the investigation at this time.

A 17-year-old boy from Watford has been charged with murder in connection with an incident at an address in the town.

Police were called at around 5.10pm on Monday (16 December) to a report of a woman with suspected stab wounds at a property in Clarke Way, Watford.

The victim was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today.

Detective Inspector Iain Macpherson, who is investigating, said: "Our thoughts remain with the family and friends of the victim. They are being supported by specialist officers, and we would ask that their privacy is respected at what continues to be a very difficult time for them.

"We understand that an incident of this nature is always going to cause concern within the local community. I want to take this opportunity to reassure the public that we do believe this to be an isolated incident, and that no one else is being sought in connection with the investigation at this time.

"This is a complex and ongoing investigation, and we are continuing with our enquiries to establish the exact circumstances around her death."

Anyone with information that could assist the on-going investigation is asked to contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via 101, quoting reference ISR 523 of 16 December, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
