```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CHelp us to help remove drugs from our streets,\u201D said Hertsmere Chief Inspector Clare Smith. \u201CAlthough we don\u2019t have a big problem in Hertsmere, we are targeted by people coming in from London.\u201D"
publish:
  date: 2 Apr 2019
title: You can help us tackle drugs in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/you-can-help-us-tackle-drugs-in-hertsmere-0005j
```

"Help us to help remove drugs from our streets," said Hertsmere Chief Inspector Clare Smith. "Although we don't have a big problem in Hertsmere, we are targeted by people coming in from London."

She continued: "We know who our drug dealers are and we regularly work with the Met and other forces to regularly visit suspected dealers, we make arrests when we can and carry out drugs warrants based on information from the public. Without this, it's very difficult to build up a picture of the true extent of it and make a positive difference."

She said: "However, it's not all about arresting people as sadly, some of these individuals have been exploited by groups of people, known as County Lines* gangs. They recruit children to deal their drugs and sometimes develop controlling relationships with them that can include violence or child sexual exploitation. These gangs also take over homes belonging to vulnerable people to develop a drug dealing base. If you have been approached in this way, please speak to us in confidence so that we can help you.

"Please also check what your older children are getting up to - unfortunately it has become more common for professionals mostly aged in their 20s and 30s to use cocaine recreationally and whilst they may not think they are doing anything wrong, they are in fact contributing to the wider drug problem."

She said: "For those who need the help of support services, we will work with our partner agencies to help them longer-term to break the cycle. This in turn, will help reduce crime as drugs users often commit crime to fuel their habits, including burglary, theft from motor vehicles and shoplifting."

You can report information online at **www.herts.police.uk/Report** _, call the non-emergency number **101** or if you'd like to remain completely anonymous call Crimestoppers on_ **0800 555 111** or submit details via their untraceable online form at **www.crimestoppers-uk.org**.

** **

* **What is County Lines?**

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.
