```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CThere has been a significant rise in burglaries across the St Albans district this fortnight with Harpenden, Bricket Wood, Chiswell Green and Fleetville being targeted. Unfortunately this time of year generally sees an increase in burglaries and the district of St Albans is a popular target due to the excellent travel network and its reputation as an affluent area."
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2017
title: "Burglary increase across St Albans district \u2013 Don\u2019t be a victim this Christmas"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Burglary-increase-across-St-Albans-district-Don\u2019t-be-a-victim-this-Christmas"
```

* There has been a significant rise in burglaries across the St Albans district.
 * Residents are being reminded to remain vigilant and secure their homes.
 * A number people have already been arrested in connection with offences and property has been returned to victims.

"There has been a significant rise in burglaries across the St Albans district this fortnight with Harpenden, Bricket Wood, Chiswell Green and Fleetville being targeted. Unfortunately this time of year generally sees an increase in burglaries and the district of St Albans is a popular target due to the excellent travel network and its reputation as an affluent area.

"The most popular time of day still appears to be afternoons and evenings when it starts to get dark. Cars on driveways have been stolen during burglaries in Bricket Wood, Park Street and Fleetville and jewellery has also been the property of choice. We have seen a number of break ins where windows and doors have been jemmied open and glass smashed to gain entry but also front doors have been forced," said Detective Inspector Alex Warwick.

"The good news is that there have been increased patrols both overt and covert during key times and a lot of hard work by officers to prevent and detect these crimes resulting in a number of recent arrests of suspects in connection with these offences and property has been recovered.

"In particular three cars that were stolen during burglaries in St Albans have been reunited with their owners. Significant on-going work is in hand to gather enough evidence to charge offenders and bring them to justice.

"No-one wants to be burgled and the psychological impact on victims is even worse at this time of year. We have had valuable assistance from eagle eyed members of the community who have reported suspicious activity resulting in the recovery of property and key investigative leads.

"This issue is a community problem not just a police problem and I would urge the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity via 101 or the webchat facility on our website www.herts.police.uk . If you see a burglary in progress don't hesitate to call us on 999."

Operation Granite is the countywide name for a burglary prevention campaign that has been running since October to target suspects and encourage the use of technological advances in crime prevention.

DI Warwick said: "I'd encourage residents to invest in security devices, including timer switches and CCTV and other cameras. Securely lock away gardening equipment in garages or sheds so that it cannot assist offenders in breaking into your property, join Neighbourhood Watch where you will receive free emails about crime in your local area, double lock front doors and watch out for neighbours' properties when they are away."

Recent positive results include:

Andrew Rawlings, age 29, of Denton Close in Luton, was arrested and charged with a burglary where a Mercedes was stolen from an address in Mount Drive Park Street on November 27. The Mercedes has been recovered.

A 14 year old boy, two 17-year-old boys and a 24-year-old man were arrested in connection with a burglary in St Lawrence Way, Bricket Wood, where an Audi A6 was stolen on November 29. The Audi has been recovered.

A 41 year old woman and a 22 year old man were arrested at an address in St Albans on suspicion of handling stolen goods on December 14 and enquiries are currently on-going.

A 42 year old man has been arrested in Surrey today (December 15) after he was wanted for a series of burglaries across the Home Counties including a recent offence in Redbourn.
