```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership (HMSP) will launch a new website on May, 13, to help tackle modern slavery in the county.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2019
title: New website launched to tackle modern slavery in Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-website-launched-to-tackle-modern-slavery-in-hertfordshire-0126
```

* ### New website launched to tackle modern slavery in Hertfordshire

 * ### The www.stopexploitationherts.org.uk site will be online from May 13

 * ### The site provides a one stop shop for information and advice for local residents

The Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership (HMSP) will launch a new website on May, 13, to help tackle modern slavery in the county.

The new site, www.stopexploitationherts.org.uk, will provide a one stop shop for information and advice for residents, businesses and professionals who may encounter those at risk of exploitation. The website is also designed to help those suffering from exploitation, by signposting them to support services and giving information about their legal rights.

The website has been developed by the HMSP, which is a partnership between Hertfordshire Constabulary, Shiva Foundation, Hertfordshire County Council, NHS Trusts, the Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire and many other local organisations.

**Mark Harvey, Operations Director for Adult Disabilities and Mental Health Services at Hertfordshire County Council and chair of the Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership, said:** "The new website builds on the work the partnership has been doing over the last two years in the county and will help raise awareness of human trafficking and modern slavery in the wider community. Hertfordshire is forward thinking in its approach to protecting and caring for those who may have been exploited, or are currently at risk of being abused or neglected. The website will provide a lifeline for those suffering abuse as well as making sure that the signs of exploitation do not go unnoticed and unreported."

**Kat Rolle, Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership Coordinator, said:** "Along with other members of the Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership, we have worked hard to reach this important milestone to raise awareness of an often neglected and forgotten issue. This website will offer the right support to everyone including professionals suspecting something isn't right as well as businesses looking at how to write a modern slavery statement. We hope that the launch of this website will encourage people to take action."
