```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting a bike marking event with Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council on Monday 11 November.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2019
title: Officers hold bike marking event at Welwyn Garden City Police Station
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-hold-bike-marking-event-at-welwyn-garden-city-police-station-0989
```

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting a bike marking event with Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council on Monday 11 November.

The event will be hosted between 4pm and 6pm outside Welwyn Garden City Police Station (Rosanne House, Parkway, AL8 6HG).

Marking bikes makes them less attractive to thieves, as they are harder to sell on. It also means they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily should they ever get lost or stolen.

PCSO Cameron Abraham said: "Tackling bike theft in Welwyn Garden City town centre is one of our key priorities. Working alongside the council, we are doing all we can to eradicate the problem.

"Bike marking only takes a couple of seconds and it can help deter thieves from stealing your bike. I would encourage all local cyclists to come along on Monday. We'll also be giving out crime prevention advice to help you keep your bike safe.

"If you can't make it on Monday, we recommend that you register your bike on the national property register, Immobilise at www.immobilise.com. If your bicycle is stolen and then found, this national property register will help us to return it to you.

"While we will be giving out advice on looking after your bikes, please don't hesitate to come along and speak to us if there are other local issues you want to talk about."

Zoe Keyte, Community Safety Partnership Co-ordinator, said: "Bike marking events aim to show people the importance of properly securing your bike, and we know that people who have come along to previous events have found them really beneficial and taken away some useful tips on how to help prevent bike theft in Welwyn Hatfield."

To keep up-to-date with policing in Welwyn Hatfield, go to the Welwyn Hatfield Police Facebook page at facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice.

Using the Constabulary's new feedback service echo, residents of Welwyn Hatfield are able to quickly and easily give their views on policing in the borough. Let us know what matters most to you about crime and policing by going to bit.ly/police-welhat.
