```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Letchworth are appealing for information following the theft of a set of kitchen knives from a car in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2019
title: Appeal to trace knives stolen from car
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-knives-stolen-from-car-1149g
```

* ## A bag of specialist kitchen knives has been stolen from a car in Letchworth.

 * ## Officers appeal for information to help recover them.

 * ## Local residents warned not to leave valuable or potentially dangerous items in their cars.

Detectives in Letchworth are appealing for information following the theft of a set of kitchen knives from a car in Letchworth.

The vehicle was entered overnight on Monday 9 December and a bag containing the six specialist knives was stolen. The car was parked in Lowe Drive at the time.

Detective Sergeant William Ainsworth said: "This may have been an opportunist thief who saw the bag in the car and was unaware of its contents when they removed it, but we need to trace the knives as soon as possible. If you have been offered any specialist knives for sale recently or know of someone who is selling some, we would like to hear from you.

"We are also appealing to anyone who has any information that could help our investigation to get in touch.

"Please do not leave valuable or potentially dangerous items in your car when you leave it unattended. Not only do they attract would be thieves looking for an easy gain, but they could be misused if they fall into the wrong hands."

Anyone with any information, is asked to contact PC Martin Barringer via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/110436/19.

You can also report information online _or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via ouronline web chat_

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
