```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged attempted robbery in the town.
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2019
title: Appeal to trace cyclist who may have witnessed attempted robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-cyclist-who-may-have-witnessed-attempted-robbery-0074E
```

* ### Police looking for cyclist on London Road who may have seen attempted robbery.

 * ### Local man allegedly assaulted by three unknown men who were looking to steal his phone.

 * ### Officers appeal for any information or witnesses that could assist them with their investigation.

Detectives from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged attempted robbery in the town.

The offence is said to have taken place on Tuesday April 9, in London Road on the cycle path opposite the Broadwater Tesco store, at around 9.45pm.

The victim, a 29 year old local man, was walking in the direction of Tesco when he was approached by three men. They allegedly held his arms behind his back and demanded his phone. When the victim said he did not have a phone they started to search him and he was allegedly punched in the face and head. He then fell to his knees and the offenders ran off up an alleyway towards Turpin Rise.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Trudi Howell said: "The victim believes that a man cycling up the cycle path on London Road from the direction of KFC towards the Toby Carvery, may have spooked the offenders. We are very keen to trace this man as he may have witnessed the incident or seen the offenders running away."

If you think you have information that can help the investigation please contact DC Howell on 101, quoting reference 41/32674/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
