```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of three men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a burglary in Watford.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-burglary-in-watford-0314c
```

* ### Officers would like to speak to three men who may be able to assist with their investigations.

 * ### The burglary took place in Watford April 11.

 * ### Car keys were stolen.

Officers have released CCTV images of three men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following a burglary in Watford.

On Thursday, April 11, the offenders entered an address in Southfield Avenue before they stole the keys to a car on the driveway. They drove the car a couple of meters before they left the vehicle and fled the scene.

Detective Constable Andy Metselaar from the Watford Local Crime Unit said: "Following significant enquiries, we are now appealing to the public to help us identify those pictured as we believe they were in the area around the time of the incident and may have information that can assist our investigation.

"If you recognise them or have any information that could help us please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Metselaar via email _,_ report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere_ _ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting _crime reference 41/33161/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
