```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of two men who might be able to help with their enquiries following two reports of distraction thefts in both Stevenage and Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following distraction thefts in Stevenage and Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-distraction-thefts-in-stevenage-and-harpenden-0323ef
```

Officers have released CCTV images of two men who might be able to help with their enquiries following two reports of distraction thefts in both Stevenage and Harpenden.

At around 3pm on Friday, May 17, a woman was approached by a man when loading groceries into her boot in Sainsbury's supermarket car park in Magpie Crescent, Stevenage.

He said her tyre appeared to be flat and he could hear air coming from it, before encouraging her to bend down to listen to it.

When she returned home she noticed her purse, containing debit cards, had been stolen after her bank contacted her.

The offender withdrew thousands of pounds.

Another incident took place, this time at around 12:45pm, Friday April 5, in Waitrose's supermarket car park in Leyton Road, Harpenden.

A woman got into her car when a man knocked on her window to tell her someone had got into her vehicle.

She exited her car to take a look, leaving her handbag on the passenger seat. There was no damage to the car but when she got home she realised her purse was missing from her handbag and hundreds of pounds was withdrawn from some of her accounts.

Officers would like to speak with the two men pictured as they may have information which could assist the investigation.

Anyone with information can contact PC Kirsty Lambert by emailing, report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/44253/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

_Follow our simple advice to help prevent distraction theft: _

 * use a bag that can be closed properly so that it's difficult for someone to open it and reach in
 * wear bags across your body rather than over your shoulder
 * consider using a lanyard which attaches your phone or purse/wallet to your bag or clothes
 * keep your purse or wallet at the bottom of your bag
 * avoid putting valuables such as phones, wallets or purses in your back pocket
 * register your property with Immobilise so that if your belongings are lost or stolen, there's a better chance of them being returned to you.
