```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is releasing a mock phone scam recording to raise awareness of tactics being used by fraudsters.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2018
title: Do you know who is on the telephone? Police release mock scam call
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-know-who-is-on-the-telephone-police-release-mock-scam-call
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary is releasing a mock phone scam recording to raise awareness of tactics being used by fraudsters.

The caller informs the victim that he is working for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs and that the victim has an outstanding tax debt. The caller threatens a court order to reclaim the money unless immediate payments is made. The caller instructs the victim to purchase a quantity of iTunes vouchers in order to repay the debt and says they will call back to get the iTunes vouchers codes. These iTunes voucher codes are then sold on by the scammer.

A number of Hertfordshire residents have fallen foul of this scam, including an elderly man who lost his life savings after purchasing substantial amounts of iTunes vouchers on numerous occasions after receiving several calls from a scammer.

**Fraudsters are also contacting victims in other ways:**

 * **Spoofed calls:** Fraudsters are contacting victims using a spoofed HMRC 0300 200 3300 number to convince them that they owe unpaid tax to HMRC.

 * **Text messages:** Fraudsters are sending text messages that require victims to urgently call back on the number provided. When victims call back, they are told that there is a case being built against them for an outstanding debt and they must pay immediately.

**Hertfordshire Constabulary 's advice on unexpected phone calls:**

 * HMRC will **NEVER** use texts to tell you about a tax rebate or penalty or ever ask for payment in iTunes vouchers.
 * Telephone numbers and text messages can easily be spoofed. You should never trust the number you see on your telephone's display.
 * Beware any unexpected calls or texts, particularly if they concern money. If you receive a suspicious cold call, end it immediately.

 * If you are not happy with a phone call and are suspicious of the conversation you have with the caller, please end the call and contact police via the non-emergency number, **101** **orreport it online**.

Remember, when reporting a suspicious phone call to police, wait at least five minutes before attempting to make the call or use a mobile or neighbour's phone to ensure you're not reconnected to the offender.

**Did you know?**

Phones are now available that automatically block withheld numbers, which can be used by offenders. People's service providers may also be able to assist with blocking unwanted calls.

Further information is available from Action Fraud - the national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre.
