```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Marian Avram, from West View, Hatfield, was found guilty of attempted rape on Friday, August 4, following a four day trial.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: "\u201CDangerous\u201D Hatfield man sentenced for attempted serious sexual assault"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hatfield-man-sentenced-for-attempted-serious-sexual-assault
```

* ### 33-year-old Mariam Avram from Hatfield was given a life sentence

 * ### He has been described as a danger and will not be released until he is no longer considered to be a threat

 * ### When Avram is eventually released, he will be deported to serve at least five years imprisonment for offences in Romania

A 33-year-old man from Hatfield was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, December 18 in connection with a false imprisonment and assault with intent to commit a sexual offence which occurred in Hatfield earlier this year (2017).

Marian Avram, from West View, Hatfield, was found guilty on Friday, August 4, following a four day trial. He was sentenced to life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of eight years and 50 days in prison before he can be considered for parole.

During the early hours of Saturday, January 28 this year (2017), Marian Avram approached a woman who was walking along Old French Horn Lane. He grabbed the woman and dragged her into some nearby bushes and attempted to rape her. Two people approached the scene and disturbed Avram, which gave the woman the chance to run away from him.

After a few days of proactive investigations by detectives from Welwyn Hatfield's Local Crime Unit, Marian Avram was arrested on February 2 and was charged and detained on the same day. He appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on February 3 and has been in custody since then.

During the sentencing, Judge Jonathan Carroll described Marian Avram as a dangerous offender. At the end of his eight years and 50 day sentence, he will not be released unless the Parole Board are satisfied he no longer poses a risk to the public.

Avram has also been served with a European Arrest Warrant in connection with a rape and another attempted rape which happened in Romania - his country of birth. Once Avram has served at least the minimum term of his sentence in the UK, he will be deported to Romania to serve another five years for these offences.

**Detective Constable Mark Cotte, from Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said:** "Marian Avram is a dangerous, predatory sex offender who targeted his victim that night with the intention of sexually assaulting her.

"Thankfully she was able to get away, but the incident left her extremely distressed and she was tremendously brave to report the offence. Without her courage Avram would not now be behind bars.

"I am very pleased with the outcome of this sentencing and I hope that the public will be reassured that this man is no longer on the streets and will be deported when he is due to be released."

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org
