```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing to anyone with any information following a robbery that happened in Vesta Avenue in St Albans on Monday night (September 24).
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2018
title: Help us identify St Albans burglars
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-us-identify-stalbans-burglars-1837F
```

* ### A robbery occurred in Vesta Avenue on Monday night where jewellery was stolen.

 * ### One of the men was carrying screwdriver.

 * ### If you saw anyone acting suspiciously, please contact police on 101.

Police are appealing to anyone with any information following a robbery that happened in Vesta Avenue in St Albans on Monday night (September 24).

Two men broke into the address at around 10pm, pretending to be police officers, and threatened the woman who was with her young child. One of the men, who had his head and face covered, assaulted the woman with a screwdriver. They then searched the property and stole a large quantity of jewellery.

Detective Constable Tony Kong from the Local Crime Unit said: "This was an unusually aggressive burglary and we are doing everything we can to trace the men responsible. If you saw anything suspicious on Monday night, have been offered cheap jewellery for sale or know who may be responsible, please get in touch with us."

One of the men is described as being of slim build, around 5ft 6in to 5ft 7in tall and aged in his 20s. He was wearing a black hat, jacket and gloves, and had the bottom of his face covered. He also had a black bag across his shoulder, with tools in it.

The second man is described as white and about 5ft 5in tall. He had a baseball cap on his head, but his face was uncovered. He was unshaven, of a medium to large build and he was wearing a brown jacket.

Anyone with any information, call the emergency number 101 or report information online quoting reference 41/40065/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form.

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
