```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an assault in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2019
title: Assault in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-hatfield-2608b
```

* ### The incident occurred in The Pastures during the early hours of February 19.

 * ### A man was approached and punched in the face.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police investigating an assault in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 1am on Tuesday, February 19, a man parked his car in The Pastures and was getting out of the vehicle when he was approached by an unknown man, who grabbed his shoulder before punching him in the face.

The offender then ran off towards a garage block. Nothing was taken during the incident.

The suspect is described as being of large build, around 5ft 8in tall and was wearing a hoodie.

PC Gillian Pincombe said: "This was an unprovoked attack which left the victim with a bloody nose and I am keen for anyone who saw what happened, or has information about the incident to please come forward.

"It has been reported that another man was also seen in the area at the time, heading towards Woods Avenue. I appreciate the incident occurred during the early hours but, if you saw either of these men, it is likely you will remember doing so. "

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Gill Pincombe via email to gillian.pincombe@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/16219/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
