```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s been all change for the Bishop\u2019s Stortford Safer Neighbourhood team with officers moving on and new faces arriving. The team is now complete and the officers are busy out and about in the local community."
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2018
title: Know your Safer Neighbourhood Team
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/know-your-safer-neighbourhood-team-1635A
```

* ### New faces in Bishop's Stortford Neighbourhood Team.

 * ### Local officers dealing with local issues.

 * ### Looking forward to meeting local residents.

It's been all change for the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood team with officers moving on and new faces arriving. The team is now complete and the officers are busy out and about in the local community.

The Safer Neighbourhood teams work alongside partner agencies within the community- often liaising with local residents to tackle longer term issues. These can range from anti-social behaviour, speeding in residential roads, school liaison, dangerous parking - particularly around schools, a local crime series such as burglary or car crime and drug related activity.

"Your local PCSO's should be out and about and highly visible. They should be your first port of call and they are supported on each area by a ward constable," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins.

"My team is looking forward to getting to meet local residents in their areas, so please do stop and say hello if you meet them out and about."

The following areas are covered by the following teams:

**_Bishop 's Stortford Town including residential areas _**

PC 257 Steve Gent

PCSO 6272 Adam Pemberton

PCSO 6433 Tia Prow

**_Bishop 's Stortford South (Thorley, Havers, Meads) _**

PC 669 Kevin Gibbs

PC 2130 Kelly Newton

PCSO 6631 Clare Andrews

PCSO 6447 Lucy Minns __

**_Bishop 's Stortford North (Rye Street, Parsonage Lane, Dunmow Rd) _**

PC 2165 Derek Lewin

PCSO 6629 Scott Rome

PCSO 6488 Jordan Tooke

**_Sawbridgeworth Town_**

PC 2277 Shelly Marshall

PCSO 6597 Paul Weston

You call speak to your local officer by calling 01707 354192 and asking for them by name, alternatively you can email the team at.

This contact is for NON URENT enquiries. Officers may be on rest days and will endeavour to get to you on their return. Please call 999 if a life could be at risk or a crime is in progress.
