```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a road traffic collision in Hertford where a motorist failed to stop are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2017
title: Did you witness collision involving pedestrian in Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-collision-involving-pedestrian-in-Hertford
```

* A 68 year old woman was left in the road with fractured ribs following a collision with a silver car in Hertford.
 * Police are working to identify the motorist who failed to stop at the scene.
 * Officers would also like to speak to the passer-by who came to the pedestrian's aid.

Officers investigating a road traffic collision in Hertford where a motorist failed to stop are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between midday and 12.15pm yesterday (Friday, December 1), a silver car was involved in a collision with a pedestrian in Railway Street close to the junction with Bircherley Street, near Lloyds bank.

The motorist initially stopped and asked the 68 year old woman if she was OK but then drove off leaving her injured in the road. She had suffered fractured ribs and was helped to her feet by a passer-by before her family were contacted.

PC Jason Brownlie-Parker, who is investigating, said: "The pedestrian was left in the road and in a lot of pain. Thankfully a passer-by came to her aid and ensured she got the help she needed.

"I'm appealing for anyone who saw the collision or may have information that could help us to identify the car and its driver to get in touch.

"I would also like to make contact with the member of the public who helped the woman as you may have information that could help with our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Brownlie-Parker by email jason.brownlie-parker@herts.pnn.police.uk or call the police non-emergency number, quoting ISR 499 of December 1, or you can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
