```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are issuing an image of two men they would like to identify following a burglary at a building site in Bovingdon.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2021
title: Appeal following burglary in Bovingdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Bovingdon-1214
```

Police are issuing an image of two men they would like to identify following a burglary at a building site in Bovingdon.

At around 1am on Monday 15 February, a padlock was cut to gain access to the site in Green View Close. However, nothing was taken.

PC Karl Diggins, who is investigating, said: "I appreciate that the image is not particularly clear but nonetheless I would like to appeal to the public to help us to identify these two men, as we believe they have information that could assist out enquiries.

 "If you believe you have seen people behaving in a suspicious way around the Green View Close area please also get in touch.

"We believe the property has been targeted because it is currently empty and we have worked with the owners to improve security. Officers are also carrying out night-time patrols of the area."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/11380/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
