```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a number of commercial burglaries in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2019
title: Appeal following commercial burglaries in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-commercial-burglaries-in-Hemel-Hempstead-0119
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a number of commercial burglaries in Hemel Hempstead.

There have been four burglaries in Stoneycroft, two in St Johns Road and two in Rossgate, which all occurred between April 13 and April 23 and are believed to be linked.

 * Between 4pm on April 19 and 9.30am on April 22, offender(s) gained entry to **Hair in St Johns Road** by forcing open a back door. £5 in change was taken from a money box kept under the reception desk. (Crime reference 41/36249/19)
 * Between 11.30pm on April 21 and 5pm on April 22, offender(s) gained access to **Indian Spice in St Johns Road** by forcing open a rear door. The till, containing £50, was stolen. (41/36324/19)
 * Between midnight and 1pm on April 21, offender(s) gained entry to **Beijing Chef in Stoneycroft** by forcing a door. A till containing £100 was stolen. (41/36049/19)
 * Between midnight on April 21 and 3am on April 22, offender(s) gained access to **U Cut hairdressers in Stoneycroft** by smashing the glass front door. At this stage it appears that nothing was stolen. (41/36182/19)
 * Between midnight on April 20 and 1pm on April 21, offender(s) gained entry to **Lucky Star in Stoneycroft** by forcing the front door. The till, which contained cash, was stolen. (41/36005/19)
 * Between 4.45pm on April 13 and 10.10am the following day, offender(s) gained access to **Sun Junkies in Stoneycroft** by forcing open the front door. The till was stolen. (41/33839/19)
 * Between 1.10am and 1.15am on April 19, offender(s) gained entry to **Sahara Bar and Restaurant in Rossgate** by smashing the front door. Eight bottles of spirits, two bottles of Champagne and the restaurant's till containing £100 were stolen (41/35456/19)
 * At around 2.45am on April 19, offender(s) gained entry to the **Swan Cleaners in Rossgate** and stole a till and a charity box. (41/35734/19)

Sergeant Matthew Deveney said: "I'm appealing for anyone who believes they have seen anyone acting suspiciously in these areas to please get in touch as you may have information that could help us to identify those responsible for these burglaries.

"While our enquiries are on-going to arrest the offenders we are increasing our patrols of local shopping areas.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to urge local business owners to remain vigilant and consider reviewing their own security to help reduce the chances of becoming a victim of crime. If you need advice regarding this you can contact your local PCSO.

"Business owners may also want to consider signing up to Hertfordshire's Business Watch - a partnership between police, businesses and other agencies to reduce crime and help keep businesses safe and secure. For more information please visit www.herts.police.uk/Protectyourbusiness."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime reference or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
