```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2017
title: "Appeal following road traffic collision \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-HemelHempstead-1340D
```

* Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead.
 * The incident happened at around 11.40pm on Sunday, December 3, on Lawn Lane at the junction with Corner Hall.
 * The victim was crossing the road when a vehicle (thought to be a silver saloon type car) collided with her, causing her to fall to the ground.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead.

The incident happened at around 11.40pm on Sunday, December 3, on Lawn Lane at the junction with Corner Hall.

At this time, the victim, who is 35 years old, was crossing the road when a vehicle (thought to be a silver saloon type car) collided with her, causing her to fall to the ground. The vehicle has then failed to stop at the scene and left in an unknown direction.

PC Billy Williams, who is investigating, said: "Luckily the victim only suffered minor injuries, however she did still require hospital treatment.

"I am appealing to anyone who might have seen a silver saloon type car leave the scene around that time to get in touch. Similarly, I would like to ask anyone who might have dash cam footage of the incident to get in contact with me on billy.williams@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 769 of December 3. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
