```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents living in Hertsmere are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: Have your say on policing priorities in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-policing-priorities-in-hertsmere-0948j
```

* ## You can have your say about what issues police should be focusing on in your area.

 * ## You can use our feedback service echo - _bit.ly/police-hm._

 * ## Please tell us by 11 December.

Residents living in Hertsmere are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.

Ahead of the next Priority Setting Forum (PSF) meeting on 15 December, people are being asked to make suggestions on what they feel their local Safer Neighbourhood Team should be focusing their efforts on over the coming months.

The feedback will be used to help shape neighbourhood priorities, initiatives and campaigns moving forward.

You can give your views now via the Constabulary's feedback service echo, using _bit.ly/police-hm_ by 11 December.

Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Rachael Robertson said: "We are committed to working with local communities to help tackle any issues they may be facing. The echo platform is a great way for members of the public to engage with us and to help set our priorities for the coming months. If you would like to have your say, please submit your feedback as soon as possible."

The echo service should not be used to report crime, this can be done in the following ways:

 * Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.
 * Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
 * If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
