```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A host of agencies came together yesterday (Wednesday June 27) to discuss rural crime at the North Herts Annual Barn Meet at Thrift Farm in Royston.
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2018
title: Partner agencies meet to discuss Rural Crime in North Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/partner-agencies-meet-to-discuss-rural-crime-in-northherts-0436G
```

* ### Partner agencies and local farmers meet to discuss rural issues at Royston Barn Meet.

 * ### Chief Constable Charlie Hall addresses attendees.

 * ### Police and Crime Commissioner pledges continued support for fly-tipping problems.

A host of agencies came together yesterday (Wednesday June 27) to discuss rural crime at the North Herts Annual Barn Meet at Thrift Farm in Royston.

Local farmers and landowners met with officers from their local Safer Neighbourhood Police Team, The Rural Operational Support Police Team, Herts Fire and Rescue Service, the National Farmers Union, representatives from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner and local and County Council officers.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall also attended the event along with Dr Amie Birkhamshaw from the Police and Crime Commissioner's Officer. The subjects discussed included fly- tipping with Amie giving an overview of the current situation in Hertfordshire, some of the successful prosecutions and new initiatives.

The Chief Constable talked about how the force tackles rural crime and the fire service spoke about ways farmers can protect themselves against crime and new ways to help emergency services find remote locations quickly.

"The barn meet is a popular event which enables the rural communities of North Herts to meet with police and partner agencies to discuss issues which affect them on a daily basis," explained Sergeant Guy Westwood.

"It is also a chance for partner agencies to catch up and learn about new rural initiatives to tackle not only crime but any rural issue. Attendees also had the opportunity to ask questions.

"Our rural communities are very important to us and we understand that they have specific policing needs. It was great to see so many people at the event."

Dr Aimie Birkhamshaw added: "The barn meet is a good opportunity for partner agencies to come together to discuss the issues that affect rural communities.

"The Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd, takes these matters very seriously and in 2017 ring-fenced £400,000 of Proceeds of Crime Act funds towards a Local Partnership Fund, which gives councils the opportunity through matched funding to help support local solutions to address issues such as fly-tipping, fly-grazing and anti-social behaviour.

"Over £132,000 of the fund has so far been spent in funding anti fly-tipping initiatives including the purchase of new cameras for deployment at fly-tipping hotspots across the county.

"We recognise that there remains a lot more work to be done and we will continue to encourage and work with the Constabulary and other partners on tackling these challenges."
