```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has set new policing priorities for the town after listening to feedback from the community.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: New neighbourhood priorities have been set for Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-neighbourhood-priorities-have-been-set-for-watford-0295c
```

* ## The Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has set new policing priorities for the town after listening to feedback from the community.

 * ## The team ran a two-week online campaign using the constabulary's feedback platform, echo.

 * ## Residents were able to anonymously submit their feedback using a simple online form.

The Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has set new policing priorities for the town after listening to feedback from the community.

The team, led by Neighbourhood Inspector Pete Edwards, is split into the following three areas:

**Watford Town Centre - **Central Watford

**Watford North - **Tudor, Callowland, Stanborough, Leggatts, Meriden, Woodside

**Watford Outer - **Central (outer), Oxhey, Vicarage, Holywell, Park, Nascot

Each team has its own sergeant and a dedicated team of PCs and PCSOs who work closely with partners including Watford Borough Council, housing associations and other support organisations.

SNT officers are tasked with fixing short and long-term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour, drug crime and other criminality affecting residents' day to day lives. Every three months, they set out three new priorities to focus on in each area using information gathered in Priority Setting Forums.

Between 1 May and 15 May, the team ran a two-week online campaign using the constabulary's feedback platform, echo. Residents were able to anonymously submit their feedback using a simple online form which is fed back to the SNT.

Following a review of the information submitted, as well as intelligence and information gathered when out on patrol, the teams will be focusing on the following issues for the next three months:

**_Watford Town Centre_**

**Drug crime:** there is concern around overt drugs activity on Watford High Street and the surrounding areas. Watford has seen a rise in incidents relating to county lines, gangs, drug use and associated criminality involving both locals and people who travel into the town.

**Anti-social behaviour (ASB) and street drinking:** following feedback from the community we have identified that ASB and street drinking are of particular concern in the High Street, with regular calls to police.

**Retail crime:** Following an easing of lockdown restrictions, the public have returned to shop on Watford High Street. However, the team has seen an increase in crime reports from various town centre retailers, including shoplifting, purse-dipping and theft from person offences.

**_Watford North_**

**Retail crime:** There has been a reported increase in shoplifting and theft from person offences in shops along St Albans Road.

**Drugs and associated ASB:** Public feedback has highlighted issues with overt drug dealing and associated anti-social behaviour across the whole of the Watford North area.

**Theft from vehicles:** There has been an increase in catalytic converter thefts and opportunistic thefts from vehicles across the North Watford area.

**_Watford Outer_**

**Drug crime:** Visible drug dealing and usage across the area, with hotspots in Watford Fields, Pump House Crescent and Metropolitan Station Approach.

**ASB:** A combination of youth-related ASB and street drinking ASB has been reported in a number of areas including Cassiobury Park, Oxhey Park and Watford Fields.

**Theft from vehicles:** There has been an increase in reports of theft of money and belongings from vehicles, which are often being left unlocked, in the West Watford and Park areas of the town.

SNT Inspector Pete Edwards said: Priority Setting Forums are a really important tool that we use as a temperature gauge on our communities to understand what the local issues are in each area.

"We're very pleased to say that the echo campaign was hugely successful at a time where we are unable to hold face-to-face meetings with residents, garnering more than 500 responses from the public.

"Now, it's time for our teams to problem-solve with our communities and create plans to drill down into the issues that have been raised. SNT officers are armed with an extensive toolkit to help them get the best results for their residents, and regularly liaise with our partner agencies to ensure a joined-up approach.

"We are committed to ensuring that Watford is a pleasant and safe place to live and work, and we are looking forward to sharing tangible results of our work with you in due course."

Do you want to be involved in the quarterly decision-making process of priority setting for your neighbourhood? If you would like more information, please email SNTWatford@herts.pnn.police.uk and a member of the team will come back to you.

You can still let us know what you think we should be focusing on in Watford by submitting your views via 'echo'. Please click the link that is relevant to the area you live in and tell us your thoughts.

**Watford North** - bit.ly/police-watnth

**Watford Outer** - bit.ly/police-watout

**Watford Town Centre** - bit.ly/police-wtc

** **
