```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents in Oxhey are being urged to review their home security following three burglaries in the area yesterday (February 13).
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2018
title: Oxhey residents urged to review home security
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/oxhey-residents-urged-to-review-home-security-1626
```

* ### There were three burglaries in Oxhey in the space of 24 hours.

 * ### Police patrols have been increased.

 * ### Homeowners are urged to take simple steps to help keep their homes more secure.

Residents in Oxhey are being urged to review their home security following three burglaries in the area yesterday (February 13).

Patrols have been increased following the incidents which occurred in Penrose Avenue (crime reference C3/18/223), Raglan Gardens (C3/18/224) and Hampermill Lane (C3/18/225) - _further details below._

Neighbourhood Sergeant Tom Evans said: "We fully appreciate that burglary can have a devastating effect on victims and the wider community and are continuing to do everything we can to crackdown on these criminals. We have seen a drop in the overall number of reported offences across Three Rivers in recent weeks and made some significant arrests. This work will continue but we also need homeowners to help us by ensuring they are doing all they can to help keep their property secure.

"Please ensure that all doors and windows are fully locked and that all keys and valuable items are hidden away when you leave your property. Install timer switches in your home to turn on lights to make it look like someone is in during the darker evenings. You could also consider installing a door bell camera and/or CCTV system.

"If you witness any suspicious activity, please report it to police straightaway, noting descriptions of people involved and registration numbers of vehicles."

Anyone with information about the burglaries is asked to contact the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting one of the crime reference numbers given above. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Further crime prevention advice is available here https://www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Crime-prevention/

 * Between 8.45am and 7.50pm, a property in Penrose Avenue was broken into. Offenders smashed glass in a rear door before carrying out an untidy search and stealing jewellery and documents.
 * Between 6.50pm and 7.10pm, entry was gained to an address in Raglan Gardens. The offender reached through a cat flap and unlocked the door from the inside using a key which had been left in the lock.
 * Entry was forced to an address in Hampermill Lane via a rear kitchen window, between 7.50am and 9.50pm. Items of jewellery were stolen.
