```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Farmers and landowners from across Dacorum met with police and partner agencies to discuss rural crime issues on Friday (June 14).
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2019
title: Rural barn meet held in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rural-barn-meet-held-in-dacorum-0381d
```

* ### Farmers and landowners from across Dacorum met with police and partner agencies to discuss rural crime issues on Friday (June 14).

 * ### It was hosted at Cottingham Farms off Flaunden Lane, between Bovingdon and Chipperfield.

 * ### Representatives from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Rural Operational Support Team (ROST), the Force Communications Room (FCR), Crime Reduction and Community Safety, the National Farmers' Union (NFU), Dacorum Borough Council and the RSPCA also attended.

Farmers and landowners from across Dacorum met with police and partner agencies to discuss rural crime issues on Friday (June 14).

The barn meet event, set up by officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, was hosted at Cottingham Farms off Flaunden Lane, between Bovingdon and Chipperfield.

Representatives from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Rural Operational Support Team (ROST), the Force Communications Room (FCR), Crime Reduction and Community Safety, the National Farmers' Union (NFU), Dacorum Borough Council and the RSPCA also attended.

After a short introduction from Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Jeff Scott and PC Karl Diggins, a short presentation was given on smartphone location app 'What3Words'*.

The app helps police forces pinpoint the exact location of a crime or incident, which is particularly useful when working in a rural setting, as it means resources can be allocated more quickly and efficiently.

Further advice was shared on a number of subjects including fly tipping and the theft of plant machinery. Police officers and partner agencies explained how information and intelligence is shared across borders and between different organisations.

The crime and incident reporting process was discussed and attendees were made aware of the different ways to contact police and partners, including online reporting forms, online web chats and by traditional telephone call.

A member of the Crime Reduction and Community Safety team also talked about the support available to the farming and rural community, including crime prevention visits - where officers attend and give advice on site and equipment security.

Inspector Jeff Scott, who leads the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Our barn meets give rural communities the chance to meet with police and partner agencies face-to-face to discuss the issues which impact them."

"It's also an opportunity for partner agencies to learn about new initiatives to tackle not only crime but any rural issue.

"Our rural communities are extremely important to us and we understand that they have specific policing needs different to other parts of the county. It was great to see and meet everyone at today's event."

"We will not be complacent and instead will continue to work in close company with our partners to tackle crime and protect the communities we serve."

Visit our website here for more information on rural crime

*For more information on What3Words, watch the video here
