```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help after a pet dog was stolen in South Oxhey yesterday (Sunday 14 March)."
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2021
title: Have you seen stolen Gizmo?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-stolen-gizmo-1315
```

* ### Gizmo ran off between approximately 4pm and 5pm in Woodhall Lane on Sunday 14 March

 * ### A male was seen picking Gizmo up and riding away on a bicycle

 * ### Members of the public are urged to get in contact with sightings and information

###

Officers are appealing for the public's help after a pet dog was stolen in South Oxhey yesterday (Sunday 14 March).

Gizmo, a fifteen year old small tan-brown Yorkshire Terrier, ran off between approximately 4pm and 5pm in Woodhall Lane. Gizmo was seen running in the direction of Caldwell Road before being picked up a white male who was riding a black and white Carrera mountain bike.

The male continued cycling along Caldwell Road, with Gizmo under his arm, and there has not been any further sightings.

The male was described as wearing a black hoody and joggers.

Sergeant Daniel Amos, from the Three Rivers Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Gizmo's owners are understandably distraught and so we are desperately asking the public to get in touch with any sightings.

"I'm also keen to hear from anyone who saw the male pick up Gizmo. Were you in the area? Did you see a cyclist riding along with a small dog? Any information you have, no matter how insignificant it might seem, could be vital in helping us to find Gizmo.

"If you have information that might help please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/18492/21. For immediate sightings, call 999."

You can report information online (opens in a new window) or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat (opens in a new window) or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
