```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following an alleged assault in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2018
title: CCTV appeal following alleged assault in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-harpenden-1652f
```

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following an alleged assault in Harpenden.

The incident is reported to have happened in the Slug and Lettuce on the High Street on Saturday August 4.

Between around 1.15am and 1.30am, the victim - a 22 year old man, was hit by a glass bottle on his head causing a cut and swelling.

Detective Constable Ayodeji Afolabi, who is investigating, said: "We believe that the man pictured may have been in the area at the time and could have information that will help the investigation.

"I appreciate the images are not of the highest quality, but if you recognise this man by his facial hair or top, please do get in touch.

"Anyone who recognises the man, or has any other information about the alleged assault, should contact me on the non-emergency number 101, or by emailing. Please remember to quote crime reference 41/24076/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Three men aged in their 20s were arrested in connection with the investigation and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
