```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-stalbans-2358f
```

* ### Between 7pm and 8.45pm on December 10, a property in Whitecroft, St Albans was broken into.

 * ### Offender(s) conducted an untidy search of several rooms in the house and stole a range of jewellery.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/64667/18.

Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 7pm and 8.45pm on Monday, December 10, a property in Whitecroft was broken into.

The occupants returned home to find the front door of their house wide open despite it being locked when they left.

The offender(s) conducted an untidy search of several rooms in the house.

A gold watch and a range of other jewellery was stolen (pictured).

DC Paul Edmondson, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area between the times stated and believes they saw someone acting suspiciously to get in touch.

"Please contact me if you have any information by emailing or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/64667/18."

As well as contacting the investigating officer directly, you can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
