```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Burglars have been targeting homes with open upstairs windows and flat roofs in Potters Bar, Bushey and Borehamwood during the hot weather and there could be more victims this summer unless residents help beat the burglar.
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2018
title: Beat the burglar by closing upstairs windows - Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/beat-the-burglar-by-closing-upstairs-windows-hertsmere-0516J
```

* ### Burglars have been targeting homes with open upstairs windows in Potters Bar, Bushey and Borehamwood.

 * ### Residents are being urged to ensure they secure their windows and doors to help police 'beat the burglar'.

 * ### Burglaries traditionally increase during the summer months.

 * ### Always call 999 if you suspect a burglary is in process.

Burglars have been targeting homes with open upstairs windows and flat roofs in _Potters Bar, Bushey_ and _Borehamwood_ during the hot weather and there could be more victims this summer unless residents help beat the burglar.

Hertsmere Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "Whilst residents are being more careful to properly secure downstairs windows and doors, we are finding some burglars are going through first floor windows that have been left insecure. Burglars also use flat roofs to gain access to upstairs windows and can be quite nimble, getting to windows that people may think are inaccessible. We anticipate burglaries increasing during the summer holidays, as historically this tends to happen across the county.

"However, whilst we increase police patrols - both hi-visibility and covert, we can beat the burglar by closing all windows and doors, setting alarms on both floors of homes, investing in web cam CCTV security and by being a good neighbour. Please call us if you know your neighbour is on holiday and you see anyone acting suspiciously in your street. We would rather be called with good intention than miss the opportunity to catch a burglar.

"The burglaries are happening during the day and evenings. Also make sure you remove wheelies bins from beside your home so they are not used to gain access to the second floor."

Between June 25 and July 8, there were eight burglaries in Hertsmere - five in Borehamwood, one in Bushey and two in Potters Bar.

**Borehamwood**

Around 12.30am on June 26, three offenders tried to kick a front door in Manor Way attempting to force entry, but were unable to. The offenders made off on foot onto Cleveland Crescent before getting into a vehicle.

Offender(s) gained entry to a property in Belmor in Elstree between 5pm and 10.30pm on June 25. Power tools were stolen.

A Nintendo DS and £50 was stolen from a room in the Travelodge in Studio Way between 1pm and 2pm on June 19.

Damage was caused to a property and vehicle parked in Balmoral Drive between just after midnight and 11am on July 2. The offender is known to the victim.

Tools were stolen from an address in Whitehouse Avenue at 8am on July 4.

**Bushey**

Offenders climbed on to the garage roof and removed beading from a glass door to gain access. It is unknown what was stolen during the untidy search between 2.30pm on June 28 and 7.30am on June 29.

**Potters Bar**

Two offenders have tried to use an implement to force open a front window in Park Avenue between 2.40pm and 3pm on June 28. They set off an alarm and ran back to a car, with a third man inside, and drove towards Southgate Road.

A man entered an address in Forbes Avenue on July 5 via using a shed roof to gain entry. A man known to the occupant has been bailed pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham added: "It's also worth considering joining Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) where you will receive emails about crime in your local area.

"Please call us on 999 if you suspect a burglary or theft is in progress. If reporting retrospectively, please call police on 101.

"Keep windows and doors shut and locked when you are out, especially when you go on holiday, and at night. Don't leave your car keys by your front door - burglars will look to see if they can break into your home quickly and take your car keys and may be able to activate keyless fobs from outside your property if within a close enough range. I'd also urge residents to keep their jewellery hidden away and make sure you take photographs of any distinctive items. Please also make sure you **securely lock all windows and doors, including double locking PVCu doors and** invest in timer lights to give your home the lived-in look. You can also purchase smart web cam CCTV technology for inside your home or on your doorbells. Watch out for your neighbours' properties."
