```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Watford are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the incident, or anyone who has information that may assist with the investigation, to come forward.
publish:
  date: 3 Oct 2019
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-watford-0849c
```

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Watford are appealing for witnesses who may have seen the incident, or anyone who has information that may assist with the investigation, to come forward.

The incident occurred in the High Street, at approximately 3.05am on Saturday 21 September.

It was reported that an altercation occurred between two men, during which one of them was allegedly punched in the face. He fell to the floor, banging his head on the ground, and was knocked unconscious.

A further altercation is then reported to have occurred between the man and a group of people who were with the victim at the time.

Police Constable Ashley Young, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "Enquiries are ongoing, and we are looking for witnesses who may have any information that may help us with our investigation.

"If you were in the area at the time and believe you saw the incident take place, or you have any information, please contact us."

 _Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Young directly viaemail_ quoting reference 41/85714/19.

You can also report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via ouronline web chat _ _or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone 's life is in danger, call 999 immediately._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * A 25 year old man has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm (GBH) in connection with the incident. He has been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

**

**
