```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following incidents of criminal damage in South Oxhey.
publish:
  date: 9 Mar 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following criminal damage in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-witnesses-following-criminal-damage-in-South-Oxhey-1757C
```

* ### Fence panels were damaged in Alva Way and Prestwick Road.

 * ### The property owners have been left with expensive repair bills.

 * ### Police are asking witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following incidents of criminal damage in South Oxhey.

Shortly after 9pm on Monday, March 5 damage was caused to fence panels and a gate in Alva Way (crime ref C3/18/344). The owner of the property went outside to see what was going on and the offenders fled to the Co-op in Delta Gain before making off out of sight.

The suspects are described as four boys aged around 13 years old. One was wearing a grey hoodie with the hood up, one was wearing a black puffa-style jacket and another was wearing a blue jumper.

Between 6pm and 9.15pm on the same evening, the rear fence lining a property in Prestwick Road was damaged (crime ref C3/18/343). This is the second time the fence has been damaged since January.

PC Rowen Sheppard, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "These type of incidents are hugely frustrating for the victims as they are left with hefty repair bills thanks to the mindless actions of others.

"At this moment in time we are keeping an open mind as to whether the incidents are linked. It is highly likely there would have been a lot of noise while the damage was being caused so I am appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen a group of people in the area, matching the given description above."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Sheppard via email uk or on the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
