```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a sexual assault in Watford are appealing to trace a female jogger who may have vital information to help the inquiry.
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020
title: Appeal to trace female witness following a sexual assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-female-witness-following-a-sexual-assault-in-watford-0641c
```

* ## A woman was sexually assaulted by a man as she walked through a park in Watford.

 * ## It happened in the Riverside Recreation Ground at 7.20am on Friday 11 September.

 * ## Detectives are keen to speak to a female jogger who may have seen the victim and offender prior to the incident.

Detectives investigating a sexual assault in Watford are appealing to trace a female jogger who may have vital information to help the inquiry.

The assault happened on the cycle path in Riverside Recreation Ground, off Riverside Road, at 7.20am on Friday (11 September).

The victim, a woman aged in her 20s, was walking when she was approached by a man who grabbed at her trousers and sexually assaulted her.

The victim screamed and moved away before the man ran off in the direction of Oxhey Park.

The offender was described as white, aged in his 30s and 5ft 11in tall. He had dark hair and was wearing navy tracksuit bottoms and a grey hoody, with the hood up.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We appreciate that an incident of this nature will worry the community and I want to reassure the public that we already made extensive enquiries. The victim is safe, and we are supporting her as the investigation progresses.

"We understand that at the time of the offence, there were several other people in the park - including a female jogger who passed the victim and the offender just before the incident.

"Were you jogging in the park at 7.20am on Friday morning? Did you see anyone acting suspiciously? If you have information you believe could be useful to our inquiry, then please get in touch as soon as possible.

"This is an understandably concerning incident and we have already undertaken a number of enquiries since this was first reported to us. We are currently considering a number of tactics in our efforts to identify and locate the suspect."

You can email DC Vishal Khanna, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/72787/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
