```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Royston are in the process of investigating a suspicious incident involving a 10 year old boy on his way to school last week (Monday 4 November).
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2019
title: Suspicious incident in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspicious-incident-in-royston-1009g
```

Officers in Royston are in the process of investigating a suspicious incident involving a 10 year old boy on his way to school last week (Monday 4 November).

The incident happened at 8.20am as the boy was walking along Icknield Way near to the junction with Garden Walk in Royston. At this point a white van containing two men pulled up and one of the men got out of the van and asked the boy to get in. The boy quickly walked away towards King James Academy.

One of the men is described as having blond hair and the other brown. Both are described as being around 18 years of age. At no point did either of the men try to physically grab or touch the boy.

Neighbourhood Inspector James Lant said: "This incident is currently under investigation and we are keen to hear from anyone who has seen a white van being driven in a suspicious manner or who may have also been spoken to in this way by men in a van.

"We understand that incidents like this are the cause of great concern and worry within communities and I want to reassure people that we take all reports of this nature very seriously.

"We are working to trace this vehicle and its occupants as soon as possible in order to establish the exact circumstances of the incident. We want to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time and who may have information which could help our investigation.

"We are also working with local schools to ensure that they are speaking to their pupils about staying safe when out and about and would urge parents to do the same. Any incident of this nature should always be reported immediately via 999."

Anyone with any information can report online or speak to an operator in the Force Communications Room via web chat _quoting crime reference number 41/101975/19._

You can also call the non-emergency number 101 and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form
