```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new video produced by Hertfordshire Constabulary is sending a strong message to young cyclists who are riding dangerously.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2018
title: "What won\u2019t you swerve? Strong message sent to young cyclists"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/swerve-game-warning-young-cyclists
```

* **New video sends strong message to young cyclists who play swerve 'game'.**
 * **Film features mum of boy who was in a collision with a car.**
 * **Cyclists warned that the 'game' could result in severe injury or death.**

A new video produced by Hertfordshire Constabulary is sending a strong message to young cyclists who are riding dangerously.

Working with the force, Lesley Belcher from Borehamwood explains how her son - Paul - played the swerve the car 'game' and talks about the consequences it had for him.

Paul was involved in a collision with a car after he played the game in Park Street in October last year (2017). This prompted Lesley to release footage of the incident to act as a warning to others.

In the film Lesley says how she found out about Paul being knocked off his bike via social media.

"The impact of such a stupid 'game' could have been a loss of life in so many situations," said Lesley. "When he walked through the door and looked at me, I just thought 'you're so stupid'."

Lesley hopes the video will highlight the very real dangers of playing such a dangerous game. She said Paul and those in the car were very lucky to have come away with relatively minor injuries.

Paul's bicycle was completely destroyed and it cost over £1,200 to fix the car, which his mum had to pay for.

Sergeant Leah McDermott from the Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "This so-called 'game' just doesn't make sense. Those who attempt to swerve in front of cars are not only putting themselves in real danger, but also those in the vehicles.

"The consequences could be severe and I would like to thank Lesley for working with us in producing this film and being so honest about her and her son's experience, which I hope will discourage others of considering doing the same."

The video will be shared on the force's social media accounts. Officers will also be visiting schools to show the film.

Sgt McDermott added: "I and other officers don't want to have to knock on a child's parent's door to tell them that their child has been seriously injured or worse. This 'game' must stop."

The film can be viewed on Hertfordshire Constabulary's YouTube channel.
