```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Don\u2019t ignore hate \u2013 report it. That is the message that pupils from across Hertfordshire heard at an event marking National Hate Crime Awareness Week (running from October 13 to 19)."
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2018
title: "Don\u2019t ignore hate \u2013 report it #NHCAW2018"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dont-ignore-hate-report-it-nhcaw2018-1920ALL
```

* ### Hertfordshire school boys and girls take part in hate crime awareness event.

 * ### National Hate Crime Awareness Week runs from October 13 to 20.

 * ### Don't ignore hate - report it.

Don't ignore hate - report it. That is the message that pupils from across Hertfordshire heard at an event marking National Hate Crime Awareness Week (running from October 13 to 19).

The event - held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City yesterday (Monday October 15) - saw more than 70 students aged 16-to-19-year-olds take part in discussions about hate crime.

As well as learning about more it, they discussed their own experiences of hate crime and what their expectations are of police in dealing with it. They also heard from PC Pat Davey about his role as one of the Constabulary's five specialist Hate Crime Officers.

Pupils from schools in Baldock, Berkhamsted, Hemel Hempstead, Hitchin, Rickmansworth, St Albans, Stevenage, Tring, Watford and Welwyn Garden City attended.*

Detective Chief Inspector Chris Treadwell, who opened the event, said: "We were delighted to see so many young people come to headquarters to discuss this important issue. They showed a keen interest in the subject matter.

"They will do further work back at their schools which will go on to inform how we tackle hate crime in Hertfordshire. They will also spread the word among their peers about the harms that hate crime causes and why it is so important to report them when they do occur."

He added: "Hertfordshire is a safe and tolerant county, but where we do receive reports of hate crimes, we take them seriously and deal with them sensitively. Our Hate Crime Officers work to combat hate when it occurs and can offer specialist help and support to victims."

Further awareness-raising events will be run around the county by the Hate Crime Officers throughout Hate Crime Awareness Week.

A hate crime is any criminal offence that is targeted against a person because of their race, religion, sexual orientation, disability or transgender identity.**

If you have been a victim of hate crime, you can report it to police via 101 or online

If you would prefer not to report it directly to police, there are a number of Third Party Reporting Centres around the county, further details of which can be found at Herts Police by clicking on Advice, then Hate Crime. Or you can report online to the national True Vision website.

These third parties will pass on your report to police for you so it can be investigated. Or if you prefer it can be anonymous.

In an emergency, always dial 999.

Event marking National Hate Crime Awareness Week
