```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a bicycle theft in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following bicycle theft in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-bicycle-theft-in-hatfield-0810
```

* ### A child's bike was stolen from outside the Co-op in Homestead Road on Monday 12 October

 * ### It was stolen between 6.15pm and 6.30pm

 * ### Witnesses or anyone who has seen the bike should call 101 or email PC Meghan Booysen at _meghan.booysen@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a bicycle theft in Hatfield.

Between 6.15pm and 6.30pm on Monday 12 October, a bicycle was stolen from outside the Co-op in Homestead Road.

The bike, belonging to an 11 year old girl, is described as a small children's mountain bike and it is black with pink flowers coming down from the crossbar. It also has the word 'kind' on the frame.

PC Meghan Booysen, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was a heartless crime, stealing from a child, and I am urging any witnesses or anyone with information about the incident to get in touch.

"The bike is distinctive and I am hopeful that someone may have seen it. If you have seen it, or you think you have been offered it for sale, please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _meghan.booysen@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/82164/20.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind residents that they can register their bike for free online at www.bikeregister.com. This is a national property database which we use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/police-welhat_ and tell us your thoughts.
