```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new scheme to help build relationships between young people and the police service has been completed at Manderville Primary School in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: Mini Police scheme launched in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-scheme-launched-in-stalbans-2650f
```

* ### A mini police scheme has been completed at Manderville Primary School in St Albans.

 * ### The scheme aims to build relationships between young people and the police service.

 * ### An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at Harpenden Academy last year.

A new scheme to help build relationships between young people and the police service has been completed at Manderville Primary School in St Albans.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 10 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at Harpenden Academy last year. Following its success, the scheme is gradually being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

PCSO Chris Stokes led the two classes with Police Cadet Sadie Sundt, at Manderville School. He said: "It was a pleasure working with the children. This is a fantastic opportunity for our younger children to get an insight into their local community and local issues. We covered a number of topics including police procedures and the law, anti-social behaviour, personal safety and road safety. They were very keen to learn and I hope that they take on board the important messages."

Headteacher at Manderville Primary School Cathy Longhurst said: "My year six teachers said that the programme was a great success and that the children really enjoyed the whole experience. Many thanks to PCSO Stokes and your colleagues for all your work."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd added: "This is a fantastic scheme which engages young people and gives them lots of training and information to keep them safe. I was pleased to be able to fund a countywide roll-out of the scheme so that even more children can take advantage of this programme and it's great this is now up and running."
