```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of sexual assault by touching in Letty Green, near Hertford.
publish:
  date: 8 Apr 2020
title: Witness appeal after sexual assault by touching in Letty Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-after-sexual-assault-by-touching-in-letty-green-0020a
```

* ## We're appealing for information following a sexual assault by touching in Letty Green.

 * ## It took place between 4.30pm and 5pm on Friday 3 April.

 * ## You can report information here herts.police.uk/report or call 101 quoting reference 41/27881/20.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of sexual assault by touching in Letty Green, near Hertford.

The incident took place on Friday 3 April between 4.30pm and 5pm.

The teenage female victim, who was out for a jog, was just off Station Road near a bus stop on Letty Green when three quad bikes drove past her. A passenger on the third quad bike touched her inappropriately.

PC Gregg Morris, who is investigating, said: "I'd like to hear from anyone who may have seen this incident, has relevant CCTV from the area at the time or has seen these quad bikes being ridden by teenagers in the area. I'd urge the public to be vigilant and report anything they feel is out of place.

"I can be contacted directly via email"

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/27881/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
