```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested on suspicion of a string of vehicle offences in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: "Man arrested in connection with vehicle offences \u2013 Abbots Langley"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-in-connection-with-vehicle-offences-abbots-langley-1326c
```

* ## A 21 year old man from Hemel Hempstead has been arrested on suspicion of 12 vehicle offences in Abbots Langley.

 * ## The vehicles were targeted during late December and early January, with items stolen from several.

 * ## Overt and covert patrols had been stepped up at hotspot times in response to the reports.

A man has been arrested on suspicion of a string of vehicle offences in Abbots Langley.

The 21 year old from Hemel Hempstead was arrested by Operation Scorpion officers last night (Wednesday 22 January) and taken into custody.

This is in connection with 12 offences which occurred in Abbots Langley between 20 December 2019 and 7 January 2020.

They were a mixture of theft from motor vehicle and vehicle interference offences. A number of items were taken from several vehicles including sunglasses, cash and a dash cam.

Sergeant Mark Palmer, from the Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We know that there was understandably a lot of discussion about these offences on social media over the Christmas period, so I am pleased to share that an arrest has been made as part of the investigation.

"We are doing all we can to crack down on vehicle crime because we know it has a huge impact on residents' feelings of safety and security. It is an unsettling feeling to know that someone has been in your vehicle, even if nothing has been taken.

 "There has been an increase in both overt and covert resources within the Abbots Langley area during hotspot time periods in response to these crimes. I would like to reassure residents that even if you don't see a high-visibility police presence, this does not mean we aren't there.

"In a few of the reported cases, the vehicles had been left insecure so we would like to remind motorists to triple check that their car or van is locked before leaving it by trying to open one of the door handles.

"Lastly, we rely on the public to be our eyes and ears so if you see someone acting suspiciously in your street, or you think a crime is in progress, please don't hesitate to dial 999.

"Try to give the operator as much information as possible, such as a description of the person(s) and any vehicles they are travelling in. We know that doorbell cameras are becoming even more popular so if you ever capture any footage that you would like to share with us, please get in touch."

More vehicle crime prevention advice can be found on our website here.
