```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Tuesday, March 5) been sentenced after he used a digger to cause four million pounds worth of damage to brand new bungalows in Buntingford in a row over wages.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2019
title: "Man sentenced for criminal damage \u2013 Buntingford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-criminal-damage-buntingford-5680
```

* ### Daniel Neagu, of Athelstone Road in Harrow, has been sentenced to four years in prison after using a digger to destroy brand new bungalows

 * ### The court heard how he caused four million pounds worth of damage to the properties in Buntingford in August 2018

 * ### He told the court that he had chosen to destroy the homes in a row over unpaid wages

A man has today (Tuesday, March 5) been sentenced after he used a digger to cause four million pounds worth of damage to brand new bungalows in Buntingford in a row over wages.

Daniel Neagu, aged 31, of Athelstone Road, Harrow, pleaded guilty to one count of criminal damage and appeared before St Albans Crown Court this morning, where he was sentenced to four years imprisonment.

The court previously heard that on Saturday, August 11, 2018, Neagu used a digger to partly destroy five brand new houses in Royal Gardens, a new housing development off Ermine Street. This also caused extensive damage to the digger, which cost in excess of £50,000.

When residents nearby noticed what was happening they called police, before officers attended and detained Neagu.

The former plant operator had been working at the construction site before he was dismissed alongside several colleagues a few weeks prior to the incident.

Neagu, who had experience operating the digger, told officers that the reason he had chosen to destroy the properties was due to a dispute with his former employer over unpaid wages.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Three three-bedroom properties and two two-bedroom properties were affected by Neagu's deliberate act of destruction, with the total cost of the damage estimated to be in the region of £4million.

"The incident had a lasting impact on the local community as a number of the properties were nearing completion and their new owners were weeks away from moving in. However after assessment, the structural damage was deemed to be too severe so the affected properties had to be demolished and rebuilt, which took months."

Daniel Neagu
