```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Letchworth are asking residents who live in Pascal Way and Monklands, to get in touch if their vehicle sustained damage in the early hours of Wednesday 15 April, following the theft of a silver Ford Focus in the area.
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2020
title: Ford Focus stolen and cars damaged in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ford-focus-stolen-and-cars-damaged-in-letchworth-0047g
```

* ## Numerous cars were damaged as the stolen Ford Focus was driven erratically.

 * ## Officers appeal for CCTV and dash cam footage.

 * ## Anyone with damage that has not been reported are asked to get in touch.

Officers in Letchworth are asking residents who live in Pascal Way and Monklands, to get in touch if their vehicle sustained damage in the early hours of Wednesday 15 April, following the theft of a silver Ford Focus in the area.

The car was taken just before 5am from outside a house in Monklands. Officers believe it was then driven erratically through Letchworth and left in Pascal Way, where it was later recovered. A number of parked vehicles in the area sustained damage at around the same time and at no point did a driver stop at the scene of any of these collisions.

Investigating officer PC Andy Burnett said: "I would ask people local to both Monklands and Pascal Way, who have CCTV, to check the footage from this time to see if they have any film of the car or the driver. If anyone saw or heard anything suspicious we would also like to hear from you.

"I would also encourage anyone who suffered vehicle damage around this time to report it to us if you have not already done so."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Andy Burnett directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/30458/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
