```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested and drugs were seized during a warrant executed in the Bennetts End area of Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Man arrested and drugs seized during warrant - Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-and-drugs-seized-during-warrant-hemel-hempstead-0763
```

* ### A man was arrested and drugs were seized during a warrant executed in the Bennetts End area of Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Officers searched a property on Barnacres Road where they found a large quantity of crack cocaine and cash

 * ### A 39 year old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

A man was arrested and drugs were seized during a warrant executed in the Bennetts End area of Hemel Hempstead.

Officers from the Operation Scorpion team entered and searched a property in Barnacres Road under Section 46 of the Firearms Act 1968 just after 8.45am Monday 12 October.

They found and seized a large quantity of class A drugs (crack cocaine) and cash.

A 39 year old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continued.

PC Stephen Patton, who led the warrant, said: "We know that the community will have seen the large-scale police presence in the vicinity of this property at the time we executed the warrant, as it was at a time when people would have been travelling to work and school.

"We had received information to suggest a firearm was being illegally kept at the property but despite a thorough search, we did not locate one on this occasion. We did however recover a significant amount of class A drugs and cash suspected to be acquired through criminality. Further intelligence reports have been recorded as part of the ongoing investigation.

"We hope it has reassured the community that we can and will take overt action when we have intelligence to suggest criminality is occurring at an address. It's safe to say that it has been a challenging year so far thanks to the pandemic, but rest assured that we continue to make cracking down on drug crime a priority.

"If you have any information that you would like to share with us, please get in touch. We want to hear from you - intelligence is vital in helping us fight against drug crime in Dacorum."

If you have information about suspected criminality in your neighbourhood, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
