```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A three-month closure order has been placed on a house in Watford after police previously executed a warrant at the address.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Closure order secured after warrant executed at house in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-after-warrant-executed-at-house-in-Watford-0338
```

* ### A house in Watford is subject to a three month closure order after officers conducted a warrant at the address

 * ### They forced entry to the house on St Mary's Road just after 9pm on Wednesday 1 July

 * ### Residents are asked to report any suspicious activity in the street to police

A three-month closure order has been placed on a house in Watford after police previously executed a warrant at the address.

Police received intelligence to suggest property on St Mary's Road was being used as a brothel.

Just after 9pm on Wednesday 1 July, officers forced entry to the house under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 with support from safeguarding partners.

They found three people inside the rented property, all of whom were spoken to by officers to check on their welfare.

On Tuesday 7 July, St Albans Magistrates' Court granted a closure order on the property following an application by the Watford Community Safety Unit.

The order states that no one can enter the house until 6 October 2020 besides the landlord, those instructed to do work by him, Watford Borough Council or emergency services.

Anyone who does enter the property in contravention of the order will be arrested.

Sergeant Luke Mitchell, who leads the Watford Community Safety Unit, said: "A man is currently helping us with our enquiries and we will continue our investigation into this property, which will involve multi-agency work with partners.

"Our main focus remains to safeguard any vulnerable or exploited people and we ask that those living in St Mary's Road keep an eye out for any suspicious activity on the street. If you see anything unusual, please do not hesitate to inform us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
