```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision that happened in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2018
title: "Appeal following a fatal collision \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-fatal-collision-Watford
```

* ### Did you witness a fatal collision in Watford town centre?

 * ### It happened just before 1.10pm on Monday, March 12

 * ### Please call 101 quoting ISR 383 of March 12 if you have any info

Officers investigating a fatal collision that happened in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in the High Street, at the junction with Market Street, just before 1.10pm yesterday (Monday, March 12).

A DAF skip lorry was turning into Market Street when, for reasons unknown at this stage, it was in collision with a pedestrian.

The pedestrian, a lady in her 50s, suffered fatal head injuries and sadly died at the scene.

Officers attended the scene and road closures were put in place for several hours.

This allowed the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit to carry out their initial investigation. The road was reopened at around 5.30pm.

Sergeant Martin Kemp, who is leading the investigation, said: "A woman has sadly lost her life as a result of this collision and our thoughts are with her family at this very difficult time. We are doing all we can to establish the circumstances around exactly what happened leading up to the collision yesterday afternoon.

"I am now appealing to anyone who has any information that could assist our investigation, and who has not yet spoken to police, to please come forward. Additionally, there are now an increasing number of motorists who have dash cams installed in their vehicles.

If you have any footage which you believe may prove helpful to our enquiries, we ask that you contact us immediately."

If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email martin.kemp@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting ISR 383 of March 12.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
