```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The excitement is building as Halloween and Fireworks Night approaches, however some people do not look forward to this time of year.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: Halloween and Fireworks Night should be fun for all
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/halloween-and-fireworks-night-should-be-fun-for-all-938
```

* ### Have fun and stay safe this Halloween and Firework Night

 * ### Don't knock on the doors of strangers or look out for festive decorations

 * ### Keep your Halloween 'tricks' safe

The excitement is building as Halloween and Fireworks Night approaches, however some people do not look forward to this time of year.

Whilst people are out having fun, it is important to remember that their behaviour might alarm neighbours and vulnerable people living in the community, like the elderly and those with young children or living alone.

This time of year tends to be the busiest period for police as there is the often a big increase in the number of calls received relating to anti-social behaviour and criminal damage. As in previous years, we will again have an increased number of officers on duty and will be carrying out extra high visibility and covert patrols to ensure everyone has a safe and enjoyable time.

Officers from Safer Neighbourhood Teams across the county will be working with local councils, the Fire and Rescue Service and businesses to make sure anti-social behaviour remains low.

If children (and parents) are planning to go trick or treating we ask that you consider the following advice to help you stay safe and not cause distress to others:

 * Never go trick or treating alone and always take an adult with you.
 * Don't knock on the doors of strangers (or look out for signs that trick or treaters are welcome, such as Halloween decorations).
 * Keep your Halloween 'tricks' safe - damage to property or hurting someone is a crime. Threatening and abusive behaviour can amount to an offence too.
 * Remember road safety rules, particularly after dark.
 * Wear something bright so that drivers can see you.
 * If you are planning on hosting your own firework party make sure you tell all your neighbours, especially those with pets who may be affected by the noise.

Police are also reminding residents that if they are going out to a Halloween party or firework display, to make sure they lock their homes securely and leave a light on to give their home a lived-in-look.

Chief Inspector David Partridge, who is coordinating the Constabulary's activity around Halloween and Bonfire Night, said: "We hope that everyone can have a fun and safe Halloween and Firework Night, however some residents, particularly those living alone, can feel frightened or intimidated.

"We don't want to stop anyone from enjoying themselves, but please remember that damaging other people's property, causing injury or intimidating people are crimes and could lead to an arrest. There will be more officers on patrol during this period, so we will be able to respond quickly to any incidents, as well as providing a highly visible and reassuring presence."

More advice is available at www.herts.police.uk/halloween where you can also download a 'Trick-or-Treaters Welcome' or a 'No Trick or Treaters' poster. There is also a children's quiz online at www.herts.police.uk/halloween - where entrants can win family tickets to either the Harry Potter Studio Tour or 360 Play in Stevenage.
