```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Cigarettes and a till were stolen during a robbery at a newsagent in Maple Cross yesterday evening (Wednesday, January 3).
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2018
title: Appeal for information following robbery in Maple Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-information-following-robbery-in-Maple-Cross-1413C
```

* ### Cigarettes and a till were stolen from a newsagent.

 * ### No one was hurt during the incident.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit.

Cigarettes and a till were stolen during a robbery at a newsagent in Maple Cross yesterday evening (Wednesday, January 3).

Detectives are now appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or has information, to come forward.

At around 8.30pm, a man entered McColl's in Chalfont Road and threatened the shop assistant with a weapon, believed to have been a machete or meat cleaver, before taking the till and a quantity of cigarettes and leaving the shop.

The suspect is described as a white man, between 5ft 8in and 6ft tall. He was wearing an orange hi-vis jacket, a beanie hat, gloves and a mask.

Detective Sergeant Rob Muir, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the cashier wasn't injured during the incident but this was a frightening ordeal. I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or saw someone in the area around the time, matching the description given, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/18/34. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
