```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "More than 100 Special Constables were out in force across Hertfordshire to mark this year\u2019s National Specials Weekend (May 31 \u2013 June 2)."
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2019
title: National Specials Weekend 2019
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/national-specials-weekend-2019-0317
```

* ### More than 100 Specials completed duties over the weekend.

 * ### The theme for this year's event was Employer Supported Policing (ESP).

 * ### We are actively recruiting Special Constables and are holding an information evening on June 19.

More than 100 Special Constables were out in force across Hertfordshire to mark this year's National Specials Weekend (May 31 - June 2).

The National Specials Weekend is an annual event designed to highlight the vital role performed by the Special Constabulary and the ongoing contribution its members make to policing in their communities.

The 105 Specials - who carried out 140 duties and served 976 hours between them - were involved in everything from ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) operations and retail crime patrols, to tackling burglary, deterring speeding drivers and carrying out anti-social behaviour patrols (ASB). _Further details below_.

Officers also supported the warrants team over the weekend with the execution of raids across the region to capture wanted people.

Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew, said: "The role of a Special is a volunteer opportunity like no other. In Hertfordshire, our Specials' contributions are needed and valued by our regular colleagues and the local communities they serve. We enable ordinary people to become extraordinary Special Constables by developing and rewarding them in their chosen policing careers.

"Last year our 285 Specials were inspired to volunteer for 71,000 hours, enabling them to be involved in something exciting and worthwhile - making a real difference in our local communities."

The theme of this year's event was Employer Supported Policing (ESP). A national and local initiative, ESP provides businesses with the opportunity to forge closer links with their local policing teams.

By supporting employees who volunteer as Special Constables, the employer and their staff benefit from police training and experience - equipping both with transferable skills that can be used in the workplace. ESP also allows police to learn about the issues which matter to local businesses and offers benefits in terms of staff development.

In his Community Safety and Criminal Justice Plan, Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd has encouraged businesses across Hertfordshire to support Employer Supported Policing.

David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary benefits enormously from the vital skills and life experiences that Special Constables bring to our policing operation. Communities and employers also gain from the fantastic training Specials receive and the extra transferable skills they can use in their everyday lives. I want to see more businesses playing their part in supporting employees to become Special Constables through the Employer Supported Policing (ESP) scheme."

**As well as supporting business as usual across the county, Special Constables carried out the following activities:**

**Broxbourne**
• Assisted with policing the night time economy, carrying out high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs to ensure people stayed safe.
• Made arrest enquiries around wanted people.
• Specials were first on scene following a burglary in Hoddesdon. They completed an initial check of the premises and supported Intervention colleagues as they dealt with the incident.

**Dacorum**
• Conducted a joint ANPR operation with St Albans to target travelling criminals and people committing driving offences. Four vehicles were seized for having no insurance or for being driven without a licence. Seven Traffic Offence Reports were also issued.

**East Herts**
• Plain clothed patrols to target shoplifters in Hertford town centre.
• Assisted with policing the night time economy, carrying out high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe.
• Conducted patrols in the rural areas.
• Visited local car boot sales so that residents could speak to officers.

**Hertsmere**
• Conducted high visibility patrols in hotspot areas, to help tackle emerging crime trends.

**North Herts**
• Assisted with policing the night time economy, carrying out high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe.
• Carried out patrols to tackle anti-social behaviour issues in Letchworth.

**St Albans**
• Joint ANPR operation with Dacorum to target travelling criminals and people committing driving offences. Four vehicles were seized for having no insurance or for being driven without a licence. Seven Traffic Offence Reports were also issued.

**Stevenage**
• Conducted a traffic operation to target those committing driving offences. Two vehicles were seized for having no insurance and a number of Traffic Offence Reports were issued to people who were driving while using mobile phones.
• Assisted with policing the night time economy, carrying out high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe.

**Three Rivers**
• Conducted a speed awareness operation in Croxley Green. Three people were issued with Traffic Offence Reports for speeding - one driver was clocked doing 61mph in a 30moh zone.
• Carried out foot patrols in Rickmansworth town centre.

**Watford**
• Carried out proactive, high-visibility patrols to help tackle emerging crime trends - including patrols of Cassiobury Park where intelligence had been received that drug dealing was taking place.
• Reassurance patrols in the town centre, which also resulted in five Traffic Offence Reports being issued for driving offences.

**Welwyn Hatfield**
• Carried out a Safer Streets event, visiting around 200 households to discuss any concerns or issues residents may have. 10 people were signed up to OWL (www.owl.co.uk).
• Community engagement patrols.
• Attended a minor injury RTC which resulted in a driver being reported for careless driving.
• Arrested someone on suspicion of indecent exposure.
• Seized a quantity of drugs.

**Recruitment of Special Constables**
Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred. Hertfordshire Constabulary are piloting 'Career Pathways' and have a number of specialist opportunities for officers.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are posted to local response or neighbourhood teams and are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months. Once the officers are fit for independent patrol, they can apply for a posting to one of our specialist teams.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of modern slavery, human trafficking, cybercrime, domestic abuse, proactive units targeting local drug dealers, wanted persons, night time economy issues and prisoner processing.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or crop damage.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk and click on 'register your interest' to receive an application form (please check your junk folder!) or browse the pages to find out more. You can also view our new video and read case studies from some of our officers who feature.

**An information evening will be held at Police Headquarters on Wednesday, June 19 (7pm) for people to find out more about joining the Special Constabulary. If you wish to attend, please email specialsrecruitment@herts.pnn.police.uk to book your place.**

Further information about ESP is available here

You can also read about how ESP benefits two of our Specials, Keileigh and Andrea.
