```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are issuing crime prevention advice following a rise in bike thefts in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: Advice following rise in bike thefts in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-following-rise-in-bike-thefts-in-hatfield-0245b
```

* ## Over the past few weeks, there has been an increase in pedal bikes being stolen.

 * ## The Town Centre area and front gardens have been particularly targeted.

 * ## Cyclists are encouraged to take heed of crime prevention advice.

Officers are issuing crime prevention advice following a rise in bike thefts in Hatfield.

Over the past few weeks, there has been an increase in pedal bikes being stolen - particularly in the Town Centre area and also from front gardens.

Sergeant Dan Bales, from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are doing all we can to trace those responsible and I want to remind residents of the steps they can take to help prevent their bikes from being targeted.

"It's a good idea to invest in good quality security. We recommend spending between 10 to 15 per cent of the value of your bike on its security.

"You should also lock your bike frame AND wheels to something with two different types of lock! Just using a chain and lock around a bike frame and wheels without locking it to something sturdy, leaves your bike vulnerable to being carried away. Locking only the frame or the wheels to something could result in unsecured parts being stolen.

"It's best to use a chain and D-lock combination - avoid cable locks. Cable locks offer little deterrent to thieves as they are easy to cut with basic cable cutters, hacksaws and even wire-cutters.

"If possible, lock your bike where you can see it. If you can't do this, try and find a busy area.

"Finally, I recommend that you register your bike on the national bike register. If your bicycle is stolen and then found, this national property register will help us to return it to you.

"Please remain vigilant and if you have any information about the bike thefts don't hesitate to contact us by calling 101. If you see someone stealing a bike call 999 straight away."

Report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
