```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Watford continued their crackdown on criminality by carrying out further warrants in the town.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2018
title: Further warrants in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/further-warrants-in-watford-2267c
```

* ### Two warrants were carried out in the Meridan ward.

 * ### The operation was led by the Safer Neighbourhood Team with support from Operation Scorpion.

 * ### If you suspect criminality in your neighbourhood, please report it to police.

Police in Watford continued their crackdown on criminality by carrying out further warrants in the town.

Last Thursday (December 13), officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion unit executed warrants under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act, at two addresses in the Meridan ward.

One man was arrested at an address in The Gossamers in connection with eight criminal damage offences, for which he was given a caution, and on suspicion of a drugs offence for which he remains under investigation at this time.

A small quantity of herbal cannabis was seized, along with cash and mobile phones.

No arrests were made at the second address in Garsmouth Way but a number of weapons were volunteered to police for destruction.

PC Mo Huzair, who led the operation, said: "These warrants were executed as part of an ongoing investigation, led by the local Safer Neighbourhood Team with support from Operation Scorpion, into the suspected supply of drugs in Watford.

"We are regularly carrying out warrants to try and target those suspected of being involved in drug supply and associated criminality. If you are, it's only a matter of time before we catch up with you.

"Drugs can have a big impact on local communities as they are often the catalyst for more violent crime. If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please continue to report it to police so we can build up an intelligence picture to enable us to take appropriate action."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101 or report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
