```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four motorcyclists have been issued with written warnings by police in East Herts for persistent anti-social riding.
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2020
title: Tackling nuisance motorcycling in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tackling-nuisance-motorcycling-in-east-herts-0583
```

* ### Four riders have been issued with section 59 warnings.

 * ### Tackling anti-social riding is a current police priority in both Sawbridgeworth and Ware.

 * ### Patrols have been increased.

Four motorcyclists have been issued with written warnings by police in East Herts for persistent anti-social riding.

Tackling anti-social riding is a current neighbourhood priority for both the Ware and the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Teams, following feedback from members of the public around what they feel police should be focusing their efforts on locally.

If you are caught riding illegally or anti-socially, police can issue a written section 59 warning under the Police Reform Act 2002. If you are caught again within the next 12 months, police have powers to seize your moped. If offenders do not subsequently reclaim their mopeds and pay storage or recovery fees within a set time period, their vehicles can be crushed.

Riders can also be reported for traffic offences.

Patrols have been increased in hotspot areas and, as a result, two section 59 warnings have been issued to riders in Ware and two in Sawbridgeworth over the summer months.

In one instance, a teenager from Harlow was issued with a notice, after riding along Bullfields in Sawbridgeworth on just the back wheel - right in front of officers who were holding a community engagement event at the time.

PCSO Amanda Higham, from the Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "Anti-social riding is extremely dangerous and could lead to serious consequences. In many cases, the riders are not wearing helmets so are putting themselves in danger, as well as members of the public. Riding in this way also causes damage to the land and noise nuisance.

"Patrols have been increased in hotspot areas, including police quad bike patrols and we will deal with any offenders robustly."

Sergeant Tom Prior, from the Ware Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We also need the public's help to identify those who are riding in this manner. If you see anyone, or have any information about who might be responsible, please contact police straight away. Please try and get a good description of the rider and the colour of their helmet, if they are wearing one, and make a note of any registration numbers."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
