```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an incident in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for anyone who may have captured footage of what happened to please get in touch.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2020
title: Did you capture footage of incident in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-capture-footage-of-incident-in-hemel-hempstead-1368d
```

* ## The incident occurred outside Redz bar in the High Street.

 * ## It is believed a number of people may have captured footage of what happened.

 * ## Two people have been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Police investigating an incident in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for anyone who may have captured footage of what happened to please get in touch.

The incident occurred outside Redz bar in the High Street, at around 1.50am on Sunday 2 February.

Officers had been called to the location following a report of an assault.

While in attendance, members of the public reportedly became aggressive and made threats towards the officers before a male police constable was punched in the head.

Investigator Amy Darby, from the Constabulary's Case Investigation Team, said: "There were a number of people in the High Street at the time, many of whom were filming events on their mobile phones. I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or who captured footage of the incident to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/9858/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * A 27-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of affray and assault on police. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 26-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of affray and assault with intent to resist arrest. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
