```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of some distinctive garden ornaments in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2018
title: "Appeal after theft of ornaments \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-theft-of-ornaments-welwyn-garden-city-0431B
```

* ### A number of animal ornaments were stolen from the garden of a pre-school in Welwyn Garden City - did you see anything?

 * ### It happened between Friday, June 22 and Sunday, June 24 in Sir John Newsome Way..

 * ### If you witnessed suspicious activity in the area between the dates stated or have any further information, please call 101 quoting 41/10646/18.

Officers investigating the theft of some distinctive garden ornaments in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at Creswick Pre-School on Sir John Newsome Way between 6pm on Friday, June 22 and 2.30pm on Sunday, June 24.

Offender(s) have entered the gated area outside the pre-school by means unknown before taking a grey hollow plastic dinosaur ornament, around 1m tall and 1m wide.

They also took several concrete ornaments; two hedgehogs, a sheep and some chickens.

Did you see any suspicious activity in the area around the dates stated? Have you seen items matching the description discarded anywhere in the local area?

Anyone with information is asked to email the Hertfordshire Constabulary Investigation Management Unit, report online or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/10646/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
