```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the death of a man in London Colney yesterday evening (Wednesday).
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following murder in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-murder-in-london-colney-2150F
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the death of a man in London Colney yesterday (Wednesday).

 * ### A man aged in his 20s and from London was found by a member of the public seriously injured in Walsingham Way.

 * ### He has suffered stab wounds and was taken to hospital where he sadly later died.

 * ### Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact police as soon as possible.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the death of a man in London Colney yesterday evening (Wednesday).

At around 7.15pm, a man aged in his 20s from London, was found by a member of the public seriously injured in Walsingham Way. Emergency services were called and the man, who had suffered stab wounds, was taken to hospital where he sadly later died.

Walsingham Way is currently closed while officers investigate the circumstances surrounding the incident.

Detective Inspector Iain Macpherson from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit said: "Due to the police cordon that remains in place in Walsingham Way today a primary school in the road will remain closed. The school is not connected in any way to the incident but it is close to where the man was found so officers need to carry out a detailed examination of the area.

"Anyone who has information that may help our investigation is asked to contact us as soon as possible via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 655 of November 28 or report information online."

Inspector Jon Roche from the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "This sort of incident is very unusual in London Colney and I understand that it will have left the local community concerned. Officers will be in the local area today carrying out reassurance patrols and speaking to local people."
