```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Royston are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2019
title: Appeal following assault in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-royston-md2813
```

Officers investigating an assault in Royston are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 5.30pm on Tuesday, March 12, a man was walking along Queens Road when a verbal altercation ensued between him and another man, after which the man assaulted him in the street.

The victim backed away as members of the public came to his aid, before the offender left the scene. The offender was believed to be in possession of a knife.

The victim sustained a bloody nose, bruising and cuts.

Police Constable Mark Ellwood said: "A few people passing by stopped to help the victim, I am asking for these individuals and any other witnesses to come forward and speak to us to assist our investigation.

"I would like to reassure the public that the involved parties are known to each other and it is believed this was an isolated incident."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Ellwood on mark.ellwood@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/27166/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
