```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an armed robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 May 2018
title: "Appeal following armed robbery \u2013 Cheshunt"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-armed-robbery-Cheshunt-0198K
```

* ### Did you witness armed robbery at Brookfield Retail Park, Cheshunt, at 8.30pm on Wednesday, May 9?

 * ### Offender pointed a weapon at victim before dragging him out of his car and stealing his belongings.

 * ### Did you see anyone running from the scene, or acting suspiciously? Please call 101 quoting K2/18/2200.

Officers investigating an armed robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in the Tesco car park on the Brookfield Retail Park just after 8.30pm on Wednesday, May 9.

The victim, a 19-year-old man, was sitting in his car along with two friends when the offender opened the driver's side door.

He pointed what is believed to be a firearm at the victim and threatened him before dragging him out of the vehicle.

The victim later found that his wallet, car keys and iPhone 6 had been stolen during the incident.

Detective Constable Claire Sprent, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an understandably frightening experience for both the victim and his friends. Thankfully they were not physically injured following their ordeal.

"I would like to stress that these types of incidents are unusual in the Broxbourne area and we are doing all we can to trace the offender.

"The area would have been fairly busy at the time of the incident, due to the retail units on site still being open, so I am asking the public if they saw anyone acting suspiciously, or running from the scene, to please make contact with me as soon as possible. You may have information that could prove vital to our investigation.

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email or report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number K2/18/2200."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
