```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Volunteer Police Cadets from Watford learnt valuable lifesaving skills during a recent \u2018Biker Down\u2019 presentation."
publish:
  date: 30 May 2019
title: Cadets learn lifesaving skills at Biker Down presentation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cadets-learn-lifesaving-skills-at-biker-down-presentation-0294c
```

* ### The Bike Down scheme is run by Herts Fire and Rescue Service.

 * ### The cadets learnt what to do if they were ever first on the scene of a collision.

 * ### This is just one of the many things you can get involved in as a police cadet.

Volunteer Police Cadets from Watford learnt valuable lifesaving skills during a recent 'Biker Down' presentation.

Biker Down is run by Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and gives advice on how to deal with a crash scene involving a motorcyclist.

Fire Bike Team leader Tony Smith held a joint session for both police and fire cadets to teach them what to do if they are ever first on the scene of a collision and basic lifesaving first aid skills.

PC Kev Ball, who leads the Watford Volunteer Police Cadet group, said: "The cadets found the event very informative, especially with the demonstrations and active participation. I'd like to thank Tony for coming along to speak to the group and we hope to welcome him back again soon."

He added: "This is just one example of the wide variety of skills you learn as a volunteer police cadet. Many of our members go on to become regular police officers or PCSOs and it is likely they may come across scenarios such as this. This training helps to give them some early understanding and experience, to stand them in good stead for any future policing career and in their day to day lives in general."

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

For further information, visit
