```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested in connection with an attempted burglary following joint working between police and council CCTV operators in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2018
title: CCTV operators work with police to arrest suspected burglar in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-operators-work-with-police-to-arrest-suspected-burglar-in-harpenden-1665f
```

* ### Man sentenced to eight weeks imprisonment following joint working between police and council CCTV operators in Harpenden.

 * ### The operator alerted them to three people heading towards the railway station.

 * ### 'A great example of working in co-operation to keep the district safe,' said St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector.

A man was arrested in connection with an attempted burglary following joint working between police and council CCTV operators in Harpenden.

During the early hours of Wednesday (August 15) a CCTV operator heard over the radio that there had been reports of an attempt burglary at Fitness Space in the High Street.

As officers searched the area, the operator alerted them to three people heading towards the railway station.

The people were quickly located by officers and searched. A crowbar and two screwdrivers were recovered and a man was arrested on suspicion of attempted burglary and breach of a court order.

St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche said: "This is another great example of the police and council working in cooperation to keep the district a safe place and residents should be reassured that we continue to strengthen our relationship by doing so."

Paul Dennet, aged 29, of no fixed address in the Luton area, has been charged with attempted burglary and has been remanded in custody. He received eight weeks imprisonment and £400 compensation for the attempted burglary, £100 compensation for criminal damage and £50 compensation for assaulting a member of court staff when he appeared on Wednesday August 15 at West and Central Herts Magistrates Court.
