```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a series of damage to vehicles in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2019
title: Stones thrown at vehicles in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stones-thrown-at-vehicles-in-hertford-0492a
```

* ### Several drivers reported that stones were thrown at their vehicles.

 * ### Considerable damage was caused.

 * ### This behaviour is extremely dangerous.

Police investigating a series of damage to vehicles in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.

On 20 June, police received reports of stones/rocks being thrown at several vehicles travelling along Brickendon Lane, between 5pm and 6pm.

PC Adrian Pikett, who is investigating, said: "This kind of behaviour is extremely dangerous as it could led to someone being seriously injured or even killed. Thankfully no one was hurt but several vehicles have sustained considerable damage, leaving drivers with hefty repair bills.

"We have carried out extensive CCTV enquiries in the area but have been unable to trace the suspect(s) so far. I am now appealing for anyone who may have information which could assist us to please come forward. I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage."

Anyone with information should contact PC Pikett via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/55933/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
