```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have arrested a second man in connection with the death of a 21 year old man in Farm Close, Hertford.
publish:
  date: 25 Jul 2018
title: Hertford Murder - Update
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertford-murder-update-0554A
```

* ### A second man has been arrested in connection with the death a 21 year old man in Hertford.

 * ### Police were called in the early hours of Monday morning (July 23) to reports of a disturbance at an address in Farm Close.

 * ### On arrival officers found that a man had suffered several stab wounds.

 * ### Another man arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed by police while the investigation continues.

Police have arrested a second man in connection with the death of a 21 year old man in Farm Close, Hertford.

The victim, who is from London, was sadly pronounced dead in the early hours of Monday morning (July 23) after police were called at 2.04am to reports of a disturbance inside an address.

A 22 year old man from Hertford was arrested yesterday (Tuesday) on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody at this time.

A 21 year old man from Hertford, who was arrested on suspicion of murder on Monday, has been bailed by police while the investigation continues.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "My officers are continuing to work hard to establish the exact circumstances surrounding this man's death.

"Anyone with information that could assist our investigation can contact us via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20380/18, or you can report information online.

"If you'd rather provide information anonymously call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."
