```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an attempted robbery in Hatfield are appealing to trace a woman who tried to help the victim.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2017
title: Appeal to trace woman following an attempted robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-woman-following-an-attempted-robbery-in-Hatfield-1188B
```

* ### Teenage girl approached from behind and offender tried to take items from her coat pockets.

 * ### It happened on Stonecross Road, Hatfield, at 6.50pm on Friday, November 10.

 * ### We are trying to trace an older lady who tried to help the victim as she may have information that could assist our investigation.

Officers investigating an attempted robbery in Hatfield are appealing to trace a woman who tried to help the victim.

It happened in Stonecross Road at 6.50pm on Friday, November 10.

The victim, a 15-year-old girl, was approached from behind by another teenage girl who threatened her. Both parties are known to each other.

The offender attempted to remove items from the victim's coat pocket but a struggle ensued.

An older woman attempted to intervene but fell to the floor during the incident after which another member of the public assisted her.

The victim managed to break free and the offender made off from the scene. Nothing was taken during the incident.

Detective Constable Beverley Larman, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "We are very keen to trace the lady who intervened during the incident as she left the scene before officers arrived. We would like to make sure she is okay, and believe she may be able to help us with our enquiries. We would urge her to get in touch with us on 101 as soon as possible, quoting B2/17/5479."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/17/5479 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
