```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Safer Neighbourhood teams in Stevenage have a new Inspector at the helm. Pat McPeake has recently replaced Simon Tabert, who has been promoted to Chief Inspector.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2020
title: New Safer Neighbourhood Inspector for Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-safer-neighbourhood-inspector-for-stevenage-1525e
```

* ## New Safer Neighbourhood Inspector for Stevenage.

 * ## Pat McPeake heads up the three local policing teams in the town.

 * ## He is looking forward to the new challenge.

The Safer Neighbourhood teams in Stevenage have a new Inspector at the helm. Pat McPeake has recently replaced Simon Tabert, who has been promoted to Chief Inspector.

Pat has a wealth of experience to bring to his new role, having been a serving police office since 2010 when he joined the City of London Police as an intervention officer (responding to 999 emergency calls).

He transferred to Herts in 2013 and worked in Cheshunt. From there he became a Sergeant and moved to custody in Stevenage. Pat was then promoted to Inspector in 2018 and managed the Intervention Officers in the town.

This new role will be the first time that Pat has worked purely in neighbourhood policing, but he is looking forward to the challenges ahead.

He said: "Having worked in Stevenage for six years I am more than familiar with the challenges and issues affecting local residents here and I am looking forward to working directly within our communities.

"Stevenage has three policing teams dedicated to neighbourhood policing covering the north, south and centre of the town. The work they do within communities is invaluable and my sergeants are both forward thinking and innovative. I am looking forward to working with them and our partners to tackle the key issues and keep our communities safe."

Every three months the Safer Neighbourhood Teams re-set their policing priorities. You can have a say on the issues they focus on by using our new feedback tool, echo, to tell us what you think should be top of the list.

You can submit your thoughts two ways; by filling out the simple form at bit.ly/echo-stevenage, or by sending an SMS to 66099, starting your text with the word 'Stevenage' followed by your views.
