```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating a burglary in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are releasing images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them."
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2019
title: "Burglary in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-in-bishops-stortford-0580
```

* ### A property in Thornbera Road was broken into.

 * ### Several items were stolen including jewellery.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to come forward.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Bishop's Stortford are releasing images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them.

The incident occurred at an address in Thornbera Road, between 11am on Saturday 13 July and 6.30pm the following day.

Offender(s) gained entry to the rear of the property via an open passageway, before forcing open a door.

Once inside, an untidy search was carried out and several items were stolen including:

 * Various items of jewellery
 * Two distinctive Omega De Ville watches, with steel straps and black faces _(links below)_
 * Two laptops - a black Hewlett Packard and a black Dell
 * A distinctive laptop bag
 * Two mobile phones
 * A Garmin sat nav
 * A Bose sound bar
 * A passport

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have seen any suspicious activity in the area to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have come across these items for sale. Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

He added: "I understand this incident may cause concern to residents living in the local area. Tips and information on how to help deter would-be criminals can be found on the 'advice' section of the Herts police website."

Anyone with information should contact DC Turner via email to _shaun.turner@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/63956/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _ _or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Links to stolen watches:

www.omegawatches.com/watch-omega-de-ville-prestige-quartz-27-4-mm-42410276001001

www.omegawatches.com/watch-omega-de-ville-prestige-co-axial-36-8-mm-42410372001001
