```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a dog in Tring are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses and information after dog stolen in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-and-information-after-dog-stolen-in-tring-1010
```

* ### Male Pomeranian dog Benny was stolen from his owner's car in the Tesco supermarket car park in Tring

 * ### It happened between 3.50pm and 4.15pm on Thursday 17 December

 * ### If you have any information about where Benny may be, please get in touch with police urgently quoting reference 41/101253/20

Officers investigating the theft of a dog in Tring are appealing for information and witnesses.

The dog, a male Pomeranian named Benny, was stolen from his owner's vehicle - a white Hyundai - in the Tesco supermarket car park on London Road between 3.50pm and 4.15pm yesterday (Thursday 17 December).

Benny, who is four years old, is described as having sandy or strawberry blonde-coloured fur. He is approximately 5kg in weight and 30cm tall.

When he was stolen, Benny was wearing a turquoise-coloured harness with a black retractable lead attached.

When he is walking or is excited, Benny emits a distinctive grunting noise.

PC Natasha Webbe, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "Benny's owner is understandably distraught and is missing him very much. We have already carried out a number of enquiries into this incident, and continue to do so.

"We are appealing to all shoppers who were in the car park between the times stated yesterday to think back and see if they can recall anyone acting suspiciously.

"Did you see anyone with a dog matching Benny's description? Any information, even if you think it is insignificant, could be of great assistance to our investigation.

"If the person who took Benny is reading this, please do the right thing. Put yourself in Benny's owner's shoes. We would love to reunite them with their beloved dog in time for Christmas. Please get in touch."

You can email investigating officer PC Matthew Hardy at matthew.hardy@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/101253/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
