```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are urging people to wear seatbelts for every journey as part of a week-long enforcement campaign.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2018
title: Motorists are still not wearing seatbelts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Motorists-are-still-not-wearing-seatbelts
```

* ### Hundreds of people were caught not wearing a seatbelt across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) last year

 * ### The BCH Road Policing Unit are urging people to belt up for every journey

 * ### Photo shows the impact from a passenger's head at 30mph after they failed to wear a seatbelt.

Police are urging people to wear seatbelts for every journey as part of a week-long enforcement campaign.

Hundreds of people were caught not belting up across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire last year.

From today (Monday, March 12) officers will be targeting those who choose not to wear seatbelts and raise awareness of the dangers.

Those caught not wearing a seatbelt can face a fine of up to £500.

In 2017 a total of 1,098 people were prosecuted for failing to wear a seatbelt across the three counties;

 * 364 in Bedfordshire
 * 314 in Cambridgeshire
 * 420 in Hertfordshire.

Officers will also be educating people about wearing seatbelts correctly and the importance of children being secured in the most appropriate seat for their age and height.

A child must use a car seat until they are 12 years old or 135cm tall. Babies should be in rear facing car seats until they are 15 months old or 9kg, depending on the type of safety device.

Inspector Chris Huggins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "The vast majority of road users wear a seatbelt, but unbelievably after more than 30 years of safety campaigns and legislation some people still don't.

"The seatbelt can often be the difference between life and death for both drivers and passengers involved in a collision. The message is simple - wear it.

"It's also important people wear the seatbelt correctly. We often see people wearing the strap under, rather than over, their arm. In the event of a collision this could cause serious injuries, particularly to women.

"If you have a young child please make sure they are in the correct car seat and that they are secured. If you are unsure of how to do this then please speak to the retailer you are buying the seat from."

For information on the law concerning seatbelts visit: www.gov.uk/seat-belts-law

Additional information on child car seats can also be found on the Government's website: www.gov.uk/child-car-seats-the-rules.
