```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a burglary at a restaurant in Rickmansworth are appealing for anyone with information about the incident to please get in touch.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2017
title: Can you assist our investigation into Rickmansworth burglary?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Can-you-assist-our-investigation-into-Rickmansworth-burglary-1050C
```

* ### A restaurant on the High Street was broken into

 * ### Alcohol and iPads were stolen

 * ### Police are asking witnesses to come forward

Police investigating a burglary at a restaurant in Rickmansworth are appealing for anyone with information about the incident to please get in touch.

At around 1.20am on Wednesday, October 18, entry was forced to Rasal Brasserie on the High Street.

Alcohol and two iPads, containing expensive software, were stolen.

The suspect is described as a white man, of slim build and around 6ft tall. He was wearing a black coat, black trousers and a black beanie hat.

PC Daniel Cunningham, who is investigating, said: "As the incident occurred during the early hours, anyone who was walking along the high street would have been quite obvious. I am appealing to anyone who may have seen a man matching this description in the area around the time, to please get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have been offered an iPad for sale in suspicious circumstances."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/17/3211 or use the online reporting form

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form

No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
