```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of two rings that were stolen.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2020
title: "Appeal following aggravated burglary \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-hemel-hempstead-1495
```

* ### Detectives are investigating an aggravated burglary in Hemel Hempstead and have released a photograph of two rings that were stolen

 * ### It happened in Sawyer's Way just after 9.05pm on Friday 21 February

 * ### If you have any information, please contact police quoting crime reference 41/16265/20

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Hemel Hempstead have released an image of two rings that were stolen.

It happened in Sawyer's Way, in the Adeyfield area of the town, just after 9.05pm on Friday 21 February.

A number of offenders smashed a pane of glass in a uPVC door at the rear of the property before threatening the occupants, a man and a woman, with a hammer and a wooden bat. One of the offenders struck the male victim over the head with the hammer, causing a laceration.

The offenders went upstairs to search a bedroom, taking a quantity of jewellery - including a diamond engagement ring and a wedding band, pictured above - and left the property via the rear garden before making off in an unidentified vehicle. A number of enquiries are currently being conducted.

Detective Constable Daniel Webb, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "The victims have understandably been left shaken by the events and I want to reassure them we are doing everything possible to trace those responsible.

"We have already conducted extensive enquiries and these are continuing, but would like to hear from anyone who thinks they may have information about what happened and has not yet spoken to us."

If you saw any suspicious activity in the vicinity of Sawyer's Way at the time of the incident, or have any further information that could assist police, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/16265/20**.

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator via online web chat at www.herts.police.uk/contact or call non-emergency number 101.

You can email DC Webb at daniel.webb@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
