```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident in Cheshunt where a man was allegedly assaulted.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following alleged assault in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-alleged-assault-in-cheshunt-2262K
```

* ### A man was allegedly assaulted in Cheshunt High Street on December 17.

 * ### It is reported that he was hit by a vehicle that mounted the pavement before allegedly being punched several times by the motorist.

 * ### Officers would like to speak to anyone who saw what happened.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident in Cheshunt where a man was allegedly assaulted.

At around 12.15pm on Monday, December 17, the victim - a man aged in his 30s - was reportedly hit by a vehicle that mounted the pavement in High Street before allegedly being punched several times by the motorist.

Both parties are known to each other and the victim suffered bruising.

Detective Constable Claire Sprent, who is investigating, said: "The location of this alleged incident is the busy High Street at lunchtime and I believe that a number of people may have witnessed what happened. If you have not already spoken to police please get in touch as soon as possible.

"I'd also like to appeal for any motorists with dash cams who were in the area around the time stated to check their footage to see if it captured anything that could help the police investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Sprent by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/66853/18 or report information online."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * A 34 year old man from Waltham Cross has been arrested on suspicion of assault and released on bail while enquiries continue.
