```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged assault in Broxbourne are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019
title: Appeal following incident in Baas Hill, Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-in-baas-hill-broxbourne-186k
```

* ### An altercation between two drivers occurred in Baas Hill.

 * ### One driver sustained bruising and injuries to his hands.

 * ### One man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives investigating an alleged assault in Broxbourne are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 12.35pm on Monday, May 6 police were called to Baas Hill, where it crosses the A10, following reports of an altercation between two people.

Two Land Rovers - one black and the other grey - both being driven by men, were involved in a collision at the location.

It's alleged that one of the drivers then drove his vehicle at the other who was out of his car. He sustained bruising to his chest and injuries to his hands, which required hospital treatment.

The other driver then exited his vehicle and a further altercation occurred.

Officers attended and a 38-year-old man from Hertford was arrested on suspicion of attempted grievous bodily harm.

Detective Richard Webster from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit is investigating. He said: "This is a busy road and several calls were made to police and we'd like to speak to anyone who witnessed what happened.

"Did you see the incident? Did your dashcam capture the incident? Did you see either vehicle prior to the incident or the following altercations? Please contact us if you can help our investigation."

Anyone who has any information should contact DC Webster on _richard.webster@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/40615/19. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
