```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new scheme to help build relationships between young people and the police service is now being rolled out in East Herts.
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2018
title: Mini Police scheme launches in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-scheme-launches-in-east-herts-1787A
```

* ### Mini Police Scheme rolls out across Hertfordshire.

 * ### Primary schools in East Herts now taking part.

 * ### Children learn about police procedures, the law, personal safety and local issues.

A new scheme to help build relationships between young people and the police service is now being rolled out in East Herts.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at a school in Harpenden back in April. Following its success, it is now being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

The first schools in East Herts to take part are Spellbrook Primary School and Hillmead Primary School in Bishop's Stortford.

The sessions will be led by PCSO Tea Prow, who is also the lead for the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Police Cadets. Tea was joined by Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins and Inspector Chris Hunt for the first session which took place at Spellbrook Primary School on Friday September 14. Over the eight week period the children will learn about police procedures and the law, anti-social behaviour, personal safety and road safety, among other topics.

Commenting on the scheme Sergeant Collins said: "This is a fantastic opportunity for us to get to know our younger children. It will give them an insight into their local community and local issues and a better understanding of how their actions can impact on those around them.

"The children were fantastic and very receptive. We hope that over the next few weeks we can have some fun whilst delivering important messages."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd added: "This is a fantastic scheme which engages young people and gives them lots of training and information to keep them safe. I was pleased to be able to fund a countywide roll-out of the scheme so that even more children can take advantage of this programme and it's great this is now up and running."

Mini Police
