```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace items of special sentimental value after they were stolen during a burglary in Waltham Cross."
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2020
title: Appeal to trace sentimental items stolen in burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-sentimental-items-stolen-in-burglary-1405k
```

* ## The burglary happened in Queens Drive, Waltham Cross on Wednesday 29 January.

 * ## Offender(s) stole electronic items containing videos and messages from the victim's partner who died five years ago.

 * ## If you can help, contact DC Claire Sprent on 101 or on email at _claire.sprent@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Officers are appealing for the public's help to trace items of special sentimental value after they were stolen during a burglary in Waltham Cross.

Between 3.30am and 4.30am on Wednesday 29 January, offender(s) gained access to a home in Queens Drive. They stole numerous items including a HP Laptop, an Apple Mac computer, a PlayStation 4 and an iPhone 7. The offender(s) also stole car keys before driving off in the vehicle - a black Mercedes E350. The vehicle is then believed to have travelled into Ilford, London.

The stolen electronic items contained photos, videos and messages from the victim's partner who died five years ago.

Detective Constable Claire Sprent, who is investigating, said: "The victim and the couple's children are absolutely devastated and feel as if they have lost him all over again.

"I am desperately appealing for anyone who thinks they might have seen the stolen items or been offered them for sale.

"Similarly, I would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the burglary or saw suspicious activity in the area at the time of the offence to get in touch. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could help us to trace the offender(s) and find the stolen items.

"If you can help, please contact me on the non-emergency number 101 or email me uk quoting crime reference 41/8648/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
