```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of five Shetland ponies from a field in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2018
title: Have you seen ponies stolen from Abbots Langley?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-ponies-stolen-from-abbots-langley1973c
```

* ### The ponies were taken from a field on the morning of Monday, October 22.

 * ### A blue horse box was also taken.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of five Shetland ponies from a field in Abbots Langley.

It is believed the ponies were taken from the field in High Elms Lane, between 11am and 1pm on Monday, October 22.

A blue/green horse box, described as being 'old' was also stolen.

PC Sarah Calcutt said: "Understandably, the owner has been left deeply upset by the theft. I am appealing for anyone with information, or who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area, to please get in touch. Did you see a blue/green horse box being driven away from the scene around that time?

"I am particularly appealing to members of the equine community who may be able to assist us. Have you been offered Shetland ponies for sale in suspicious circumstances recently? Any information could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Calcutt via email to sarah.calcutt@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/48849/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
