```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed for 27 months for two counts of fraud by false representation in Broxbourne and Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 5 Aug 2020
title: Woman jailed for fraud by false representation offences in Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-jailed-for-fraud-by-false-representation-offences-in-broxbourne-0458k
```

* ## A woman has been jailed for more than two years for fraud by false representation.

 * ## Charlene Nelson, aged 39, pleaded guilty to two offences in Broxbourne.

 * ## Call 101 if you think you have been a victim of this kind of crime.

A woman has been jailed for 27 months for two counts of fraud by false representation in Broxbourne and Cheshunt.

Charlene Nelson, aged 39, of Hanover Road, London, was arrested on 14 May and subsequently charged with two offences of fraud by false representation. Having pleaded guilty, she appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 28 July where she was sentenced.

Nelson had targeted elderly members of the community in May by knocking on their front doors and falsely claiming she needed money for a taxi. Cash was subsequently handed over by victims who believed they were being Good Samaritans.

Investigator Sharon Gibson said: "I'm pleased Charlene Nelson has been taken off our streets and is no longer a threat to our community.

"To target vulnerable people in their own homes is disgraceful and will not be tolerated.

"We would like to hear from anyone who believes they may have been approached in similar circumstances in the borough of Broxbourne, since January 2020.

"If you think this has happened to you, a relative or friend I can be contacted directly via email."

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
