```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A project to deal with a hoarder in Borehamwood was recognised by Hertfordshire Constabulary as an outstanding example of problem solving.
publish:
  date: 19 Sep 2019
title: Hertsmere project wins problem solving award
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertsmere-project-wins-problem-solving-award-0782j
```

* ### Project to tackle related hoarding and anti-social behaviour issues wins Mick Fogarty Problem Solving Award.

 * ### Numerous agencies working together through the Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership helped tackle the root causes of the matter.

 * ### Problem solving aims to tackle difficult issues that impact on the community time and time again.

A project to deal with a hoarder in Borehamwood was recognised by Hertfordshire Constabulary as an outstanding example of problem solving.

The force's annual Mick Fogarty Problem Solving Award recognises the best projects in the county that reduce crime or anti-social behaviour affecting our communities.

Despite close competition, a panel of experts awarded the prize to Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership, for its response to a hoarding and anti-social behaviour-related issue.

Following initial reports about the problem, it was quickly identified that one person involved had very complex needs. It was decided that the response needed to be co-ordinated across all the organisations and that the right help be given to all those involved.

Following the intervention, the reports of anti-social behaviour stopped and lasting support was given meaning the issue has not reoccurred. The overall result has been improved quality of life for everyone in the area.

The agencies involved included Hertsmere Borough Council, Clarion Housing Group, Herts Help, Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and Hertfordshire Constabulary's Safer Neighbourhood Team.

The council's community safety intervention officer Loran Kingston and principle environmental health officer Gavin Burns were presented with the award at the Hertfordshire Problem Solving Conference in Hatfield on Monday (16 September).

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "I would like to congratulate all our finalists but in particular the winners in Hertsmere. They have shown how effectively public services can come together to tackle the root causes of anti-social behaviour and related issues.

"Problem solving is about asking why we are being called out to the same issues affecting the same people time and time again. By then working with our partners and the public to resolve the issues for good, we make our communities safer and reduce demand on our organisations."

Councillor Pervez Choudhury, Hertsmere Borough Council's portfolio holder for community safety, said: "Congratulations to both Loran and Gavin, alongside all the partner agencies involved in this case, for the well-deserved award. Our officers have worked hard with key partners to resolve this issue for the benefit of the community.

"Our dedicated Community Safety team have an excellent record of partnership working here in Hertsmere and have displayed a great deal of commitment and energy to ensure the borough remains a safe place to live, work and visit."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd, who opened the conference, said: "I was delighted to be able to open this event and hear more about the work on-going nationally and locally.

"Good problem solving resonates strongly with my vision for policing and criminal justice in Hertfordshire. Not just my commitment to local policing but also making efficient use of resources, strong partnership working, focusing on issues that matter to the public and taking a victim-centred approach."

More than 100 officers and staff from police and partner agencies from Hertfordshire and across the country attended Monday's conference.

The Herts problem solving award is named after Herts police officer Mick Fogarty who sadly died in 2006, aged just 46. He was the force's problem solving champion at the time.
