```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision on the A1m near Baldock.
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following A1m collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a1m-collision-0060g
```

* ## The collision occurred near Baldock services on Wednesday evening.

 * ## Police are appealing for people who saw what happened to come forward.

 * ## A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision on the A1m near Baldock.

Shortly before 6.30pm on Wednesday 22 April, a Ford Fiesta and a Volkswagen Transporter van were involved in a collision on the roundabout near Baldock services, at junction 10.

Two people travelling in the Fiesta, a man and a woman, were taken to hospital with serious injuries. The woman remains in a critical but stable condition at this time. The driver of the Volkswagen received minor injuries.

Investigations into the incident are being carried out by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit. Anyone who witnessed the incident, or events leading up to it, is asked to please get in contact. Officers are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage of what happened or of the vehicles travelling on the motorway prior to the collision.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, **quoting ISR 626 of 22.04.20**.

Due to prior police interaction with one of the vehicles, a mandatory referral has been made to the IOPC as a matter of standard procedure.

 * A 44-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, disqualified driving, driving with no insurance, aggravated taking without consent, causing serious injury by dangerous driving, failing to stop for police and failing to provide an evidential specimen.
He remains in police custody at this time.
