```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a sexual assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for anyone who may have any information to please come forward.
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2019
title: Appeal following sexual assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-waltham-cross-0894
```

* ### The incident took place on Sunday 27 September

 * ### The victim was followed from Stanhope Doctors Surgery to the Eleanor Cross Monument

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident to get in contact

Officers investigating a sexual assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for anyone who may have any information to please come forward.

The incident took place in Monarchs Way on Sunday 27 September, between 1pm and 1.45pm.

The victim was approached in an underpass near Stanhope Doctors Surgery by a man who tried to engage her in conversation. He then stroked the victim's hair and hugged her. He went on to follow her through the town, up to the Eleanor Cross Monument.

The man is described as being approximately 6 foot tall, of medium build, clean shaven with brown short hair. He was believed to be wearing blue tracksuit bottoms.

Detective Constable Paul Dicker said: "Thankfully the victim was not hurt during the incident but has understandably been left incredibly shaken by what happened. I appreciate this incident is likely to cause concern in the local community and I would like to reassure people that we are doing all we can to trace the person involved.

"If you were in the area at the time, and believe you may have seen the two walking through the town, or believe that you witnessed something suspicious, please get in contact. We are appealing for anyone with information to come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Dicker directly via email to paul.dicker@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/88571/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
