```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged and remanded in connection with several offences against taxi drivers in North Watford.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Man charged and remanded in connection with robberies in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-robberies-in-watford-0779
```

* ### A man has been charged and remanded in connection with several offences against taxi drivers in North Watford.

 * ### Reggie Sime, aged 19, of Notte Street, Plymouth, Devon, has been charged with six offences

 * ### Three further people have been arrested in connection with the investigation

A man has been charged and remanded in connection with several offences against taxi drivers in North Watford.

Reggie Sime, aged 19, of Notte Street, Plymouth, Devon, has been charged with:

 * Two counts of robbery
 * Two counts of attempted robbery
 * Four counts of possession of an offensive weapon (corrosive substance)

 These charges relate to the following four offences:

 * On Monday 21 September a taxi driver stopped in Harris Road to drop off his passenger. The passenger then sprayed an unknown substance in the driver's face before taking a quantity of cash and making off.
 * On Saturday 26 September a man got into a taxi in Gullet Wood Road and demanded cash. He poured an unknown substance on the driver before making off with cash.
 * On Monday 28 September, offenders forced entry into a taxi in Orbital Crescent and demanded money. They squirted an unknown substance at the driver before making off. Nothing was taken.
 * On Thursday 1 October, an offender attempted to rob a taxi driver in Rushton Avenue. He threw an unknown liquid in the driver's face. The victim drove off and nothing was taken.

Sime has been remanded in custody ahead of a court date yet to be scheduled. Previously, a 40-year-old man from Watford and a 19-year-old man from Stevenage were both arrested on suspicion of robbery in connection with the four offences. They are subject to strict bail conditions and are due to attend Watford police station on Tuesday 27 October.

A 15-year-old boy from Watford was also arrested in connection with the investigation and was released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Watford Chief Inspector Ian Grout said: "Sime is the fourth person arrested in connection with this robbery series and we are pleased to have achieved a charging decision. We know that these incidents were understandably frightening for the victims, resulting in uncertainty for the town's taxi driver community.

"They have given us fantastic support in our investigation and we hope this result has provided them with much-needed reassurance, because everyone deserves to feel safe while at work.

"All the affected drivers were taken to hospital as a precaution but one is still receiving treatment for injuries to his eyes, which could sadly affect his livelihood. Our enquiries have since established that the liquid was a mixture of bleach and ammonia."

Elected Mayor of Watford Peter Taylor said: "These incidents are deeply frightening for the taxi drivers affected and my thoughts are with them. People should be able to go about their daily business free from any fear of violence or loss of their livelihood.

"I am pleased that through the proactive work of the police a person has been charged in connection with these offences. We will not tolerate criminal activity in our town and we will continue to work with the local police to keep the town safe for everyone."
