```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead, where a large amount of jewellery was stolen, are releasing images of some of the items in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019
title: Have you seen this jewellery that was stolen in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-jewellery-that-was-stolen-in-hemel-hempstead-1065
```

* ### Items went missing from a property in Avon Sqaure, Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### Several pieces of jewellery are missing, including a Swarovski necklace and earring set.

 * ### Officers are appealing for information, and asking if anyone recognises the jewellery pictured.

Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead, where a large amount of jewellery was stolen, are releasing images of some of the items in a bid to trace them.

Several items went missing from a property in Avon Square between March and November this year. There was no damage caused, and no signs of forced entry. The items were first reported missing to police earlier this month.

These include a Swarovski necklace and earring set (pictured), a Tingle gingerbread man silver keyring, an Ingersoll Mickey Mouse wristwatch, a Swarovski heart pendant necklace, a rose gold locket necklace, a Tide heart necklace and a Tide octopus necklace.

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, who is investigating, said: "We are asking if anyone has seen this jewellery. If you do recognise the items pictured, or believe you might have any information that could assist our investigation, please get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact DC Spiers directly via email, at Peter.Spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/103461/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
