```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to nine years in prison for a knifepoint rape and ABH in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 1 May 2018
title: Man sentenced for knifepoint rape and assault
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-for-knifepoint-rape-and-assault-0143MD
```

* ### Piotr Metrycki has been sentenced to nine years in prison for a knifepoint rape and ABH in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### The attack happened in February at a business premises in Marlowes

 * ### The 21 year old victim was raped in a staff area and she was punched in the face during the attack

A man has been sentenced to nine years in prison for a knifepoint rape and ABH in Hemel Hempstead.

Piotr Metrycki, aged 32 and of no fixed address, was sentenced yesterday (Monday, April 30) at St Albans Crown Court after earlier pleading guilty. He will be subject to a four year licence on release.

The attack happened in February at a business premises in Marlowes. The victim, a 21 year old woman, was at work at the time. She was raped at knifepoint in a staff area and during the attack, she was punched in the face.

The victim immediately disclosed what had happened to her to a colleague and a customer. Police were called and Metrycki was located and arrested quickly by officers within a mile of the location of the attack.

Judge Bright praised the victim for her bravery in facing her attacker in court. He described the incident as an extremely traumatic, horrifying incident.

Detective Constable David Herring from the Hertfordshire Constabulary Sexual Offences Investigation Team, said: "I commend the victim's incredible bravery, not only in reporting the attack to us so quickly, but throughout the whole case. It is thanks to her courage that Metrycki will now be in prison.

"He subjected the victim to a horrendous attack and I hope that this significant sentence goes some way in helping her as she recovers from this very traumatic ordeal."

 * _Any resident in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual assault can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. Herts SARC is an independent service, to contact them call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, emailHerts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org._

Piotr Metrycki
