```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Buntingford.
publish:
  date: 17 Feb 2020
title: Appeal following incident in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-in-buntingford-1425
```

* ### A 14-year-old girl was sexually assaulted near Monks Walk, Buntingford.

 * ### The suspect is described as a white male in his early 40s, around 5ft 9" tall and of a muscular build, with stubble and light brown hair.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Buntingford.

On Saturday 8 February at around 3.30pm, a girl was walking through an alleyway between the park and Monks Walk.

She was approached by a man who reportedly grabbed her arm and pushed her against a fence before touching her bottom.

The victim, who is 14 years old, then fled the scene on foot.

The suspect has been described as a white male in his early 40s, who is around 5ft 9" tall and of a muscular build. He had stubble and light brown hair, and was wearing dark blue jeans with a jumper.

PC Sue Loughran, who is investigating the case, said: "It is understandable that incidents of this nature are always going to cause concern among the local community. Please be assured that we are carrying out extensive enquiries to identify the offender, and establish the circumstances surrounding the incident. We have spent time supporting the victim and her family, and will continue to do so.

"If you were in the area around the same time and believe you may have witnessed the incident, or may have seen a man matching the description behaving suspiciously, please get in contact with us as soon as possible. Any information, even something that may seem relatively minor, could be vital to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Loughran directly via email at Sue.Loughran@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/12910/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
