```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Borehamwood and Elstree Safer Neighbourhood Team are celebrating after signing up their 1,000th Elstree resident to the Online Watch Link (OWL) messaging system.
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2019
title: 1,000th resident signs up to OWL in Elstree
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/1000th-resident-signs-up-to-OWL-in-Elstree-2517
```

* ### OWL is a free online messaging service which sends Neighbourhood Watch members email, voicemail and SMS alerts

 * ### PCSO John Hainsworth was pleased to sign up Elstree's 1,000th resident for the service

 * ### Paula Gilbey, of Grange Road, said 'I'm going to really look forward to getting John's regular updates'

The Borehamwood and Elstree Safer Neighbourhood Team are celebrating after signing up their 1,000th Elstree resident to the Online Watch Link (OWL) messaging system.

OWL is a free online messaging service which sends Neighbourhood Watch members email, voicemail and SMS alerts about crimes in their area along with the latest crime prevention advice.

Paula Gilbey, of Grange Road in Elstree, signed up on January 20 after a visit from PCSO John Hainsworth.

Paula said: "I love the format of the messages, the information provided and the crime prevention advice. I am going to really look forward to getting John's regular updates."

PCSO Hainsworth patrols Elstree and often knocks on residents' doors to check in with them and discuss any issues. He also spreads the word about OWL, with the aim of growing the local membership.

He said: "When I started working in Elstree Ward in April 2018, there were 670 addresses signed up for OWL. Now we have hit 1,000, this means we have signed up a further 330 addresses in nine months, so we are now up to 56 per cent coverage for OWL. My next target is to achieve 100 per cent coverage by the end of the year.

"People who sign up don't need to do anything other than read the messages, act on any crime prevention advice and be neighbourly."

If you would like to find out more about OWL, or how to sign up, visit https://www.owl.co.uk/herts

From left to right: Paula Gilbey, PCSO John Hainsworth, and Paula's neighbour Naomi Samuelson, who was the 961st Elstree resident to sign up to OWL
