```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The clocks will be going back on Sunday (October 29) and that means the driving conditions that you\u2019ve become accustomed to in recent months will change. The nights will start to draw in and the roads will inevitably become more dangerous."
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2017
title: Is your vehicle winter ready?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Is-your-vehicle-winter-ready-1063
```

* ### Make sure your vehicle is winter ready before the dark nights start drawing in

 * ### Check your tyres, engine levels and lights, and ensure you drive to the conditions

 * ### When de-icing your car, be sure to completely clear all your windows before setting off

The clocks will be going back on Sunday (October 29) and that means the driving conditions that you've become accustomed to in recent months will change. The nights will start to draw in and the roads will inevitably become more dangerous.

To combat the earlier night fall, brighter mornings and unfavourable road conditions, Inspector Chris Huggins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit has compiled a list of checks you should carry out to ensure your vehicle is prepared for the cold winter months ahead.

**Tyres**

The legal minimum tread depth in the UK is 1.6mm across the centre three quarters of the tyre.

Tyre treads are designed to give good grip on wet roads but this ability drops as a tyre wears down or as the depth of water increases. Drivers should take this into consideration and reduce their speed accordingly in wet conditions.

A quick and easy way to see if your tyre tread exceeds the minimum legal tread depth is to conduct the 20p test. Simply place a 20p coin into the main tread grooves of your tyre. If the outer band of the 20p coin is obscured when it is inserted, then your tread is above the legal limit. If the outer band of the coin is visible, then your tyres may be illegal and unsafe and should be checked immediately by a qualified tyre professional.

Making sure your tyres have the optimum air pressure is crucial. Check the required pressure of the tyres, which can vary according to load carried by the vehicle too.

To find the specifications for your tyres check your manual or inside your vehicle door. Check and adjust your pressure at your local garage or petrol station.

This should be done when the vehicle has been standing for some time. Warm tyres can cause tyre pressures to become elevated and manufacturers quote cold tyre pressures.

**Engine levels**

Ice is often inevitable in the cold weather - not only on the road surface but inside your engine too.

Keep your engine topped up with enough coolant to keep it running to the best of its ability in cold conditions.

Ensure your washer bottle is topped up and use a washer fluid to prevent the water freezing as temperatures drop.

If you're unsure of what coolant your vehicle needs, visit your local garage or vehicle shop and they will be able to advise you.

If you're unsure of where the coolant goes, open your bonnet and look for the cap that has displays the thermometer symbol. Pour the coolant into the reservoir until it's between the 'max' and 'low' marks. Never remove this cap when the engine is hot as scalding water can be ejected.

**Lights**

Make sure to regularly check your headlights, brake lights, indicators and reverse lights so other road users will be aware of your intentions when you're on the road. This will reduce the risk of an accident. Get a friend or family member to help you check your brake lights and reverse lights, or test them in the dark and look for the reflection in windows/other vehicles.

**Vision**

The low winter sun in the mornings and afternoons can be a real hazard and on rainier days it can also reflect off wet road surfaces. Consider keeping a pair of sunglasses in your vehicle to reduce the glare from the sun.

In icy conditions, set aside an extra five minutes to ensure your vehicle is fully defrosted and you are able to see out of all of your windows before setting off.

Keep some de-icer and a window scraper handy in your car and ensure the whole window is clear of ice - not just a small patch. Window covers can be fitted to keep frost off your windscreen and get your journey off to an easier start.

Don't be tempted to leave your engine running in order to clear the windows when your vehicle is unattended: you may come outside to find an opportunist thief has made off with your vehicle.

**Drive to the conditions**

Cold and wet roads can make manoeuvres more dangerous so ensure your speed matches the conditions of the road, particularly on corners where turning can become treacherous on slippery surfaces.

Inspector Huggins said: "I cannot stress enough how important the above checks are in making sure that your journey, of whatever length, is as safe as possible for you, your passengers and other road users."
