```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The county\u2019s neighbourhood policing officers continue to engage with local communities as the national emergency progresses."
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2020
title: 'COVID-19: Your Safer Neighbourhood Teams are still here for you'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/covid-19-your-safer-neighbourhood-teams-are-still-here-for-you-1580
```

* ### Officers continue to provide a visible presence in local communities.

 * ### They will be working hard to ensure people stay safe and adhere to government guidelines.

 * ### You can report local issues using the echo digital feedback system.

The county's neighbourhood policing officers continue to engage with local communities as the national emergency progresses.

Following the Prime Minister's announcement on Monday (23 March) everyone must now stay at home unless exceptional circumstances apply.

People should now only leave their homes in order to:
• Shop for essential food and household items
• Attend medical appointments
• Exercise on their own once a day
• Travel to and from work, where it is absolutely essential that they go to a place of work - and that work cannot be conducted from home

Public gatherings of more than two people are banned, unless the people live together in one household, and all social events apart from funeral services for immediate family are also cancelled.

Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) officers will continue to provide a visible presence in your local area, but the way in which we will maintain community engagement has changed. Planned face to face engagement events, such as neighbourhood surgeries, will now be postponed.

Concerns about the causes of crime or anti-social behaviour in your local area can still be shared by using our digital feedback platform, echo

When providing your feedback, please be as specific as possible about issues that matter most to you, echo is anonymous: we will use your feedback, along with our community stakeholders, to set local policing priorities.

Please don't use echo to report a crime. To do that, contact the Force Communications Room via online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately.

You can identify your Safer Neighbourhood Team officers, along with information about crime and ASB in your local area, through the Police UK website.

Local Policing Command Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: "We are still here for you. Please be reassured that Neighbourhood Policing Team officers are continuing their patrols, responding to incidents, problem-solving with communities and looking out for the vulnerable and keeping people safe - all while adhering to the government's advice around social distancing and enforcement of emergency legislation.

"For the time being our front desk facilities remain open at Hatfield, Stevenage and Watford police stations, and we are committed to doing everything we can to maintain levels of public service.

"Whilst we cannot attend community meetings in the coming weeks, we still need to hear from you. Community feedback and the community voice remains paramount to the service we deliver locally.

"We are living and working in extraordinary times and we are sure to face further challenges ahead but we will continue to review and adapt in order to deliver our core policing responses to Hertfordshire communities."

As a direct result of the emergency legislation and the need for social distancing to control the spread of COVID-19 the following public engagement activities will now be prioritised:
• Online community engagement and local policing priorities - echo
• Access to contact information for your local Safer Neighbourhood Team and to see crime and ASB data - police.uk
• Sharing of important community policing messages - Online Watch Link (OWL) and Hertfordshire Constabulary - Facebook / Twitter / website
• A webchat facility is also available via the force website, accessing the Force Control Room (FCR) webchat

You can still contact your local neighbourhood teams using the following methods:
1. By emailing questions or concerns directly to your local SNT by entering your postcode on police.uk
2. By calling 101 and asking to speak to a member of your local neighbourhood team. If they are out on patrol, you can leave a message for them.
3. By using the community voice platform, echo.
4. By online web chat with a Force Communication Room operator at www.herts.police.uk/contact.

You can keep up to date with the government's latest advice on COVID-19 here.
