```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Baldock has been fined for breaching COVID-19 regulations after police were called to his house at around 8.45pm on 4 December.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2020
title: Man fined for breaching COVID-19 regulations
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-fined-for-breaching-covid-19-regulations-0956
```

* ### Fine issued following a party in Baldock

 * ### Officers attended a house in the town on Friday night

 * ### Reminder those breaching regulations will be dealt with

A man from Baldock has been fined for breaching COVID-19 regulations after police were called to his house at around 8.45pm on 4 December.

There were a large number of people at the property in London Road who began to disperse on police arrival.

Officers were called back to the location later in the evening and then again into the early hours to reports of people having returned.

The 29-year-old man was issued with a £100 fine today (6 December).

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, who is leading the Constabulary's response to COVID-19, said: "We appreciate the impact these regulations have on our communities but it is vital we all do our part to prevent the spread of COVID-19.

"We are grateful to the majority of our communities who have been adhering to the rules but where breaches do occur we will deal robustly.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary will not tolerate serious cases of disregard to the rules and as this action shows, those intent on ignoring the law will be dealt with and educated in a swift and robust manner."

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

Please ensure you understand GOV.UK's guidance before you report a possible breach via your local borough or district council. If you're not sure which district you're in, you can use the county council website's postcode finder.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
