```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A crime prevention day will take place in Abbots Langley later this month to help residents keep their property more secure.
publish:
  date: 1 Jun 2018
title: Crime prevention event in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crime-prevention-event-in-abbots-langley-0292c
```

* ### Officers will be fitting tamperproof number plate screws and engraving tools.

 * ### Visitors can get advice on a range of topics.

 * ### The event is free and runs between 11am and 4pm on June 23.

A crime prevention day will take place in Abbots Langley later this month to help residents keep their property more secure.

Visitors to the event on Saturday, June 23 will be able to get tamperproof number plate screws fitted and have their tools engraved, free of charge.

Officers will also be giving out crime prevention advice on a range of topics.

Engraving tools helps to make them less attractive to thieves, as they are harder to sell on. It also means that, should they ever get lost or stolen, they can be returned to their rightful owners more easily.

Theft of car number plates can be hugely inconvenient and they can subsequently be used by criminals. Fitting tamperproof screws acts as a deterrent and helps keep index plates more secure from opportunist thieves.

PCSO Paul Cook said: "Crime prevention events such as this always prove popular with residents as they are a chance to meet with local officers to discuss any issues or concerns they may have, while also getting some valuable tips on how to keep their property more secure. We look forward to seeing as many people as possible on the day."

The event will take place at Abbots Langley police station, off the High Street, between 11am and 4pm.
