```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two new Closure Orders have been secured on two properties in Stevenage after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Stevenage Borough Council and the Notting Hill Genesis Housing Association took action against those involved in drug related crime.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2018
title: Two Closure Orders secured on Stevenage properties
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-closure-orders-secured-on-stevenage-properties-0016E
```

* ### Police close two properties in Watson Road.

 * ### Police received large number of complaints about occupants.

 * ### Arrests made and warrants executed over a six month period.

Two new Closure Orders have been secured on two properties in Stevenage after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Stevenage Borough Council and the Notting Hill Genesis Housing Association took action against those involved in drug related crime.

The Closure Orders were granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at Stevenage Magistrates Court (Tuesday April 24) and ban anyone from entering the properties in Watson Road for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

The properties were being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using them and some of the communal areas in an anti-social manner involving drug dealing, drug use and people causing a disturbance.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Martin May said **:** "Prior to securing the closure orders we executed numerous warrants at both properties over a six month period and made numerous arrests and seizures in relation to drug related crime.

"We had received a large number of complaints relating to the occupants of these addresses and their associates. To this end we sent out over 50 residents surveys and we have been well supported by the local community in the run up to securing the closure order.

"By taking this action to fully close the address, we hope to provide neighbours with some respite from the on-going issues. We take reports like this very seriously and along with our partner agencies, have worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the application. This is often a long process so I would like to reassure residents that just because action is not taken immediately, please do not think we are not tackling the problem.

"I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour of this nature to the police."

Closure Orders
