```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Bishop\u2019s Stortford after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and the East Herts Community Safety Partnership took action against those involved in drug related crime."
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2018
title: "Closure Order Secured on Bishop\u2019s Stortford Property"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-Order-Secured-on-Bishops-Stortford-Property-1781
```

* ### The three month Closure Order was granted at Stevenage Magistrates' court today (Friday September 14)

 * ### Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

 * ### If you have any information about drug related crime in your area please contact 101 or report online at _www.herts.police.uk/report_.

A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Bishop's Stortford after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and the East Herts Community Safety Partnership took action against those involved in drug related crime.

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at Stevenage Magistrates' court today (Friday September 14) and bans anyone from entering the property in Tanners Wharf for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

The property was being investigated by police after information was received to suggest the flat was being used for drug dealing. Neighbourhood officers liaised with the local community who provided more information and complaints about anti-social behaviour and drug related crime.

A warrant was subsequently executed on Friday August 10, at the address and Michael Adenuga, age 21 of Mortimer Road, London, was arrested and later charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. He has been remanded to prison and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on September 14.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said **:** "We had information to suggest that this address was being controlled by people involved in drug dealing. The local community had been greatly affected by the activity of those people using the flat and the behaviour of those people coming to the address to purchase drugs.

"By taking this action to fully close the address, we hope to provide neighbours with some respite from the on-going issues and disrupt drug activity in the area."

If you have any information about drug related crime in your area please contact 101 or report online at _www.herts.police.uk/report_.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at _www.crimestoppers-uk.org_. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
