```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-burglary-in-watford-1155
```

* ### A property in Hillingdon Road was broken into.

 * ### Several things were stolen, including jewellery, a wallet, and cash.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

On Wednesday 4 December, between 10am and 7.30pm, a property in Hillingdon Road was broken into. It is believed entry was gained via the suspect(s) smashing the window of the patio door.

The victim returned to her address to find that an untidy search of her property had taken place, and discovered that several items were missing - including multiple items of jewellery, a wallet, and cash.

Detective Constable Jonathan Holmes, who is investigating, said: "This has understandably left the victim shaken up, as well as leaving her out of pocket. We are currently conducting extensive enquiries to identify the suspect(s).

"If you were in the area throughout the day, and think you may have witnessed suspicious behaviour or seen the incident taking place, please get in touch with us.

"Alternatively, if you were driving down that road between the hours specified, and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review your footage and send us anything you think could be useful to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Holmes directly via email at _Jonathan.Holmes@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/109434/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to and have your say.
