```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four St Albans Scorpion officers have put their best foot forward and walked the equivalent of 21 marathons over two weeks to support colleagues across the St Albans district.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2020
title: St Albans officers walk several marathons to help keep residents safe
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/st-albans-officers-walk-several-marathons-to-help-keep-residents-safe-0072f
```

* ## Four St Albans officers have walked the equivalent of 21 marathons over two weeks.

 * ## They have been supporting colleagues across the St Albans district.

 * ## St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates reassures residents that her officers are still here to help during lockdown.

Four St Albans Scorpion officers have put their best foot forward and walked the equivalent of 21 marathons over two weeks to support colleagues across the St Albans district.

They have covered 560 miles in the past two weeks - over 14 miles each a day - to be a visible police presence to help their colleagues and help keep residents safe.

The Operation Scorpion team patrols the county to support the great work already being carried out by the district's Safer Neighbourhood teams and intervention officers.

St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates said: "I'm really proud of these officers who have made great strides in making themselves visible in the community and encouraging residents to stay at home where possible - except to buy food or for daily exercise. I'm told my officers did not need to go out separately for their daily exercise after a day at work!"

CI Coates added: "I'm pleased to report that the majority of residents are complying with the Government's measures, which is helping to keep residents in the St Albans safer and is reducing unnecessary strain on the NHS. Please be reassured that we are still here to help."

She said: "Domestic abuse remains a top priority for us and we have specially trained officers to help anyone who feels trapped/not safe at home during the lockdown period. We understand that it is more difficult to reach out for support when the perpetrator is in the home, but the Hertfordshire Domestic Abuse Partnership is working with services to create more discrete options for victims."

If you need to report a crime or incident to us, you can report information online, use online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. Please only dial 999 in an emergency, where there is a threat to life or property.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "This is just one example of how our tremendous officers across Hertfordshire are going the extra mile and more, to keep us all safe during the lock down.

"I would like to thank these officer and all our front line staff on behalf of the public for their dedication to duty. I have been very proud how Hertfordshire Police have handled the lock down measures, they have taken the approach to educate people, and only enforce as a last resort.

"Sickness levels have been comparatively low and alongside resilience planning it has ensured the force has continued to respond to emergency and non-urgent calls, while continuing to investigate and make arrests."
