```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "More than 100 of Hertfordshire\u2019s Special Constables were out in force over the weekend to mark National Specials\u2019 Weekend (Friday, June 1 to Sunday, June 3)."
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2018
title: "Hertfordshire\u2019s volunteer police officers take to the streets to mark National Specials\u2019 Weekend"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshires-volunteer-police-officers-take-to-the-streets-to-mark-national-specials-weekend-0269ALL
```

* ### More than 100 Specials were on duty in Hertfordshire over National Specials weekend.

 * ### The event highlights the vital role performed by the Special Constabulary.

 * ### Teams performed activities in each Community Safety Partnership (CSP) across the county.

More than 100 of Hertfordshire's Special Constables were out in force over the weekend to mark National Specials' Weekend (Friday, June 1 to Sunday, June 3).

The National Specials' Weekend is an annual event designed to highlight the vital role performed by the Special Constabulary and the ongoing contribution its members make to policing in their communities.

The Constabulary's Specials - who over the weekend served 480 hours of duty - were involved in everything from ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) operations and retail crime patrols, to tackling burglary, deterring speeding drivers and carrying out antisocial behaviour patrols (ASB).

Officers also supported the warrants team over the weekend with the execution of raids across the region to capture wanted people.

**Hertfordshire 's Special Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew, said:** "I was delighted to be out and about this weekend alongside my fellow Special Constables to mark this important event in our calendar.

"I am particularly proud that our volunteer police officers were also on hand to ably assist their regular officer colleagues providing reassurance to local communities."

He added: "The idea of the National Specials' Weekend is to get as many of the UK's nearly 15,000 Specials as possible to perform a duty over the weekend.

"Hertfordshire's 262 strong team last year completed more than 65,000 duty hours for the force. The support provided by our Special Constables and Rural Special Constables is helping to combat crime and keep Hertfordshire even safer."

Over the last 12 months Hertfordshire's Special Constables have also:

 * made over 320 arrests and assisted in 585
 * dealt with 82 road traffic collisions
 * made 133 drug seizures
 * conducted 142 breath tests
 * undertaken 290 stop and searches
 * seized 118 vehicles
 * executed 149 warrants

**David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said:** "This weekend is a great opportunity to celebrate our Specials. Hertfordshire Constabulary benefits enormously from the vital skills and life experiences that Special Constables bring to our policing operation.

"Communities and employers also gain from the fantastic training Specials receive and the extra transferable skills they can use in their everyday lives. I want to see more businesses playing their part in supporting employees to become Special Constables through the Employer Supported Policing (ESP) scheme."

More information on the scheme can be found here.

**_Special Constables carried out the following activities across the county:_**

**In North Herts**

**On the Friday, Saturday night and Sunday** officers supported Intervention teams with emergency response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams with proactive patrols targeting retail crime. Officers also carried out high visibility patrols around Hitchin's pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe and were drinking sensibly.

**On the Saturday** during the day, Special Constables held a community event in the Market Square in Hitchin which aimed to support the public with any local concerns they might have and gave young people and children the chance to find out about the type of activities a police officer can get involved in.

As part of this, over 40 children had the chance to become junior detectives and take part in an investigative scenario. The children also had the opportunity to explore a police car and equipment such as shields, a laser speed detection device and tools used to force open front doors during raids. Officers also gave out advice on burglary, home safety and road safety.

**In St Albans**

**On the Friday, Saturday night and Sunday** officers supported Intervention teams with emergency response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams with proactive patrols. Officers also carried out high visibility patrols around St Albans' pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe and were drinking sensibly.

**In Broxbourne**

**On the Friday, Saturday night and Sunday** officers supported Intervention teams with emergency response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams with proactive patrols. Officers also carried out high visibility patrols around the area's pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe and were drinking sensibly.

**In Stevenage**

**On the Friday, Saturday and Sunday** officers supported Intervention teams with emergency response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams with proactive patrols around Stevenage Leisure Park and the Old Town targeting retail crime, anti-social behaviour and burglary. Officers also carried out high visibility patrols around the area's pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe and were drinking sensibly.

As part of this work, on the Friday night a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) was given to a motorist for not wearing a seatbelt. Officers also attended the scene of a domestic incident and dispersed a group of youths who were behaving in an anti-social manner at McDonald's in the town centre.

**On the Saturday** officers also conducted an ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) and speed operation around the A1m junctions into Stevenage. This work was targeting offences committed by motorists and educating drivers about their responsibilities to keep their vehicles roadworthy.

As a result of this work, three TORs (Traffic Offence Report) were given to motorists not wearing a seatbelt and four drivers were spoken to about their speed and lights not working. Officers also carried out vehicle checks on tyres and supported the Intervention team by transporting a suspect from Hatfield to Stevenage custody.

** **

**In Welwyn Hatfield**

**On the Friday, Saturday and Sunday** officers were involved in Operation Brillo which is an on-going drive aiming to tackle ASB and disorder at hotspots in Welwyn Garden City, including Woodall Shops and Peartree. Officers conducted visible and covert patrols.

**In** **East Herts, Bishops Stortford and Sawbridgeworth**

**On the Friday** officers supported Safer Neighbourhood Teams with tackling burglary, anti-social behaviour and underage drinking through proactive patrols in hotspot areas. During the night officers supported two domestic violence victims.

**On the Saturday** officers conducted high visibility and covert foot patrols supporting Intervention teams with emergency response policing, and Safer Neighbourhood Teams providing reassurance around the area's pubs and clubs and railway stations.

**On the Sunday** officers conducted covert patrols at a car boot sale in Great Amwell and Sawbridgeworth to tackle burglary, garage break-ins and vehicle offences. They also undertook patrols in rural areas of the region and advised residents about keeping their tools securely locked away.

As well as providing a high policing presence and providing reassurance across the region, one person was arrested for burglary, one person was given a cannabis warning and another person, who was behaving suspiciously, was stopped and searched. Officers also assisted at the scene of an RTC and helped support in the search of a missing person.

**In** **Hertsmere**

On the Saturday morning, Specials Constables supported Hertsmere's Operation Scorpion team in the execution of a drugs warrant in Borehamwood following reports of Class A drugs being used in the area. No arrests or seizures were made as a result, however work is ongoing to tackle drugs related activity in the area.

**On the Sunday** officers also conducted an ANPR Operation (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) in Bushey targeting the theft of high value vehicles. This work is helping police to build up a picture of this type of criminal activity in Hertsmere.

**In** **Watford**

**On the Friday, Saturday and Sunday** officers supported Intervention teams with emergency response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams with proactive patrols. Officers also carried out high visibility patrols around Watford's pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe and were drinking sensibly.

**On the Saturday** officers carried out a plain clothes operation targeting burglary in Watford and Cassiobury Park. The operation aimed to disrupt and arrest potential offenders and reassure the public. Officers spent their time engaging with the public and talking through any concerns they had in their local areas. They also stopped and searched two individuals who were behaving suspiciously.

**In** **Three Rivers**

Over the whole weekend Special Constables were involved in tackling issues that cause most concern to the public such as anti-social behaviour, disorder and burglary. As part of this officers conducted high visibility patrols in hotspot areas including Rickmansworth, Croxley Green, Abbotts Langley, Maple Cross and Chorleywood, to provide a deterrent to would-be trouble makers and to reassure the public.

Special Constables covered over 18 miles on foot patrols and stopped to speak to local residents, shop keepers and taxi drivers about their concerns. As a result officers had the chance to understand the concerns of local people and identify new ASB hotspots which will now help to drive the policing response in the area.

The volunteer officers also undertook a small traffic operation. Licences were checked and TORs ***** (Traffic Offence Reports) were given to minor traffic offences such as not wearing a seat belt.

In addition to this officers also supported Intervention teams with emergency response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams across the whole weekend, carrying out high visibility patrols around the area's pubs and clubs to ensure revellers stayed safe and were drinking sensibly.

**In Dacorum**

**On the Saturday** a team of officers carried out an ANPR Operation close to the BSI Building on Maylands Avenue in Hemel Hempstead, targeting motoring offences. In total 2596 vehicles were checked by the ANPR camera and the following action was taken:

 * nine vehicle rectification notices (VDRS) were given out
 * three vehicle seizures took place for, two having no insurance and one for using red diesel
 * four TORs ***** (Traffic Offence Reports) were given for minor traffic offences
 * one driver was breathalysed on the roadside
 * Intelligence was gathered and words of advice were given to people who needed to change their tyres soon or replace faulty lights.
