```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-one-year-old Daniel Teagle has been jailed for ten years after being found guilty of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm with intent, following an incident earlier this year in Hoddesdon.
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2019
title: Man sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for stabbing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-10-years-imprisonment-for-stabbing-0411k
```

Thirty-one-year-old Daniel Teagle has been jailed for 10 years after being found guilty of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm with intent, following an incident earlier this year in Hoddesdon.

Teagle, of Bakerscroft, High Street, Cheshunt, appeared for sentencing at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, June 17 after being found guilty of the offence following a trial that started on June 12.

He had previously pleaded guilty to possessing a bladed article.

At around 4pm on Saturday, February 9 there was an altercation between Teagle and the victim at The Bell Public House in Burford Street.

The victim - a man in his 30s - was stabbed in his leg, sustaining very serious injuries. He was flown to hospital by air ambulance and was placed in an induced coma after having emergency surgery.

Teagle was arrested the next day (February 10). He was subsequently charged and remanded.

At court, he was sentenced to serve 10 years for the assault and four months concurrently for possession of a bladed article.

Detective Constable Claire Sprent from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit investigated the incident. She said: "The actions of Teagle were completely disproportionate to what had happened between him and the victim and this has been reflected in the sentencing.

"Thankfully the victim survived this attack, but is still experiencing pain and flashbacks. Teagle had no regard for his victim and quickly fled the scene after stabbing him.

"This incident could have easily had a different outcome - with a man losing his life. I hope Teagle uses his time in prison to reflect on his reckless actions.

"I also hope others see the very real dangers of carrying and using a knife. Not only do you risk a custodial sentence for possession of a knife, but you could end up causing serious harm to someone, taking someone's life or losing your own."
