```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision on the M1 yesterday (Wednesday, February 28) are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2018
title: Appeal following serious collision on M1
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-serious-collision-on-M1-1717D
```

* ### Did you see serious collision involving a car and lorry on the M1 yesterday (Wednesday, February 28)?

 * ### It occurred at around 5.30am between J8 and J6A southbound.

 * ### The driver of a blue Fiat Punto was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

 * ### Anyone who saw the collision or believes they have dash cam footage that could assist the investigation is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a serious collision on the M1 yesterday (Wednesday, February 28) are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 5.30am, a blue Fiat Punto, which was travelling between J8 (Hemel Hempstead) and J6A (for the M25) southbound, was involved in collision with a lorry.

The driver of the Fiat - a man aged in his 20s from Watford - was taken to hospital with serious injuries. He remains in hospital at this time.

The motorway was closed for several hours due to the police investigation and to allow diesel to be cleared from the carriageway.

PC Jonathan Grygiel from the Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire Roads Policing Unit said: "We know that there were a number of people who initially stopped at the scene of the collision but had left before speaking to officers.

"I'm appealing for anyone who saw the collision or believes they may have dash cam footage that could help our investigation to get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Swiftsure, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
