```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police officers across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire are warning motorists not to ruin Christmas for themselves and others this year by drink or drug driving.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2019
title: Police urge motorists to make Christmas memorable for the right reasons
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-urge-motorists-to-make-christmas-memorable-for-the-right-reasons-1154
```

Police officers across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire are warning motorists not to ruin Christmas for themselves and others this year by drink or drug driving.

The consequences of being caught drink or drug driving include a 12-month driving ban, a large fine, and a criminal record. These can lead to job loss, relationship breakdowns, foreign travel restrictions and significantly increased insurance premiums.

The three forces will highlight some of these consequences in a 12 days of Christmas social media campaign, starting today.

Chief Inspector Jon Roche, Head of Roads Policing for the three forces, said: "We want people to remember Christmas for all the right reasons. It should be a happy time but driving under the influence of drink or drugs can change that in a heartbeat.

"Our campaign is not about spoiling peoples' fun. It is about ensuring they don't do something that jeopardises it. Drink and drug driving can bring financial hardship, pain and loneliness which is a far cry from Christmas festivities we all want to enjoy.

"If you are going out this Christmas, please plan ahead and make sure you get home safely. Book a taxi or designated a non-drinking driver. It is also important to ensure you are not over the limit the next day as this can still impair your ability to drive."

Last year, December 295 motorists were arrested across the three forces for drink and drug related offences. 108 of these arrests were in Hertfordshire.

Anyone wishing to report an incident of drink or drug driving should call 101 or 999 in an emergency.
