```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are re-appealing for witnesses and information following an incident on the morning of August 5th, 2018, which left a man with serious head injuries in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 11 Aug 2018
title: Re-appeal following a disturbance in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-following-a-disturbance-in-hemel-hempstead1646
```

* ### Police are re-appealing for witnesses and information following an incident on the morning of August 5th, 2018.

 * ### The victim, a man in his 40s, is currently at St Mary's Hospital in London and is in a critical condition.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to call the non-emergency number **101** , quoting ISR 157 of 5th August.

Police are re-appealing for witnesses and information following an incident on the morning of August 5th, 2018, which left a man with serious head injuries in Hemel Hempstead.

Officers were called to Queensway at 3.46am by the ambulance service to reports of an altercation.

The victim, a man in his 40s, is currently at St Mary's Hospital in London and is in a critical condition.

A male has been charged and remanded with the assault, however, police are still appealing for witnesses.

DC Jane Swift said: "I'm sure there were lots of people in the area; it's a busy part of the town, where there are lots of bars and clubs. Anything that members of the public may have seen - no matter how insignificant you think it may be - could be really useful to the investigation and I would urge you to please get in contact with us."

Anyone with information is asked to call the non-emergency number **101** , quoting ISR 157 of 5th August or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
