```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) have set the policing priorities to focus on over the next three months.
publish:
  date: 14 Jul 2020
title: Policing priorities for Borehamwood set for next three months
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Policing-priorities-for-Borehamwood-set-for-next-three-months-0319J
```

The Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) have set the policing priorities to focus on over the next three months.

The SNT are responsible for fixing short and long-term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour and they work with local partners, including the council, to ensure that the Borough is a safe place to live and work.

Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Matt Cann said: "These priorities have been set following feedback from residents and I thank them for taking the time in sharing what matters most to them, using our public feedback service echo. It's really useful to understand what you would like to see from us.

"We will review these again in three months but in the meantime, you can still provide us with feedback using echo. Simply go to bit.ly/police-bw and have your say."

The following priorities have been set for Borehamwood and a dedicated team of PCs and PCSOs will be working to address them:

 * A priority that remains a focus for the SNT and with work on-going, the team with continue to tackle anti-social behaviour (ASB) in Leeming Road and the surrounding area. The anti-social behaviour identified includes anti-social driving of vehicles, drug-related activity and nuisance youths.
 * Following a comprehensive survey carried out by the local PCSO, vehicle related anti-social behaviour and minor criminal damage were found to be an issue in Composers Estate in Elstree.

You can follow @ Bhamwoodpolice on Twitter and @HertsmerePolice on Facebook for regular updates from the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Borehamwood using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-bw and have your say.
