```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-hitchin-0461
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hitchin.

The incident happened in Fishponds Road on Sunday 30 June. Between 8pm and 8.30pm, the victim - a 15 year old boy, was approached by three men who had been loitering near Capswell Court.

The men asked for the victim's skateboard and one of them pulled the victim's MP3 headphones from his ear before asking for the MP3 player.

The victim refused to hand over his belongings and the offenders walked away in the direction of the swimming pool.

One of the offenders is described as black, between 5ft 7in and 5ft 8in tall, of a large build and with short facial hair. He had very short, shaven hair, three missing teeth, and was wearing a blue and red horizontally striped shirt and blue jeans. He spoke with an Afro Caribbean accent.

The second offender is described as black, around 5ft 10in tall and of a slimmer build than the first man. He has very short, shaven hair and was wearing dark clothing, including a pair of jeans and a t-shirt.

The third male is described as white, around 5ft 7in tall and of a large build. He was wearing a white/light grey t-shirt.

Detective Constable Geoff Scarborough, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not physically harmed but he was understandably left shaken by what happened.

"It is thought that there were a number of people nearby at the time that might have seen what happened or have seen the offenders.

"I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch. If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101, or email me at _geoffrey.scarborough@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/59096/19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
