```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives are appealing for the public\u2019s help following a robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2020
title: "Robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-bishops-stortford-1535a
```

* ## The incident occurred in Rye Street.

 * ## A jacket, hat and bag were stolen from a teenage boy.

 * ## All enquiries have been exhausted and police are appealing for potential witnesses.

Detectives are appealing for the public's help following a robbery in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred in Rye Street, just after midnight on Sunday 26 January.

A 16-year-old boy was walking along the road when he was approached by two males from behind, near the Fiat dealership. He was then dragged into an alleyway and punched in the face, before his jacket, hat and bag was taken.

The first suspect is described as black, around 5ft 11in tall, with short dark curly hair. He was wearing skinny jeans with rips at the knees.

The second suspect is described as white, around 6ft tall, with ginger hair and a tattoo on his left hand. He was wearing a black Northface puffer jacket.

Detective Constable Christopher Golding, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We have exhausted all forensic and CCTV opportunities as part of our investigation and have been unable to identify the suspects so far. "We are now appealing for the public's help. I appreciate the incident occurred sometime ago but if you do remember seeing anything suspicious on the evening, or have dash cam footage which could assist our enquiries, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to email. You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/8703/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
