```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a sexual assault and theft which occurred in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2017
title: Appeal after teenager was sexually assaulted in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-teenager-was-sexually-assaulted-in-Hoddesdon
```

* ### Police appeal for information and witnesses afteralleged sexual assault and theft.

 * ### Occurred in Hoddesdon at around 3.30pm on Monday, October 2.

 * ### Victim was walking in Rye Park when the incident happened.

Officers investigating a sexual assault and theft which occurred in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 3.30pm on Monday (October 2) the victim - a 16 year old girl - was walking in Rye Park when a teenage boy known to her took her mobile phone from her pocket and refused to give it back. He then pushed her into a bush and sexually assaulted her, stopping when a woman walking a dog passed by. At this stage the victim managed to struggle free and escape.

PC Sam Jarvis, who is investigating, said: "I would like to speak to the lady who was walking her dog as she may have key information that could help our investigation. If you were walking your dog in the area around the time stated please contact me by calling Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K1/17/2536.

"This was obviously a distressing incident for the victim and she is currently being supported by specialist officers from the Constabulary."

Anyone who has information that could assist the investigation can contact PC Jarvis via **101**.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

 * A 15 year old boy from Hoddesdon has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault and theft. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
