```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision in St Albans that left a family without a mother, grandmother and great-grandmother are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information one year on from the tragic incident.
publish:
  date: 27 Sep 2018
title: "One year anniversary appeal following fatal collision \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/one-year-anniversary-appeal-following-fatal-collision-st-albans-1830
```

* ### Police are continuing to appeal for information following a fatal collision in St Albans that claimed the life of 76-year-old Barbara Liddle

 * ### It happened in Camp Road just before 8.20pm on Thursday, September 28, 2017 as Barbara crossed the road outside her home

 * ### The driver of the vehicle which struck Barbara did not stop at the scene - and one year on, officers are still pursuing a number of lines of enquiry

Officers investigating a fatal collision in St Albans that left a family without a mother, grandmother and great-grandmother are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information one year on from the tragic incident.

On Thursday, September 28, 2017, Barbara Liddle crossed the road outside her home on Camp Road in order to wait for a friend to collect her before a darts match. Shortly before 8.20pm, she was hit by a vehicle that did not stop.

Sadly Barbara, known as Barbie to her family and friends, died from her injuries. The 76-year-old left her children Sharon and Kevin and their partners, as well as her grandchildren, great-grandchildren and her friends.

PC Jackie Lister, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Somewhere out there is the person who did this, and for the past year they have carried on living their lives. Meanwhile Barbara's family have had to cope with the devastating consequences of that person's actions after they chose to leave the scene.

"They hold the information that would help us understand what happened on that night. To have a loved one taken from you so cruelly in this way is unimaginable, and even though we know it won't bring her back we want to get answers for Barbara and her family.

"Please, if you are the person who did this, do the right thing and hand yourself in. We also appeal to others to think back to this time last year. Did a member of your family or one of your friends start acting strangely? Did they have damage to the front of their vehicle that they couldn't explain?

"I want to reassure Barbara's family that we are still following a number of lines of enquiry and will continue to do so until all of these have been exhausted."

Sharon Liddle, Barbara's daughter, said: "The past year without Mum has been dreadful. I've tried to take it one day at a time, but it's been really difficult. I miss her so much.

"Mum and I used to see each other every day and on a Monday we used to go shopping. We were very close.

"My children have found it very hard to adjust to life without their Nan because they always used to pop in and visit her as she only lived a few doors away. I am very lucky to have my family and friends, who have rallied round and been a huge support to me since Mum passed away.

"In December last year, the Royston Social Club on College Road held a darts tournament in Mum's memory and raised £1,000. We were so grateful."

Kevin Donaghey-Liddle, Barbara's son, lives in Blackpool with his husband Brian. He said: "Mum was always a shoulder to lean on. She supported us throughout our lives and is truly missed. She was there for my marriage to Brian and did the honour of walking me down the aisle. I will never forget that.

"We miss her visits to us in Blackpool for holidays and our weekly catch-up phone calls every Sunday. We planted a tree in her honour at her favourite park in Blackpool thanks to the generosity of those who donated to her fundraiser at the Royston Social Club last December.

"This is a time of great sadness for us all and we urge anyone with information to come forward."

Anyone with information should contact the Forensic Collision Investigation Unit by emailing FCIUsouth@Herts.pnn.police.uk, or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Canton. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Barbara Liddle
