```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman who tried to stab a police officer as he attempted to arrest her has been sentenced to two years and seven months in prison.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2018
title: Woman sentenced to two and a half years in prison for assaulting a police officer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-sentenced-to-two-and-a-half-years-in-prison-for-assaulting-a-police-officer
```

* The 31-year-old woman lunged at a police constable with a knife before she was restrained
 * She continued to be aggressive and abusive towards officers while in custody
 * Received two year and seven month sentence for the incident in August last year

A woman who tried to stab a police officer as he attempted to arrest her has been sentenced to two years and seven months in prison.

Yasaman Rashidi, aged 31, of Richards Street, Hatfield, pleaded guilty to attempted GBH following the incident on August 16 last year.

St Albans Crown Court heard that on that date, officers had attended Rashidi's address with the intention of arresting her for failing to appear at court for an unrelated matter.

However, Rashidi initially refused to engage with officers and was verbally abusive before opening her front door and attempting to stab a Police Constable with a knife.

The officer put his arms up to defend himself and the knife missed his neck and face, just grazing his arm.

His colleagues subsequently restrained Rashidi and throughout the whole incident she continued to be verbally abusive, even attempting to bite officers as she was arrested and taken into custody.

She was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Thursday, April 19).

Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who at the time was in charge of the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "It is thanks to the Police Constable's quick thinking and professionalism that he was not more seriously hurt in the attack. This is the perfect example of the dangers frontline officers face every day while serving and protecting the public.

"We take any assault on our officers extremely seriously, and both verbal and physical abuse will not be tolerated.

"Ms Rashidi has shown no remorse for her despicable actions and I think the sentence that has been handed to her demonstrates the fact that you will be punished if you choose to deliberately injure a police officer in their line of duty. I hope she uses her time in prison to reflect on her behaviour."
