```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Warrants were executed at four addresses across Hemel Hempstead on Wednesday morning (March 14) as part of an on-going operation to crackdown on drugs and associated criminality.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2018
title: Warrants executed at addresses in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warrants-executed-at-addresses-in-hemel-hempstead-1794
```

* ### Warrants were carried out at four addresses across Hemel Hempstead, under Operation Sanitize.

 * ### A number of items were seized including a quantity of drugs.

 * ### Enquiries are continuing.

Warrants were executed at four addresses across Hemel Hempstead on Wednesday morning (March 14) as part of an on-going operation to crackdown on drugs and associated criminality.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, Scorpion unit and Operational Support Group carried out the warrants at addresses in Polehanger Lane, Springfield Road, Boxted Road and Aubery Road under the Misuse of Drugs act Act 1971.

A number of items were seized including class A and class B drugs, an imitation firearm and a decommissioned firearm. Investigations are continuing.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Paul Mitson said: "These warrants were carried out under Operation Sanitize, our recently launched, targeted response against those involved in drug supply in Dacorum.

"I hope this action sends a clear message that we will not tolerate the actions of those involved in the supply of drugs and we will continue to do everything we can to make life as hostile as possible for them.

"If you have concerns about drug supply or criminality in your neighbourhood, please don't suffer in silence, report it to police. Your calls can make a real difference by helping us to build up an intelligence picture and target those whose activities are having a detrimental effect on the lives of residents. If you would prefer to provide information anonymously, you can do so through Crimestoppers."

Anyone with information can call the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
