```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following two robberies in Waltham Cross yesterday (Saturday 19 December).
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2020
title: Appeal following two robberies in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-two-robberies-in-waltham-cross-1017
```

* ### There were two robberies in Waltham Cross yesterday (Saturday 19 December)

 * ### One occurred at the bus station in Eleanor Cross Road and the other happened in Trinity Lane

 * ### High visibility patrols are being increased in the areas

 * ### If you can help, call 101 or email Sgt Neil Gordon at neil.gordon@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following two robberies in Waltham Cross yesterday (Saturday 19 December).

The first incident happened yesterday at the bus station in Eleanor Cross Road. At around 4.45pm, a group of five black males approached a 15 year old boy and took his orange-coloured bicycle (crime reference 41/101895/20).

The second incident happened shortly before midnight in Trinity Lane. A 21 year old man - and his two friends - was walking along the street with an electric scooter. They were approached by two males who then took the scooter (crime reference 41/101965/20). The suspects were both described as black, with one approximately 5ft 10in tall and the other approximately 6ft tall.

Sergeant Neil Gordon, from the Cheshunt West Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "In both incidents the offenders were described as being in possession of a knife and I would like to reassure the community that we are carrying out extensive enquiries to trace those responsible. We are also increasing high visibility patrols in the areas.

"I'd like to appeal to anyone who saw what happened or anyone with information about the robberies to get in touch. I am also keen to hear from anyone who thinks they have seen the stolen property or been offered them for sale. Any information you have, no matter how small it might be, could be vital to the investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at neil.gordon@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting the relevant crime reference number."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
