```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating reports of criminal damage to a property in Welwyn Garden City are appealing to trace anyone who may have witnessed the incident.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following alleged criminal damage to property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-alleged-criminal-damage-to-property-2067B
```

* ### The criminal damage happened in Verulam Close on Saturday, November 10 at 3.50pm.

 * ### A man reportedly threw a wheelie bin through the window of the property after banging on the front door.

 * ### If you witnessed this incident or have any information that might help our investigation, please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/54909/18.

Officers investigating reports of criminal damage to a property in Welwyn Garden City are appealing to trace anyone who may have witnessed the incident.

It is alleged to have happened at 3.50pm on Saturday, November 10 in Verulam Close.

The victim, a man in his 60s, was inside the property when it is reported that a man started banging on the front door before allegedly throwing a wheelie bin through the window.

Detective Constable Duncan Hoskins said: "We are continuing our enquiries into this alleged incident and are particularly keen to trace a member of the public who may have been walking past at the time.

"We would really like to speak to this person as they may have information that is vital to our investigation.

"We would like to take this opportunity to reassure the community that those involved are believed to be known to each other and we are not treating this as a random attack."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/54909/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 45-year-old man from Welwyn Garden City was arrested in connection with this incident. He has been released on bail until Wednesday, December 12.
