```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Broxbourne have issued notices of intended prosecution to 52 registered keepers of vehicles seen driving anti-socially in Cheshunt at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2020
title: Notices of intended prosecution issued following car meet in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/notices-of-intended-prosecution-issued-following-car-meet-in-cheshunt-0923K
```

* ### More than 50 notices of intended prosecution have been issued to vehicle owners after anti-social driving in Cheshunt.

 * ### They were all issued following an incident on Sunday 22 November.

 * ### The drivers are to be reported for driving without due care and attention.

Officers in Broxbourne have issued notices of intended prosecution to 52 registered keepers of vehicles seen driving anti-socially in Cheshunt at the weekend.

Police received multiple calls at around 9.30pm on Sunday (22 November) reporting a car meet and concerns about the manner of driving at The Brookfield Centre, Halfhide Lane.

Officers attended, closed part of the centre's car park and moved the vehicles on, the car park was clear by 10.30pm.

Details were taken on the evening by officers, who also used CCTV and ANPR cameras, to identify vehicles being driven without due care and attention.

PC Lewis Wilkinson, of the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Officers attended the incident swiftly after receiving reports about it and the detrimental effect it was having on local concerned residents.

"The vehicles were moved on and following excellent work on the evening, and since, we have been able to identify the vehicles involved.

"Notices of intended prosecution have been sent to the registered keepers asking who the drivers were on the night so they can be reported for driving without due care and attention under section three of the Road Traffic Act 1988.

"Anti-social driving is not welcome in the borough and in incidents like this we will look to prosecute anyone found to be committing driving offences."
