```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Fourteen young people, aged between 13 and 18, paraded in front of senior police officers at their annual parade at Hertsmere Borough Council\u2019s Civic Offices."
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2018
title: Hertsmere police cadets parade in front of senior police officers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertsmere-police-cadets-parade-in-front-of-senior-police-officers-2084J
```

* ### Fourteen young people, aged between 13 and 18, paraded in front of senior police officers.

 * ### The cadets were presented with certificates and awards after a short film of achievements was screened.

 * ### Hertsmere Volunteer Police Cadets are currently recruiting new and vibrant young people to join their programme.

Fourteen young people, aged between 13 and 18, paraded in front of senior police officers at their annual parade at Hertsmere Borough Council's Civic Offices.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe, Hertsmere's Mayor Brenda Batten and family and friends of the cadets were at the ceremony, which took place last week (Tuesday November 6).

The cadets were presented with certificates and awards after a short film of achievements was screened. During the past year, the police cadets have been on a team building summer camp in Kent, attended the Shenley Fete and the Borehamwood police station open day as stewards.

Jake Pike, the chairman and volunteer for the Volunteer Police Cadets, said: "This is a fantastic opportunity for young people to get involved in positive activities that benefits not only themselves but the wider community.

"We have been away again this year on our summer camp where the team participated in high rope climbs, water sports and team building activities."

He said: "As a police cadet, they are given discipline as well as the opportunity to get involved in fun activities and the chance to make new friends. It is also instrumental in bridging the gap between young people and the police."

Hertsmere Volunteer Police Cadets are currently recruiting new and vibrant young people to join their programme.

If you are aged 13-18, live or go to school within Hertsmere - Borehamwood, Bushey, Potters Bar, Shenley, Radlett or South Mimms and want to have an insight into policing, learn law, interact with members of the public and make a difference, then this could be for you.

Please use this email to request the relevant joining documents.
