```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team has secured a full Closure Order on a property in Hitchin following numerous complaints around anti-social behaviour and criminal activity at the address.
publish:
  date: 31 Aug 2018
title: Closure Order granted for property in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-granted-for-property-in-hitchin-1722G
```

* ### Police have received numerous complaints around anti-social behaviour at the address.

 * ### Anyone who enters the property can be arrested.

 * ### The order is in place for three months.

North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team has secured a full Closure Order on a property in Hitchin following numerous complaints around anti-social behaviour and criminal activity at the address.

The order, which prohibits anyone from entering the property for three months, was granted by Stevenage Magistrate's Court yesterday (Thursday, August 30). Anyone who enters the property can be arrested.

The application was made under the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 after several reports to police and the local housing provider about the property in Dugdale Court and was approved due to the weight of evidence presented.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Alan Clarke said: "ASB has a hugely detrimental impact on the quality of life of those living in the community. This type of behaviour will not be tolerated and the inconsiderate actions of a few individuals will not be allowed to harm the enjoyment of the environment by the majority.

"This legislation allows us to react swiftly to such situations and ensure that peace and tranquillity are restored. I would like to thank the public for assisting police with this matter and I am delighted that families and children once again feel able to play in the communal areas of the location."

If you are experiencing similar behaviour in your neighbourhood you can report information online or call the non-emergency number 101.
