```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been charged with GBH following an incident in Hertford where a man sustained multiple stab wounds.
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020
title: Teenager charged following stabbing in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-following-stabbing-in-hertford-0621
```

* ### A 17-year-old boy appeared at court yesterday.

 * ### A second man has also been arrested as part of the investigation.

 * ### Enquiries are continuing.

A teenager has been charged with GBH following an incident in Hertford where a man sustained multiple stab wounds.

The 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared at Hatfield Magistrates' Court yesterday (Monday 14 September) where he was released on conditional bail until his next hearing on Friday 9 October.

A 27-year-old man has also been arrested as part of the investigation and has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

Police were called at around 9.45pm on Thursday 10 September following an incident in The Knoll.

It was reported that a man aged in his 20s had sustained multiple injuries after being confronted by an unknown group of males near a garage block.

He was treated by the ambulance service at the scene, before being taken to hospital. He has since been discharged.

Detective Sergeant Jim Miller, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim's injuries were not deemed to be life threatening, but the situation could easily have been so much worse, had he not been wearing a leather motorcycle jacket.

"An investigation was launched by the Local Crime Unit and two people were swiftly arrested in connection with the incident. Our enquiries are continuing at this time and anyone with information who hasn't yet spoken to police is urged to please come forward."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/72704/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
