```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Borehamwood are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-borehamwood-1137
```

* ### On Thursday 17 October, several items of clothing were stolen from Eco Associates Worldwide in Shenley Road.

 * ### Officers are appealing for information, and releasing an image of a man they would like to identify as he may be able to assist with enquiries.

 * ### It's believed this incident may be linked to two futher reports of theft in the area.

Officers investigating a theft in Borehamwood are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to help with their enquiries.

On Thursday 17 October, at around 6pm, several items of clothing were stolen from Eco Associates Worldwide in Shenley Road.

PCSO Natalie Lancaster, from the Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We're hoping that someone may be able to identify the man pictured, as we believe that he was in the shop at the time and may have information which could assist us with our investigation.

"If you recognise him, or have any information, please contact us."

It is believed this incident may also be linked to two further reports of theft in the area. On Monday 18 November, at around 8.50pm, several bottles of alcohol were stolen from the BP petrol station on Elstree Way. On Saturday 23 November, at around 5am, a television worth over £300 was stolen from the Shenley Road branch of Tesco.

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Lancaster directly via email at _Natalie.Lancaster@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via http://herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/94356/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
