```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a stabbing incident in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2020
title: Appeal following stabbing in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-stabbing-in-Stevenage-0558
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a stabbing incident in Stevenage.

Officers were called just after 2.30pm yesterday (Thursday, August 27) to reports that a man had been stabbed in Sish Lane.

A 19 year old had suffered a laceration to his ankle and was taken to hospital with injuries that are not life threatening.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "Officers were quickly on the scene and two teenage boys were arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm.

"A 17 year old boy remains in police custody while a 16 year old boy has been released under investigation while our enquiries continue.

"We know that Sish Lane was busy with traffic at the time of the offence. If you saw what happened and have not yet spoken to police please get in touch. If you were in the area at the time and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle please check the footage to see if you have captured anything that could be used as evidence."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/68781/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
