```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious assault in Waltham Cross today (Saturday, February 17).
publish:
  date: 17 Feb 2018
title: Did you witness serious assault in Waltham Cross?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-serious-assault-in-waltham-cross
```

* ### The incident occurred in Holdbrook Court at 2.40am today.

 * ### A man in his late 20s sustained wounds to his back.

 * ### Police are investigating and anyone with information is urged to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious assault in Waltham Cross today (Saturday, February 17).

Police were called at 2.40am to report that a man aged in his late 20s had suffered stab wounds to his back, outside Holdbrook Court.

He was taken to hospital for treatment and has since been discharged.

Detective Sergeant Thomas Hardy, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "Officers are currently carrying out extensive enquiries in the area to establish the circumstances surrounding the incident. If you have any concerns, please do speak with them.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened or may have information which could assist our investigation to please get in touch.

"We are continuing to do everything we can to tackle knife crime across Hertfordshire and anyone found to be involved will be dealt with robustly. Carrying a knife is not glamourous or tough and could have severe consequences."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/18/842. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
