```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Watford man has been jailed at St Albans Crown Court after being found guilty of raping a woman at an address in the town in 2018.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2020
title: Watford man jailed for rape
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watford-man-jailed-for-rape-0986
```

* ### Alireza Ghodrat has been jailed for seven years and six months.

 * ### He stalked his victim before raping her in her home.

 * ### If you have been a victim of rape, help and support is available

Watford man has been jailed at St Albans Crown Court after being found guilty of raping a woman at an address in the town in 2018.

Alireza Ghodrat, aged 25, from Dodd Road, was sentenced to seven years and six months on Tuesday (8 December) following a trial. He was also placed on the sex offenders' register indefinitely.

The victim met Ghodrat by chance five months prior to the rape. They corresponded with each other via text on a platonic basis.

However, Ghodrat became obsessed with the victim and went to her home without invitation on a number of occasions.

On two occasions, the victim woke up to find him in her bedroom, staring at her.

The stalking culminated in him raping her in her kitchen in December 2018, as she was making a hot drink after work.

The victim's friend, who was worried about the suspect's strange behaviour, contacted police and an investigation was launched.

Detective Constable Sam Hunt, from the Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Unit (SOIT), said: "Ghodrat's actions were absolutely appalling and left his victim living in fear. He behaved obsessively towards her for a number of months before committing a violent rape against her at her home.

"I would like to commend the victim for the bravery and dignity she has shown throughout the trial. The horrific ordeal has left her feeling unsafe in her home, yet Ghodrat showed total disregard for the impact his actions had on her.

"Nothing will ever erase this harrowing ordeal from her memory, but I hope the sentence can at least bring some small sense of closure to her."

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact the Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email or visit the SARC website. This service is open to everyone - men, women and young people, no matter how long ago the abuse occurred.

You can also report information to police online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.
