```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Wheathampstead member of the public who called police after seeing a car acting suspiciously provided information which helped officers arrest three teenagers in connection with some business burglaries.
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2017
title: Three arrested following business burglaries thanks to a quick-thinking member of the public
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-arrested-following-business-burglaries-thanks-to-quick-thinking-member-of-the-public
```

* ### Member of the public helps police arrest burglary suspects

 * ### Three boys arrested

 * ### Advice on securing your business premise

A Wheathampstead member of the public who called police after seeing a car acting suspiciously provided information which helped officers arrest three teenagers in connection with some business burglaries.

The witness managed to note a partial registration number which enabled officers to arrest the three suspects following three burglaries on Thursday November 9.

The burglaries were at the Post Office, Impressions, and La Beautique in the High Street. Tills and cash were stolen.

Three males under the age of 18 from Dunstable and Leighton Buzzard were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to burgle. Two have been given police bail until December 5. The other has been released under investigation.

Detective Sergeant Katy Jackson said: "The important information from the member of the public helped us identify the three suspects. Please always call us if you see people or vehicles acting suspiciously."

She added: "Businesses owners, please make sure no cash is stored overnight in your premises and invest in good quality locks."

Hertfordshire Constabulary also advises:

 * Install a visual burglar alarm
 * Install good outside lighting
 * Do not to keep cash on the premises, and advertise this to be the case.
 * Consider using a secure bolted-down safe
 * Identify areas that may be vulnerable to forced entry and have them made more secure / burglar-resistant
 * Make sure your CCTV is operational, and provides good quality images.
