```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is urging drivers to make sure they keep their vehicles secure this summer following increases in motor vehicle crime.
publish:
  date: 20 Jul 2020
title: Protect your vehicle this summer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/protect-your-vehicle-this-summer-310
```

* ### Drivers advised to secure vehicles as criminals target catalytic converters and keyless entry vehicles

 * ### St Albans and Hertsmere hit by most catalytic converter thefts

 * ### Visit our security advice page to make your vehicle safer

Hertfordshire Constabulary is urging drivers to make sure they keep their vehicles secure this summer following increases in motor vehicle crime.

Crime in general has fallen since the lockdown came into force, however there has been an increase in thefts of catalytic convertors, up from 45 to 116 offences between 1 April 2020 and 30 June 2020 (compared with the same period in 2019). During this period St Albans has seen the largest increase with 28 offences, up from five, and Hertsmere had 23 offences, up from eight last year.

Keyless thefts of vehicles have also increased during this period. This is where thieves use a device to bypass a vehicle's security system, by using the signal from the vehicle's key fob to unlock and start the engine.

Devices can also be used to clone key fobs if a criminal manages to get access to a fob. There have also been several reports of a scam targeting vehicles being sold privately, where criminals arrive to view the vehicle and switch the key fobs with a replica. They then return at a later time and steal the vehicle using the stolen fob.

Inspector Nicola Dean from the Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit said: "Whilst most crime has reduced during lockdown, criminals have been targeting vehicles for their catalytic converters, which they sell for the precious metals used to build the units. The criminals have been especially targeting hybrid models of Toyota and Honda brands so I would advise owners these types of vehicles to get their catalytic converters security marked and invest in a catloc device to deter thieves.

"We have also had an increase in the theft of keyless entry vehicles, with thieves using electronic devices to boost the signal from the vehicle's keyless fob. If the key is close enough to the vehicle, even if it is inside the home, the device can detect the fob signal and use it to open and start it. There's a number of steps you can take to prevent this but one of the most effective deterrents is an old fashioned steering wheel lock."

To help protect your catalytic converter:

 * Don't park your car/van half on the pavement as it makes it easier for the thieves to get underneath it.
 * If you have a diesel van or other high clearance vehicles having your catalytic converter marked, or secured can deter thieves who steal them for the precious metal components.
 * Park in a garage or other secure area if possible.
 * Consider property marking your catalytic converter. It is cheap and may reduce your insurance.
 * A sign in your window saying your catalytic converter has been marked may well deter thieves.
 * Consider buying a catloc clamp to secure your catalytic converter to your vehicle and get it security marked.

To help prevent your vehicle being stolen:

 * Never hand vehicle keys over to a third party or leave the vehicle unattended at a valet parking, car wash or other parking places, where criminals can gain access to the vehicle and code a key electronically.
 * Consider fitting an 'OBD safe', a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's on board diagnostic (OBD) port, in the vehicle cabin. This prevents criminals using software to code a key from the vehicle.
 * Consider fitting a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS, to make it more difficult for the tracking signal being blocked.
 * Criminals can also employ remote/keyless entry jamming equipment so make sure your car is locked by trying the door before leaving it.
 * Ensure that 'home' on your vehicle 'Sat Nav' is shown as the post code of your local police station and not your actual home address.
 * Use an approved* steering wheel lock and never leave your vehicle unlocked - even for a moment

*We recommend products that are "Sold Secure", see their website for details: www.soldsecure.com or "Secured By Design", see their website: www.securedbydesign.com.

More advice on how to make your vehicle safe is available at: www.herts.police.uk/protectyourproperty.
