```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Local officers in Bishop\u2019s Stortford will be hosting special police surgeries in the town in the run up to Christmas."
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2017
title: "Police surgeries planned for Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-surgeries-planned-for-bishops-stortford-1155A
```

* ### Police hold surgeries for local residents in the run up to Christmas.

 * ### Local Officers in Bishop's Stortford offer advice on burglary prevention.

 * ### Local officers give out purse bells to deter dippers in Bishop's Stortford.

Local officers in Bishop's Stortford will be hosting special police surgeries in the town in the run up to Christmas.

The events will allow local residents to meet their neighbourhood officers and pick up some timely crime prevention advice and tips in the run up to Christmas.

"We are now seeing a rise in purse dippings in the town centres in East Herts," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins. "Now that the shops are getting busier, it's rich pickings for dippers. We will be giving out purse bells and other crime prevention advice to help shoppers stay safe.

"At this time of year we also tend to see an increase in the number of burglaries, as burglars know that people will be often storing expensive items as gifts in the run up until Christmas. We will be offering advice regarding the latest smart technology designed to make properties more secure and other crime prevention advice to make homes less attractive to would be thieves."

The police surgeries will be taking place on the following days:

**Saturday 2 nd December - the Bishop's Stortford Christmas Fayre - 9am - 4pm. **

**Wednesday 6 th December 5pm - 7pm in Jacksons Square, Bishops Stortford.**

**Coffee With A Cop, Saturday 9 th December - 3pm 5pm in Sainsbury's Cafe, Jacksons Square, Bishops Stortford. **

**Thursday 14th December - 2pm-4pm in Jacksons Square, Bishops Stortford.**

**Coffee With A Cop, Thursday 21 st December 2pm-4pm in Costa Coffee, Potter Street, Bishops Stortford.**

 Visit **www.owlprotect.uk** for discounts on security products
