```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Ware are appealing to local residents to behave responsibly and take extra precautions when they leave their vehicles unattended, following a rise in car crime in the town.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2018
title: Thefts from vehicles on the increase in Hertford and Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thefts-from-vehicles-on-the-increase-in-hertford-and-ware-1927A
```

* ### Thefts from cars on the rise.

 * ### Vehicles left insecure or with items on display.

 * ### Vans targeted for tools.

Police in Ware are appealing to local residents to behave responsibly and take extra precautions when they leave their vehicles unattended, following a rise in car crime in the town.

In the past two weeks 15 cars and vans have been targeted by thieves and some of them appear to have been left insecure. The items targeted include trade tools, mobile phones, Sat Navs, sunglasses, clothes, watches and cash.

"We are experiencing high levels of vehicle crime in the town at the moment and again we are appealing for people NOT to leave items of any value in their vehicle, as is just a green light to thieves," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Michael Clark. "As we have seen here, thieves will take almost anything that is left on display.

"There is also a good chance that your car insurance will be invalid if your vehicle has been left insecure, meaning you would not be able to claim on your insurance for any of the items stolen and it could also affect your no claims policy.

"If you do need to leave trade tools in the vehicle when it is not in use please take extra precautions to keep them safe. Fit extra security to your van and security mark all tools to make them less attractive to thieves and easier to trace if they are stolen."

"If you own a vehicle which has a keyless start function, make sure you keep the keys well away from the vehicle and preferably in a Faraday bag or similar to stop would be thieves being able to start your car remotely."

If you witness anyone behaving suspiciously around vehicles and you believe a crime maybe in progress call 999 immediately. Anyone other information should be reported via the non-emergency number 101, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
