```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault at The Oval shops in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2018
title: Witnesses sought following assault at The Oval
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-assault-at-the-oval-0489E
```

* ### Man stabbed in the leg in what police believe to be a targeted attack.

 * ### Officers appeal for anyone at The Oval Shops to get in touch.

 * ### Police working to locate the offender.

Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault at The Oval shops in Stevenage.

The incident occurred at 12.25pm on Saturday July 7. It is believed that an 18 year old man was approached whilst in the area and stabbed in the leg by another man.

The victim is currently being treated at the Lister Hospital and officers are working to trace the offender.

Detective Sergeant Bianca Broadbent said: "This offence happened at a busy time of the day and although we have spoken to many people who were in the area, we are appealing for anyone who has information that could help this investigation, but who has not yet contacted us, to get in touch.

"We believe the men may have been known to each other and it is likely this was a targeted attack. We want to trace the offender as soon as possible.

If you have any information that could help the investigation please contact DS Bianca Broadbent on 101 quoting crime reference number 41/15235/18 or report online

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
