```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are releasing CCTV footage of two people attempting to break into a parking ticket machine in Welwyn Garden City and are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify the offenders."
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2018
title: 'CCTV appeal: Do you recognise these people?'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-do-you-recognise-these-people-0434B
```

* ### Police are releasing CCTV footage of two people attempting to break into a parking ticket machine in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### Officers are appealing to the public to help identify the offenders.

 * ### They arrived at the Hunters Bridge car park on a motorcycle before using crowbars to attempt to access the ticket machine.

Police are releasing CCTV footage of two people attempting to break into a parking ticket machine in Welwyn Garden City and are appealing for the public's help to identify the offenders.

At around 1am on Sunday, June 17, two people rode a motorcycle into the Hunters Bridge car park in Osborn Way. They then used crowbars and spent several minutes attempting to access one of the car park's ticket machines. They also smashed one of the CCTV cameras.

PC Alex Smedley, who is investigating, said: "Although these offenders were not successful in gaining access to the ticket machine they have caused a significant amount of damage.

"I'm appealing for anyone who recognises these people, or perhaps the motorcycle they were travelling on, to get in touch as you may have information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Smedley by emailing, calling 101, quoting crime reference 41/8463/18 or report information online .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
