```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Hemel Hempstead are appealing to the public for information.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: "Appeal for information following an indecent exposure \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-an-indecent-exposure-hemel-hempstead-0264d
```

* ## A woman witnessed a man indecently exposing himself on the canal towpath off Two Waters Road at 4.30pm on Monday 15 June.

 * ## The suspect is described as white, aged in his mid-thirties, of slim build with red hair.

 * ## If you saw a man matching the description in the area at the time of the offence, please contact police quoting 41/46956/20.

Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Hemel Hempstead are appealing to the public for information.

It happened on the canal towpath off Two Waters Road, heading away from B&Q, at 4.30pm on Monday 15 June.

The victim, a woman, was walking her dog when she saw a man standing in some bushes. She then noticed that he was indecently exposing himself.

She carried on walking before informing police. The man did not attempt to follow her or speak to her.

The suspect is described as white, aged in his mid-thirties and of slim build. He is between 5ft 9in and 5ft 10in tall with red hair. He was wearing dark-coloured clothing, including a dark-coloured hoodie with the hood up.

PC Nick Kent, who is investigating, said: "We have carried out extensive enquiries into this incident and are now appealing to the public for assistance. The victim said there were several other people around at the time who may have witnessed what happened, so I am appealing to anyone who saw the incident to please get in touch."

You can email PC Kent, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/46956/20.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
