```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in St Albans are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-stalbans-f
```

Officers investigating an alleged assault in St Albans are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 7pm on Tuesday, September 4 there was an altercation between a man, who was cycling through Highfield Park near the cemetery, and a group of youths. During the incident the man sustained minor injuries.

Afterwards the group left the area, heading in the direction of Alban Way.

Sergeant James Pickering is investigating and said: "We are continuing to investigate and as part of our enquiries we'd like to hear from anyone who was in the park around the time of the incident.

"If you saw the incident or the group before or after it, or have any other information that could assist us, please contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone who has information in relation to this incident is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/33820/18, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

***A** 14-year-old boy from St Albans has been arrested on suspicion of assault in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
