```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hoddesdon are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2019
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-hoddesdon-md2607
```

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hoddesdon are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

Shortly before 4pm on Saturday, February 9 a verbal altercation reportedly occurred between two men at The Bell public house in Burford Street.

During the altercation a man, aged in his 30s, sustained a serious injury to the leg.

He was airlifted to hospital for treatment and was discharged at a later date.

DC Sprent from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit said: "I want to reassure the community that this was an isolated incident involving two people who are known to one another. There were a number of people in the pub at the time the incident happened, many of which may have seen what happened.

"I am appealing to any witnesses, who have not yet come forward to police, to contact us if you have any information about this incident."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Sprent on _claire.sprent@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/13141/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * Daniel Teagle, aged 31 and from High Street, Cheshunt, was charged with Section 20 GBH and appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on February 12. A pre-trial preparation hearing date has been set for March 18.
