```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership is supporting World Day Against Trafficking in Persons to help raise awareness of the issue amongst residents.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2019
title: Hertfordshire partnership marks World Day Against Trafficking in Persons 2019
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-partnership-marks-World-Day-Against-Trafficking-in-Persons-0575
```

* ### World Day Against Trafficking in Persons aims to help people recognise the signs of that someone is being exploited

 * ### Partnership in Hertfordshire is supporting the day, raising awareness among businesses and residents in the county

 * ### Visit www.stopexploitationherts.org.uk to learn more or follow the partnership on Twitter @HertsMSP

The Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership is supporting World Day Against Trafficking in Persons to help raise awareness of the issue amongst residents.

Today (Tuesday 30 July) messages are being shared around the world to help people to recognise the signs that someone is being exploited and where to report it.

The partnership has launched the website: www.stopexploitationherts.org.uk and Twitter channel @HertsMSP to provide all the information required to help identify and report suspected trafficking and exploitation of vulnerable individuals.

Mark Harvey, chair of the partnership's steering group, said: "The World Day Against Trafficking in Persons is an important campaign which helps to spread awareness of the terrible exploitation being suffered by people in Hertfordshire and across the country.

"Through the partnership more than 500 local authority, NHS and law enforcement workers in Hertfordshire have been trained on how to spot the signs of human trafficking and modern slavery. The work we have done so far has undoubtedly increased the number of potential victims identified and made Hertfordshire a harder place for criminals to exploit people."

Mark added: "As part of the day's activities, the partnership will be launching a Basic Modern Slavery Awareness Training PowerPoint and Handbook, so that all organisations can deliver basic training internally to all staff. These resources are the product of external training carried out by Operation Tropic* to local stakeholders from 2017-2019."

The partnership was set up in May 2017 and has been working to coordinate efforts to tackle these crimes in Hertfordshire. The partnership includes a victim pathway for public sector professionals in Hertfordshire to ensure that they refer potential victims they come into contact with to the correct channels for support.

Anyone with concerns about human trafficking or modern slavery should call police via 101 or the national Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700. In an emergency call 999. The Beacon hotline 03000 11 55 55 is open from Monday to Friday 8am-8pm and Saturday 9am-5pm or visit the website: www.stopexploitationherts.org.uk for information and advice to access support.

*Operation Tropic is Hertfordshire Constabulary's specialist unit set up to tackle human trafficking and modern slavery.
