```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs was seized following a police operation to tackle county lines* drug dealing in East Hertfordshire.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2020
title: Four arrested following drug warrant in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrested-following-drug-warrant-in-hertford-1939a
```

* ## A large quantity of Class A drugs was seized during the operation.

 * ## One man has been charged and remanded in connection with drug supply offences.

 * ## Members of the public are encouraged to report any drug related activity to police.

Four people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs was seized following a police operation to tackle county lines* drug dealing in East Hertfordshire.

On Tuesday (4 February) a series of early morning arrest enquiries were carried out in Hertford and Enfield, led by officers from the East Herts Scorpion team and the Constabulary's Operation Mantis Unit**. They were supported by Scorpion colleagues from across the county, as well as the Operational Support Group.

As part of the operation, a warrant was also executed at an address in Windsor Drive, Hertford.

Cash was seized, alongside a large quantity of suspected crack cocaine and heroin, amongst other drug paraphernalia.

Four people were arrested for drug supply offences:

 * Izmir Krasniqi, aged 24, from Raynton Road in Enfield, has been charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. He appeared at Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Wednesday 5 February where he was remanded into custody to appear before St Albans Crown Court on Monday 9 March.
 * A 22-year-old man from London, who has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 22-year-old man from London, who has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 21-year-old woman from London, who has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Alex Wilcox, who oversees the East Herts Scorpion unit, said: "This was an intelligence-led operation which has resulted in the disruption of two prominent drug supply chains in Hertford.

"Drugs ruin lives and are often the catalyst for more serious and violent crimes, which can have a huge impact on local communities. We are constantly working behind the scenes to gather information about those who may be involved in drug supply and it's only a matter of time before we catch up with you.

"If you suspect drug dealing in your neighbourhood, please report it to police straightaway, your calls really do make a difference."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

* County lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas. It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'. Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.

** The Operation Mantis team was launched by the Constabulary in 2018 and is made up of officers who specialise in targeting serious and organised crime. Their aim is to identify and disrupt county line gang activity and the associated crime that goes with it.
