```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A dedicated team of police officers who work in partnership with the University of Hertfordshire and its students have been recognised for their work.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2018
title: University policing team scoop award for their hard work
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/university-policing-team-scoop-award-for-their-hard-work-0528B
```

* ### A team of police officers who work in partnership with the University of Hertfordshire and its students have been recognised for their work.

 * ### PC Jennifer Edwards, PCSO Mark Randall and PCSO Katie Wilkinson were chosen as the winners of the External Partner of the Year Award.

 * ### They received the award at the Vice Chancellor's Awards ceremony on June 28.

A dedicated team of police officers who work in partnership with the University of Hertfordshire and its students have been recognised for their work.

University Police Liaison Officers PC Jennifer Edwards, PCSO Mark Randall and PCSO Katie Wilkinson were chosen as the winners of the External Partner of the Year Award at the Vice Chancellor's Awards ceremony on June 28.

PC Edwards joined the team in April 2015, PCSO Randall in August 2016 and PCSO Wilkinson in November 2017.

As part of their roles, the trio start and end their duties in the Safer Neighbourhood Team office at Hatfield police station. In between these times, they work from the two university campuses, College Lane and De Havilland.

**_A day in the life_**

Jenny, Mark and Katie conduct daily patrols and crime prevention surgeries, working in line with the university's wellbeing and security services, as well as the student union.

They also work alongside the office of the Dean of Students, which manages the welfare and pastoral care of students as well as working alongside on-site security.

The liaison team's overall aim is to work in partnership with the university to identify and prevent student victims and/or witnesses and identify/prevent students becoming suspects by diverting potential offenders and assisting fellow officers, the council and environmental health officers with their investigations.

The team are members of PAHELO (Police Association for Higher Education Liaison Officers) which is a platform from which to share information and crime prevention strategies.

**_Policing priorities_**

Crime trends change every semester but the team remain focused on student safety and the prevention of on-site burglaries and bike thefts.

Their priority for 2018 - 2019 will be to increase the amount of information and intelligence the force receives from the student population, with the aim of deterring offenders and preventing students from becoming victims of crime.

**_Career opportunities and highlights_**

Jenny, who has been part of the university liaison team since April 2015, said: "For me, the best thing about the job is working within the university setting. It is a driven environment and one that is always looking to adapt and change for the better, with both students and staff always looking forward. I enjoy the challenges that come with that, and also the variety.

"Partnership working is at times complex due to its makeup but it comes with a real sense of achievement for us, as we not only have our colleagues within the police but now a new complete network of friends and colleagues within the university who are always willing to work together and solve issues."

Mark, who has been with the team since August 2016, recalls a time when he supported a student going through a tough situation. He said: "One of the most important aspects to our role is the continued support of the university staff and the students.

"On two separate occasions last year I was involved with the same man who was suffering with some serious mental health issues. It had got to the point that he was rejecting his family and friends, and the support they were offering.

"I was asked by the university housing team to and try and reason with the man. After several hours of gaining his trust, I managed to convince him to voluntarily admit himself into hospital to get the help he needed.

"It was important that I had the chance to speak to him face to face in order to get him the help he so desperately needed. I heard a couple of months later that he was still in hospital but that his recovery was going very well. I'm so pleased I was able to make a difference."

Katie, who has been working with the university since November 2017, remembers an occasion she went the extra mile to help a student: "A university student studying media asked us to help with a research paper she was working on. We got in contact with the relevant team here and organised an interview between the student and an officer. The student really appreciated the help and said the experience really was invaluable to her research."

Sophia Adams, Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector for Welwyn Hatfield, said: "This is a fantastic accolade for Jenny, Mark and Katie and is testament to their hard work and dedication. The university and its students are a big part of the fabric of our Community Safety Partnership and I am really proud of my team for forging such a positive relationship."

The award is given to an external business partner organisation that has demonstrated 'outstanding support and engagement' through its collaboration with the university. The winner is selected by the Office of the Vice Chancellor.

Professor Ian Campbell, Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the University of Hertfordshire and project sponsor of the 2018 Vice-Chancellor's Awards, said: "Here at the University of Hertfordshire, our successes and achievements are down to the passion, innovation and enterprise of many dedicated people within our community and this year's winner of the VCA award for the External Partner of the Year exemplifies this.

"The Community Police Team work tirelessly alongside our security and support teams to ensure all our students and staff live and work in a safe environment. Jenny, Mark and Katie always take time to update everyone involved in a situation and are often seen having a friendly chat with our students. It's so rare to have a Police team dedicated to a university; we're so fortunate and proud to have them as a part of our University
