```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are currently investigating an offence of outraging public decency in Stevenage, and are appealing for people who may have seen what happened to please come forward.
publish:
  date: 6 Sep 2019
title: "Appeal following incident of outraging public decency \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-of-outraging-public-decency-stevenage-0731e
```

* ### The incident occurred in Stevenage.

 * ### A 64 year old man has been arrested and released under investigation.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

We are currently investigating an offence of outraging public decency in Stevenage, and are appealing for people who may have seen what happened to please come forward.

The incident took place in Cineworld, at the Stevenage Leisure Park, at approximately 6pm on Saturday 17 August, when a man reportedly touched himself inappropriately during a film screening.

Police Constable Kat Murray-Rochard said: "If you were at the same film screening and left prior to police arrival, please get in contact with us, as you may have information which could assist our enquiries. We believe there are two people in particular who may have witnessed the incident, but they have not yet been identified."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Murray-Rochard via email

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/74726/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

* A 64-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been released under investigation.
