```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in London Colney are releasing photos of stolen jewellery in a bid to trace it.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2017
title: "Have you seen this jewellery? \u2013 London Colney"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-you-seen-this-jewellery-LondonColney-1122F
```

* ### The burglary occurred in Thamesdale between 8pm and 8.35pm on Wednesday, September 20.

 * ### A number of jewellery items were taken.

 * ### If you have any information or believe you may have been offered these items for sale, please get in touch.

Officers investigating a burglary in London Colney are releasing photos of stolen jewellery in a bid to trace it.

Between 8pm and 8.35pm on Wednesday, September 20, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Thamesdale. Along with a quantity of cash, the following items were taken:

 * A men's gold ring
 * A gold bangle
 * A diamond necklace
 * A women's gold ring
 * A gold bangle with a blue gem (pictured)
 * A gold bangle with a white gem
 * A gold necklace with a gold plated flower symbol (pictured)

Detective Constable Deji Afolabi, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who saw anything suspicious between the times stated to get in touch. Similarly, if you believe that you may have been offered one of these items for sale, please get in contact with me. You may have vital information that could help us trace these thieves and possibly reunite the victims with their jewellery which is of great sentimental value to them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Afolabi via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F3/17/2041 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **

Stolen jewellery Stolen jewellery
