```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CThe whole experience was scary and stressful; you feel guilty even though you haven\u2019t done anything wrong.\u201D"
publish:
  date: 28 Dec 2017
title: Is an organised crime gang turning your property into a cannabis factory?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/is-an-organised-crime-gang-turning-your-property-into-a-cannabis-factory-1375
```

* ### Woman describes moment she discovered her home was being used as a cannabis factory.

 * ### The number of factories being set up is on the increase.

 * ### Cannabis factories pose a real risk to communities.

 * ### If you suspect drug activity in your area, please report it to police.

"The whole experience was scary and stressful; you feel guilty even though you haven't done anything wrong." \- This is how one woman has described her reaction to finding out an organised crime gang had turned her rental property into a large-scale cannabis factory.

Sergeant Dave Perkins from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operational Support Group said: "Nationally, the number of cannabis 'factories' being set up is on the increase and we are currently dealing with around one a week in Hertfordshire alone.

"These set ups provide huge amounts of money for organised crime groups and pose a real risk to our communities. Often we find that these groups are using rental properties to cultivate cannabis, leaving property managers and landlords paying a high price due to the damage caused."

If organised criminals used your rental property you could:

 * Find your property is damaged due to unauthorised structural changes, which your insurance may not cover and could result in increased premiums.
 * Expose your property to increased risk of fire due to excessive cabling and flammable materials.
 * Lose rent during eviction and repair periods.
 * Have to deal with hostile tenants.
 * Be held liable by energy suppliers for outstanding bills.
 * Incur penalties, including loss of property use, property damage resulting from police raids and, in some cases, asset seizures.

Due to the nature and extent of alterations to properties where cannabis is being cultivated, there are many safety concerns. Holes may be cut into walls and ceilings to make way for wires and tubing, internal walls may be removed putting the property at risk of collapsing, floors could be sodden with water and liable to collapse under foot and there is also a very high risk of fire which could spread rapidly.

Darryl Keen, Chief Fire Officer at Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service, said: "Cannabis factories are a serious fire risk and are often set up with features that can injure anyone entering the property - that could include police, firefighters or the landlord. This is usually as a result of electrical safety features being bypassed or, worse still, deliberate attempts to booby trap the building. The removal of doors, or holes cut in walls can allow a fire that takes hold to develop very quickly. We would ask the public to report any suspicions to the police without delay."

One landlady, who wishes to remain anonymous, has spoken of the devastation caused at her five-bedroom property in a sought after area of Watford, after it was rented out. The short-term rental was agreed following contact via the Gumtree website. Cash was paid in advance and the £1,600 rent was paid every month without fail.

Having arranged the initial rental in person, the equipment and plants, as well as someone to manage the cultivation, were brought into the property.

Thanks to intelligence, the Constabulary's Operational Support Group officers were able to take action and shut the production down.

Three rooms and the loft at the property had been converted for the commercial production of cannabis, the electricity meter had been dangerously bypassed to power production. A total of 420 cannabis plants, in various stages of growth, were recovered from the premises with an estimated yield value of some £100,000.

The property owner said: "When I got the call from the police saying they had found a cannabis factory at my house, I thought it was a prank. Then they told me I would have to come to the police station.

"My first reaction when I got to the house was 'it stinks'. We had to repaint the whole house and change all the carpets and soft furnishings to get rid of the smell. The police took all the illegal stuff but we were then left with a load of wires and pots to dispose of. The place was a wreck.

"The whole experience was scary and stressful; it wasn't just the damage to the house, it was having to go through all the legal stuff. When I first got the call all I could think was how do I justify this? Am I liable? Will I go to prison? You feel guilty even though you haven't done anything wrong. It was such a huge relief when they said they knew I had nothing to do with it.

"But after that I had to live with the worry; I've met these people, they are criminals and they had my details, my address from the rental agreement, could they find me and ask for their rent back? Are they going to hurt me or my family? It was a lot to deal with and months of watching our backs, worrying for the children and being suspicious on daily basis about anybody."

A Vietnamese national was subsequently arrested, treated as a victim of people trafficking by officers and placed into care due to his age.

The original renters were discovered to be Chinese nationals using fraudulent British passports as ID and fake copies of bank statements and pay slips. They were never traced.

Sergeant Perkins said: "Working alongside our partners, we are committed to making Hertfordshire a hostile place for organised crime groups to operate. However, we also need the public to assist us in our fight by reporting any suspicious activity and looking out for the tell-tale signs that a cannabis factory is operating in your property or neighbourhood."

**What to look out for?**

 * A strong and sickly sweet smell
 * Lighting and ventilation equipment being taken into the house
 * Windows always covered or blocked off
 * People coming and going at all hours or neighbours you never see
 * Strong and constant lighting at all hours
 * High levels of condensation
 * Constant buzz of ventilation equipment
 * Lots of power cables around the property

If you suspect drug crime please contact police on the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Further advice and information for landlords is available from Crimestoppers here:

www.crimestoppers-uk.org/media/250424/landlord-cannabis_booklet_web-final.pdf

Cannabis factories can be extremely dangerous Cannabis Cannabis factory
