```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following an incident in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 5 Aug 2020
title: Witness appeal following incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-incident-in-stevenage-0463E
```

* ### Witnesses to a road traffic collision and subsequent altercation in Stevenage are being sought.

 * ### The incident took place on Friday 24 July around 5pm on Martins Way and Hitchin Road.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/59037/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following an incident in Stevenage.

At around 5pm on Friday 24 July there was a reported road traffic collision and subsequent altercation.

The incident took place on Martins Way, continued on Hitchin Road by The John Henry Newman School and through to the traffic lights outside Sainsbury's Coreys Mill.

The drivers of a silver Ford Tourneo minibus and a silver VW Golf were involved in a verbal altercation.

During the altercation, the suspect allegedly exited his vehicle and made threats while carrying an offensive weapon.

PC Steven Hill, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have seen this incident to get in touch to assist our enquiries.

"Were you in the area at the time? Do you have any relevant dash cam footage? If so I'd like to hear from you.

"I can be contacted directly via email to _steven.hill@herts.pnn.police.uk_ "

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/59037/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

 * A 39 year old man from Stevenage has been handed a conditional caution for possession of an offensive weapon.
