```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-welwyn-garden-city-md2353
```

Officers investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 4am and 4.17am on Thursday, December 27, Swallow Dell Primary School in Blackthorn Road was broken into.

A staff member returned to the locked school after the Christmas holidays and found the glass entrance door's lower panel had been smashed.

The offender(s) appear to have walked into multiple rooms and forced open staff lockers with a tool.

It is unknown if any items were stolen.

PC Rhianna Ward, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area between the times stated and believed they saw anyone acting suspiciously to get in touch.

"A security alarm was triggered and continued for about 15 minutes, so you may have heard it if you live nearby."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Ward by emailing _rhianna.ward@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/70821/18.

As well as contacting the investigating officer directly, you can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
