```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A special operation aimed at keeping people safe and cracking down on nuisance behaviour and criminal activity in the lead up to Christmas, has been launched in Stevenage Town Centre.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: Cracking Down on Crime in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cracking-down-on-crime-in-stevenage-1264E
```

* ### Police crackdown on pre-Christmas crime in Stevenage.

 * ### Hi vis and plain clothed officers on patrol.

 * ### Hot spot ASB and crime locations targeted.

A special operation aimed at keeping people safe and cracking down on nuisance behaviour and criminal activity in the lead up to Christmas, has been launched in Stevenage Town Centre.

Operation Tanker will see both plain clothed and high visibility patrols operating in hot spot areas.

"It's very busy at this time of year and we want people to stay safe and enjoy the festive period," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Nic Achilleos. "There are several areas in the town where we have a problem with anti-social behaviour, shop lifting and purse dipping.

"We will be operating special patrols at key times to prevent, disrupt and detect anti-social behaviour and acquisitive crime. Officers will be visible whilst on patrol in the town centre and will be happy to offer advice on how to stay safe and avoid becoming a victim of crime if asked, so please do approach them!"

The increased patrols have already seen several shoplifters apprehended and groups of youths dispersed; the team are hopeful that the coming weeks will see a reduction in reported incidents.

Remember to keep your belongings secure when out and about.

 * Don't leave valuables on display in vehicles and try to avoid leaving gifts already purchased in the car whilst you carry on shopping.
 * Think about putting your purse in a front pocket or use a handbag that can be closed properly so that it is more difficult for someone to open it and reach in.
 * Attaching a bell to your wallet or phone can make a real difference and help keep your valuables secure.
 * Keep your handbag in front of you so you can see it at all times.
 * Don't keep pin numbers for your cards in your purse or wallet.
 * Be as secure with your mobile phone as you would your purse or wallet and ensure it is put away safely if you use it in the street.
 * Be aware of the people immediately around you.
