```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: One week after a 26 year old father of two was shot in Hoddesdon we are renewing our appeal for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2018
title: "Hoddesdon murder \u2013 anniversary appeal"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hoddesdon-murder-anniversary-appeal2214k
```

* ### One week after the shooting of a man in Hoddesdon officers are re-appealing for information and witnesses.

 * ### Esam Ayad from Harlow in Essex suffered a gunshot wound to his face at an address in Ogard Road.

 * ### He sadly later died from his injuries.

 * ### Three people have been arrested in connection with the murder.

 * ### Officers would like to speak to anyone who was in the area on the night of the shooting.

One week after a 26 year old father of two was shot in Hoddesdon we are renewing our appeal for information and witnesses.

Esam Ayad, from Harlow in Essex, suffered a gunshot wound to his face at an address in Ogard Road on Tuesday, December 4 at around 9.25pm.

He was rushed to hospital but sadly later died from his injuries.

His family are currently being supported by specialist officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit.

Three people - a 16 year old boy and a 27 year old man, both from Broxbourne, and a 25 year old man, of no fixed address - have been arrested on suspicion of murder. The 16 year old and 27 year old have been released on police bail while the investigation continues while the 25 year old man has been recalled to prison.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "A father of two very young children has had his life tragically cut short leaving his father, fiancee and wider family absolutely devastated. We're determined to identify, arrest and bring to justice those who were involved in Esam's death and provide answers to his family about why this has happened.

"One week on from the shooting, I'm again appealing for anyone who has any information, no matter how small it might seem, to get in touch.

"If you were in the Ogard Road area on the night of the shooting and have not already spoken to police, please get in touch as soon as possible. Even if you believe you did not witness anything we still need to speak to you so that you can be eliminated from our enquiries.

"If you were in Ogard Road, Castle Road, Old Highway, Old Highway Recreation Ground, Lee Road or St Cuthberts Road between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday, December 4 please call us on 101, quoting crime reference 41/62710/18, or get in touch with the investigating team online.

"If you'd rather remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimstoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form."

Esam Ayad
