```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A health worker from Hertfordshire, who has repeatedly faced racist abuse during the coronavirus pandemic, is backing Hate Crime Awareness Week, which starts tomorrow (Saturday 10 October), in the hope that more people report hate crime in her home county.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: Health worker who suffers racist abuse backs Hate Crime Awareness Week
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/health-worker-who-suffers-racist-abuse-backs-hate-crime-awareness-week
```

* ### Health worker repeatedly racially abused backs awareness week

 * ### Hate Crime Awareness Weeks starts on Saturday 10 October

 * ### Don't ignore hate, report it - visit www.hertsagainsthate.org

A health worker from Hertfordshire, who has repeatedly faced racist abuse during the coronavirus pandemic, is backing Hate Crime Awareness Week, which starts tomorrow (Saturday 10 October), in the hope that more people report hate crime in her home county.

The 47 year old woman, who originates from South Korea, called police to report that she had been verbally abused and told that "she had caused COVID-19" when she challenged someone without children about parking in a supermarket parent and child space.

"It was a hard time for me, we were in lockdown, I'd lost my job and I already suffered from depression and anxiety when this happened and it really hit me hard," she explained. "I have been targeted on numerous occasions while I'm out shopping or taking a walk, with complete strangers saying 'Stay away from the Chinese lady', 'You brought it here', that kind of thing and it's left me worried about leaving the house."

Officers interviewed both parties involved in the car park incident and while the investigation resulted in no further action, due to a lack of evidence, the Danish national said she hoped more people would report hate crime incidents.

"Society shouldn't be like this, but sadly it is, and I can't change the way I look, but hopefully people's attitudes can change.

"I do feel a lot better after getting support from the hate crime officer and I would encourage other people to report incidents to police."

Hate crime officer PC Andrea Haughton said: "Sadly I do feel that some have used the coronavirus pandemic as an excuse to bully and intimidate people with unacceptable racist taunts causing them a great deal of anxiety and distress.

"The impact of a hate crime can be devastating. It can cause people to lose their confidence and be fearful about coming and going from their home, being out and about in public places or just going about their daily lives.

"We take hate crime seriously and always investigate incidents. If there is no prosecution, I contact victims to explain the circumstances, offer support and signpost them to other agencies and support networks.

She urged everyone: "Please, don't ignore hate, report it," urging anyone who has been a victim or witnesses a hate crime to report the matter to the police either by phone, online or to one of the many third party reporting centres around the county.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency dial 999.

For more information about where to report hate crime visit hertsagainsthate.org
