```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been ordered to complete 120 hours each in community service after being found guilty of breaking into the Celebrity Big Brother house in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2019
title: YouTubers sentenced for breaking into the Celebrity Big Brother house
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/youtubers-sentenced-for-breaking-into-the-celebrity-big-brother-house-2689
```

* ### Ally Law, aged 22, of Hepworth Close, Southampton, and Ryan Taylor, aged 25, of Lichfield Road, Walsall, have been ordered to do 120 hours of community service respectively

 * ### This follows a guilty verdict at St Albans Magistrates' Court on December 10 last year

 * ### They must also each pay £1,000 in court costs, an £85 victim surcharge each and compensation totalling £300 to two security guards

Two men have been ordered to complete 120 hours each in community service after being found guilty of breaking into the Celebrity Big Brother house in Borehamwood.

Ally Law, aged 22, of Hepworth Close, Southampton and Ryan Taylor, aged 25, of Lichfield Road, Bloxwich, Walsall, appeared at St Albans Magistrates' Court yesterday (Tuesday, March 5) for sentencing.

They had earlier been found guilty at the same court on December 10 of two charges each of aggravated trespass. The charges relate to two incidents at the Elstree film Studios in January last year.

The first was on the evening of January 19, when a live Big Brother eviction was being recorded at the studio. Law and Taylor travelled to the site and climbed over a boundary fence before gaining access to the Big Brother set and entering the house loft space, all while filming on their phones and GoPro cameras. They were discovered by security staff just before 11pm and ejected from the site. Police were called however the incident was dealt with as a trespass matter, with no offences recorded.

A week later, on January 26, the pair went back to the studio -wearing GoPro cameras to document their movements - and climbed over the fence into the site once again. As with the previous week, a live eviction was being filmed.

Law and Taylor climbed scaffolding and walked along a corrugated roof overlooking the live audience before jumping down into the garden. They then tried to get into the house but found the doors to be locked. Law then took off his trousers and jumped into a nearby hot tub.

The contestants, who were inside the house, saw the pair in the garden and alerted the producers.

An emergency security protocol was put in place to protect the housemates and the audience, which in turn caused a significant amount of disruption. The house was put on lockdown and window shutters were deployed. Police attended and both Law and Taylor were arrested.

In December, the court heard that Law and Taylor upload footage of themselves carrying out these types of acts to their own YouTube channels, which in turn earns them money every time someone clicks on the videos.

Yesterday, both Law and Taylor were ordered by magistrates to each complete 120 hours of community service. They must also each pay £1,000 in court costs, an £85 victim surcharge each and compensation totalling £300 to two security guards.

During the hearing Law was also made the subject of a five year Criminal Behaviour Order, which prevents him from trespassing on any property, entering film or TV studios, any property owned by the Merlin Group, which includes Thorpe Park - a theme park that Ally entered on July 26, 2017 where he climbed on top of a rollercoaster while filming himself. He is also banned from being on any other structure (or commercial property out of hours) without the written permission of the landowner.

If he breaches any of the conditions he could face a possible five year prison sentence.

The Criminal Behaviour Order was bought jointly by Hampshire Constabulary, Hertfordshire Constabulary and Surrey Police.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Clare Smith said: "Not only did Law and Taylor repeatedly disregard the law they also filmed their illegal and dangerous activities and shared it online with millions of their followers, many of whom are young and impressionable.

"Their actions were reckless and irresponsible, especially at a time when the UK's terrorism threat level was, and is, graded as severe.

"They also put themselves in danger by climbing on structures at the Elstree Studios that are not designed to take the weight of a person. Their actions across the country have also wasted countless hours of police time and resources."
