```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A third woman has been sentenced for perverting the course of justice following the murder of Jamil Sarki in Welwyn Garden City last year.
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2019
title: Woman sentenced for perverting the course of justice following Welwyn Garden City murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-sentenced-for-perverting-the-course-of-justice-following-welwyn-garden-city-murder-0642b
```

* ### Elizabeth Bradshaw, age 61 of Osborne Road, Blackpool, has been sentenced to 12 months in prison.

 * ### 23 year old Jamil Sarki was stabbed in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18, 2018.

 * ### The court heard that Bradshaw gave a false alibi for her son Vinnie Bradshaw who was convicted of manslaughter.

A third woman has been sentenced for perverting the course of justice following the murder of Jamil Sarki in Welwyn Garden City last year.

Elizabeth Bradshaw, age 61 of Osborne Road, Blackpool, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 12 August and has been sentenced to 12 months in prison.

She was previously found guilty of the offence alongside Kim Munns, age 56 and Gemma Kinnane, age 31, both of The Close, London.

On Thursday 6 June, Munns was sentenced to 12 months in prison and Kinnane was also sentenced to 12 months in prison, suspended for two years. Kinanne was also sentenced to 200 hours of community service.

23 year old Jamil, from Romford, was stabbed in the Ethelred Close area of Welwyn Garden City at around 10.20pm on Thursday, January 18, 2018.

He was found wounded nearby in Ludwick Way, having sustained a fatal stab wound to his heart and two stab wounds to his arm. Sadly, Jamil was pronounced dead at the scene.

Jamil's friend was also assaulted during the incident and sustained a hip injury.

On July 9, 2018 three men were sentenced:

 * Daniel Frazer-Traille, aged 35, of Jasmine Gardens, Hatfield, who was found guilty of murder. He received a life sentence, with a minimum term of 23 years. He also received a concurrent sentence of five years after being convicted of attempted GBH.
 * Vinnie Bradshaw, aged 19, of Bassingburn Walk, Welwyn Garden City, who was convicted of manslaughter, was sentenced to four years in prison. He also received a concurrent sentence of three years after being convicted of attempted GBH.
 * Keith Coventry, aged 35, of The Close, Chingford, who was convicted of manslaughter, was sentenced to seven years in prison. He also received a concurrent sentence of five years after being convicted of attempted GBH.

The court heard that Bradshaw gave a false alibi for her son Vinnie Bradshaw.

Detective Constable Melanie Knight, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "I hope that Bradshaw spends her time behind bars reflecting on the severity of her actions. Her actions as Jamil lay dead were disgusting.

"I hope that this result now gives Jamil's family some sense of closure and my thoughts remain with them."
