```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: On Friday (February 15) two men appeared at St Albans Crown Court for sentencing following two robberies.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2019
title: Two men sentenced to a total of 14 years following robberies
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-men-sentenced-total-14-years-following-robberies-2586
```

* ### Luke Doherty attempted to rob a building society in Sawbridgeworth in December, 2017.

 * ### Both men robbed a Ladbrokes branch in Hoddesdon in January, 2018.

 * ### Detectives who investigated the robberies are pleased with the sentences.

Luke Daniel Luke Doherty

On Friday (February 15) two men appeared at St Albans Crown Court for sentencing following two robberies.

Luke Daniel, aged 25 and of Mead Lane, Hertford, was previously found guilty of robbery and possession of an offensive weapon at Ladbrokes in Stanstead Road, Hoddesdon on January 27, 2018 at the same court on February 4.

He was sentenced to eight years imprisonment.

Luke Doherty, aged 23 and from Vince Dunn, Harlow, Essex, previously pleaded guilty at the same court to:

 * Attempted robbery at the Nationwide Bank, Sawbridgeworth on December 8, 2017
 * Robbery at Ladbrokes, Stanstead Road, Hoddesdon on January 27
 * Possession of imitation firearms with intent to commit an indictable offence in Hoddesdon on January 27

He was sentenced to six years and four months imprisonment.

The first incident occurred on Friday, December 8 at Nationwide Bank in Sawbridgeworth.

Between 4.45pm and 4.50pm, Luke Doherty went into the branch in Knight Street and handed a note to the cashier telling her to hand over money. The cashier then ran to a back area of the building society and alerted a colleague. Nothing was taken.

The second incident was in Hoddesdon and occurred at Ladbrokes in Stanstead Road at around 8.45pm on Saturday, January 27.

Cash was stolen from the premises after cashiers were threatened by Luke Daniel and Luke Doherty, who were wearing masks. No one was injured during the incident.

Detective Constable Mike Hardiman from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit led the investigation and said: "At the beginning of the investigation we had few leads to follow, but the Local Crime Unit's persistence and tireless efforts to bring the offenders to justice paid off.

"I am now very pleased that Daniel and Doherty have both been removed from the streets for a considerable amount of time. They posed a significant threat to innocent members of the public who were just going about their work and this has been reflected in their sentences."
