```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police recovered two bikes found dumped in Hemel Hempstead and are appealing to the public to help trace their owners.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2021
title: Do you recognise these bikes?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-these-bikes-1082d
```

* ## Two suspected stolen bikes have been recovered on Bury Hill in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ## Officers have reviewed all crimes where bikes were reported stolen but they have not found the owners.

 * ## If you think they could be yours, get in touch with PC Lauren Jackson at lauren.jackson@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Police recovered two bikes found dumped in Hemel Hempstead and are appealing to the public to help trace their owners.

The bikes, one of which is a Carrera, were found abandoned in undergrowth on Bury Hill, off Warners End Road, but to date, they have not been linked to any crime reports.

PC Lauren Jackson, from Dacorum's Intervention and Response Team, said: "We have reviewed all the possible reports in relation to stolen bikes but to date, we have been unable to identify the owners of these two bicycles.

"They both have serial numbers so if you think they may belong to you, you would need to provide proof of this information so we can reunite you with your property. Please get in touch if they are yours."

You can email PC Jackson, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit the Crimestoppers website (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Dacurom echo and tell us what you think.
