```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs following a proactive stop by police in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2018
title: 'Hemel Hempstead: Three arrested in connection with drug offences'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hemel-hempstead-three-arrested-in-connection-with-drug-offences-0568d
```

* ### The arrests were made following a proactive stop by officers on patrol.

 * ### A quantity of white powder was found.

 * ### Officers are working hard to target drug dealing and associated criminality.

Three men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs following a proactive stop by police in Hemel Hempstead.

Officers on patrol approached a vehicle parked in Marlowes on the afternoon of Tuesday, July 24.

A search was carried out and a number of wraps containing white powder, suspected to be a class A drug, were found. A quantity of cash was also seized.

The three occupants of the vehicle - a 29-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead, a 30-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead and a 30-year-old man from Dunstable - were arrested and taken into custody.

All three have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Craig Flint, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing our proactive work to tackle drug dealing and associated criminality across Dacorum. As part of this we are constantly building intelligence around those suspected of being involved and will use any means available to us to bring people to justice.

"If you have information concerning the supply of drugs, please report it to police."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
