```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following the report of an attempted robbery in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 31 Mar 2021
title: Witness appeal following report of attempted robbery in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-report-of-attempted-robbery-in-waltham-cross-1376k
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following an attempted robbery in Waltham Cross.

 * ### lt took place around 2pm on Thursday 25 March in the alley between Greggs and Fishpools just off the High Street.

 * ### Call 101 quoting **41/21719/21 if you can help.**

We are appealing for witnesses and information following the report of an attempted robbery in Waltham Cross.

It has been reported that at around 2pm on Thursday 25 March a man was walking in the alley between Greggs and Fishpools on the High Street, when he was approached by another man who demanded his phone. The victim refused, a short altercation took place and the offender made off towards Park Street.

The suspect is described as a black male, aged around 18 years of age, 6ft2ins tall, of skinny build, wearing a black top, grey tracksuit bottoms and black trainers.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time of this incident and saw anything suspicious, or if you have information about it, to get in contact.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at darren.lomax@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/21719/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
