```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are now in a position to name a man who died following an incident in Welwyn Garden City in the early hours of Saturday, June 16.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2018
title: Tribute to Andrew Mason from Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-andrew-mason-from-welwyn-garden-city-0401
```

* ### Andrew Mason, aged 31, from Welwyn Garden City, died after being fatally stabbed in the early hours of Saturday, June 16

 * ### His family have paid tribute to a 'bright, inquisitive' man who 'had a heart of gold'

 * ### Two men have been charged in connection with his death and are appearing before Hatfield Remand Court today (Wednesday, June 20)

Police are now in a position to name a man who died following an incident in Welwyn Garden City in the early hours of Saturday, June 16.

Andrew Mason, aged 31 and from the town, died after being fatally stabbed in a communal area of a block of flats in Ley Walk.

His family have paid the following tribute to him:

_Andrew was the son of Vici Mason and Adrian Thorlby. He was father to a 12 year old daughter and was the eldest of three brothers. He was bright, inquisitive and had a heart of gold._

_His family will always remember him as being wonderful and loving. They are devastated by this loss and wish that their privacy is respected at this time. _

Two men have now been charged in connection with the incident.

Matthew Fathers, aged 30, of Little Hardings, Welwyn Garden City, has been charged with murder and has been remanded in custody.

Darryl Daley, aged 46, of Moss Green, Welwyn Garden City, has been charged with attempted robbery and has also been remanded in custody.

Fathers and Daley are due to appear before Hatfield Remand Court today (Wednesday, June 20).

A third man, aged 26 from Welwyn Garden City, has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and released on bail while enquiries continue.

Inspector Sophia Adams, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "In the early hours of Saturday, June 16, 31-year-old Andrew Mason was fatally stabbed in a communal area of a block of flats in Ley Walk, Welwyn Garden City.

"A murder investigation was immediately launched by officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit and three men were quickly arrested.

"Those involved are believed to be known to each other and we are treating this as an isolated incident.

"Work is ongoing within the Community Safety Partnership to address any impact on the community as a result of what has happened. If you have any concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us.

"I would like to pass my condolences to Andrew's family at this difficult time. They are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers and detectives are working hard to determine the chain of events that led to Andrew's death. We will get them the answers that they deserve."

Andrew Mason
