```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A group of teenage boys have been causing damage to Christmas decorations, turning over wheelie bins and damaging motor vehicles in Blake Close, Rodney Avenue and at addresses near Highfield Park.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2019
title: Christmas decorations vandalised in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/christmas-decorations-vandalised-in-st-albans-1159f
```

* ## A group of teenage boys have been causing damage to Christmas decorations, turning over wheelie bins and damaging motor vehicles.

 * ## We have increased patrols and are asking residents to make sure they report crimes to us with any video doorbell or CCTV footage.

 * ## Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

A group of teenage boys have been causing damage to Christmas decorations, turning over wheelie bins and damaging motor vehicles in Blake Close, Rodney Avenue and at addresses near Highfield Park.

"This is mindless criminal damage which is not a prank. An investigation is underway and we will look at arresting the people responsible," said Neighbourhood Sergeant Paul Caro. Police have increased patrols and are asking residents to make sure they report crimes to us with any video doorbell or CCTV footage.

Between 7.20pm and 7.40pm on Sunday 15 December, a family found their Christmas lights in Blake Close cut, their wheelie bin turned over and Christmas decorations stolen.

So far we have had 10 reports of criminal damage to Christmas decorations, linked to damage to vehicles and anti-social behaviour in St Albans, but we believe there are many more, so please report it to us, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
