```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced after pleading guilty to a spree of attempted armed robberies last year.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: Man sentenced for attempted armed robberies
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-for-attempted-armed-robberies-0167
```

* ### Man jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to attempted armed robberies

 * ### Adam Day, 36, admitted numerous offences

 * ### Judge took into account his cooperation with police

A man has been sentenced after pleading guilty to a spree of attempted armed robberies last year.

Adam Day, aged 36, of Norman Avenue, in Bishop's Stortford, appeared at St Albans Crown Court today (Friday, May 3).

Today, he was sentenced to a total of eight years in prison for three attempted armed robberies, as well as numerous other offences.

He previously appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, March 25, where he pleaded guilty to the charges.

The court heard that at around 10pm on Saturday, December 15, 2018, Day entered Lee Garden takeaway in Elizabeth Road, in possession of an air gun and demanded money. The victims refused and Day left the restaurant after firing a shot at the microwave, causing it to shatter. Officers were called to the scene and despite an extensive search Day could not be located.

Day committed his next offences on that same weekend. Shortly before 3pm on Sunday, December 16, Day entered the Post Office in High Street, Hatfield Broad Oak in Essex. Armed with an air gun, he demanded money and when the victims refused, he tried to open the till but was unsuccessful. He then left the Post Office and police were called.

That same evening, Day committed another attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford. At around 7.15pm on Sunday, December 16, Day got on a bus in Villiers-Sur-Marne Avenue, armed with an air gun again and demanding money. When the victims refused, he got off the bus and fired two shots towards the bus as it drove away. A thorough search was conducted by police but unfortunately, Day remained outstanding.

On Sunday, January 6, officers located Day in Villiers-Sur-Marne Avenue. He was found to be in possession of an air gun and was subsequently arrested.

At court today, Day was also sentenced for a further offence that happened in Cambridgeshire on Friday, December 14, where he was found to be in possession of a bladed article.

In addition, Day has been charged and sentenced with three offences that were previously Taken Into Consideration*; theft of a freezer van in Bishop's Stortford on December 15, and two theft of fuel offences that happened at Tesco in Bishop's Stortford and Tesco in Cambridge in December 2018.

Detective Constable Dieter Sweeting from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was physically injured in any of these incidents but Day put his victims through a terrifying mental ordeal. I hope that this sentence goes some way in allowing them to move on from the trauma they suffered. They all showed great bravery and I would like to commend them for that."

He added: "The judge told Day he could have jailed him for 12 years but he took into account his cooperation with police, his full admissions and the fact that he had shown remorse. He noted that Day's offending was motivated by a long-standing drug habit."

***** Offences are Taken Into Consideration when someone is accused or convicted of a crime and they then admit other offences that were unlinked or unknown to police. The Crown Prosecution Service decide how these offences are then dealt with.
