```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new scheme is launching in Hemel Hempstead to help cyclists keep their bikes more secure.
publish:
  date: 30 May 2018
title: New bike marking scheme launches in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-bike-marking-scheme-launches-in-hemel-hempstead-0283D
```

* ### An event will be held outside Hemel Hempstead Police Station on Saturday, June 23.

 * ### The scheme is being launched to help deter bike thieves.

 * ### Marking bikes in this way allows them to be reunited with their rightful owners more easily should they ever get stolen and recovered.

A new scheme is launching in Hemel Hempstead to help cyclists keep their bikes more secure.

Op Frame will see officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team utilise the national cycle database BikeRegister.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Matt Deveney explained: "The process involves marking the bike's frame with a QR code which is then registered on a secure website, along with the owner's details. The code can then be scanned with a smart phone to determine who it belongs to, if it is ever lost or stolen and subsequently recovered.

"Every year police recover a vast number of bikes but have no way of telling who they belong to in order to return them. Marking your bike in this way will make it less attractive to thieves as it will be harder to sell on. And, if your bike is ever lost or stolen and subsequently recovered, we will be able to get it back to you."

An event to mark the launch of the new initiative will be held outside Hemel Hempstead police station on Saturday, June 23, between 10am and 2pm, when people can come and get their bikes marked for free.

For further crime prevention advice visit.
