```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has today (Wednesday 27 May) been charged in connection with a serious sexual assault which occurred in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 27 May 2020
title: "Man charged with sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-sexual-assault-in-bishops-stortford-0163
```

* ### The incident occurred in South Road on 21 December, 2019.

 * ### A man has been charged by police.

 * ### He is due to appear before magistrates in July.

A man has today (Wednesday 27 May) been charged in connection with a serious sexual assault which occurred in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident happened in the South Road area of the town during the early hours of 21 December, 2019, when a man aged his 30s was targeted after a night out.

An investigation was subsequently launched by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit and extensive enquiries have been taking place, including house to house visits, CCTV trawls and explorations of forensic opportunities.

On 15 April, a warrant was executed at a property in Plaw Hatch Close, Bishop's Stortford, where a man was arrested in connection with the investigation and released on police bail while enquiries continued.

Wayne Rogers, aged 44, from Plaw Hatch Close, has today been charged with assault by penetration, sexual assault and possession of a class A drug.

He has been bailed to appear before Stevenage Magistrates' Court on 22 July.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the BCH MCU, is leading the investigation. She said: "This was an extremely traumatic ordeal for the victim who, understandably, is still struggling to come to terms with what has happened to him. He is being supported by specialist officers at this time while the case progresses."

You can report still report information to us by calling the incident room on 01707 355666, quoting **Op Tapia**.

You can also report online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
