```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been banned from calling 999 for two years after making nearly 100 nuisance calls to police this year alone.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2018
title: "Man given criminal behaviour order for incessant 999 calls \u2013 Borehamwood"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-given-criminal-behaviour-order-for-incessant-999-calls-borehamwood-2200J
```

* ### A man in his 60s from Borehamwood has been given a Criminal Behaviour Order that prevents him from calling 999 unless in a genuine emergency.

 * ### He has made approximately 100 calls to the Force Communications Room this year, often while intoxicated, delaying operators' response to genuine emergencies.

 * ### He has also been enrolled on an alcohol treatment course with the aim of tackling his issues long-term.

A man has been banned from calling 999 for two years after making nearly 100 nuisance calls to police this year alone.

The man, from Canterbury Road in Borehamwood, has been given the Criminal Behaviour Order - which prohibits him from calling 999 unless in a genuine emergency - after an application by the Borehamwood Community Safety Team.

This comes after the man, aged in his 60s, became one of the top three callers to the Force Communication Room (FCR).

Often, he would call while intoxicated and consequently waste call takers' time with matters that did not require police attendance.

On one occasion, he called to say there was a strange man in his flat who turned out to be a genuine repair man who had come to fix his fridge, and on another he said his wife was having a heart attack despite her being completely well.

The order was granted at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday, November 27. If the man breaks the conditions of the order, he could face a prison sentence.

PC John Phelan, from the Borehamwood Community Safety Team, said: "This is a great result, as the man in question was placing a significant strain on our Force Communications Room by making a large number of inappropriate calls.

"It is not only incredibly frustrating for FCR staff, who are working really hard, but more importantly it could delay us in sending officers to those who genuinely need our help, and may be facing a life or death situation.

"The man in this case has also been enrolled on an alcohol treatment course which will hopefully go a long way to tackling his drinking issues, which are often the catalyst for his nuisance calls."

Typical examples of when you should contact us online or call 101 include:

 * If you want to give police information about a crime that is not currently in progress.
 * To contact a local police officer, such as someone from your Safer Neighbourhood team.
 * If your property has been stolen or damaged but it is not a crime in progress.
 * If you suspect drug dealing or use in your area.

If there is a crime in progress or an immediate threat to life or property always call 999.
