```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents will have seen PC Sophie Stalley out and about across Potters Bar and Shenley since she joined the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) a few weeks ago.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2018
title: New police officer joins the Potters Bar Safer Neighbourhood Team
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-police-officer-joins-the-potters-bar-safer-neighbourhood-team-2145J
```

* ### Meet PC Sophie Stalley who has joined the Potters Bar and Shenley Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT).

 * ### She has been dealing with offences including affray and vehicle interference as well as anti-social behaviour.

 * ### If you would like to speak to PC Stalley, please call her on 101 - if she is not on duty she will call you back when she is next on duty or you can email her _Sophie.stalley@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Residents will have seen PC Sophie Stalley out and about across Potters Bar and Shenley since she joined the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) a few weeks ago.

PC Stalley previously worked as a neighbourhood officer in Bushey before taking a career break. She said: "I'm really pleased to be back in Hertsmere and I love working in Potters Bar."

In the few weeks since she's joined the Potters Bar SNT, she has been dealing with offences including affray and vehicle interference as well as anti-social behaviour.

She said: "One of the problems in Shenley continues to be speeding and we are still having problems with parents parking inconsiderately and dangerously outside Shenley Primary School. Please park a little bit further away for the safety of children."

She said: "We usually see an increase in burglaries at this time of year, so please make sure you give your home the 'lived-in' look by using timer switches when it gets dark and investing in web-cameras. Please get in touch if you have any issues you would like to discuss. My job is to help keep Potters Bar and Shenley safe."

PC Stalley is aged 32, has family members in the 'job' and joined the Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2008. Before she joined the police, she was a lifeguard and worked as a manager in leisure. She has travelled to Australia and America and currently lives in Hertfordshire, with her young family.

If you would like to speak to PC Stalley, please call her on 101 - if she is not on duty she will call you back when she is next on duty or you can email her.

PC Sophie Stalley
