```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police, Dacorum Borough Council and the RSPCA are urging anyone who is thinking of getting a puppy this New Year to ensure they are using reputable breeders.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2018
title: Do you know where your new puppy has come from?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-know-where-your-new-puppy-has-come-from-1469D
```

* ### If you're thinking of getting a puppy, ensure you use a reputable breeder.

 * ### RSPCA dog welfare expert advises people to use the 'Puppy Contract'.

 * ### Anyone who is concerned or suspicious about the way puppies are being kept or sold is urged to report it.

Police, Dacorum Borough Council and the RSPCA are urging anyone who is thinking of getting a puppy this New Year to ensure they are using reputable breeders.

While bringing home a new puppy is an exciting and enjoyable time it could soon lead to heartache as many pet owners are often unaware that their new addition may not have had an ethical and healthy start in life.

RSPCA dog welfare expert Lisa Hens said: "Unfortunately there are many people out there who are willing to put profits ahead of the health and welfare of the dogs they are breeding and selling. This is why we'd urge the public to be extremely careful when looking to buy a puppy.

"Obviously, we would encourage anyone thinking of getting a dog to visit their local rescue centre first. But, if they are intent on buying a puppy, we would advise them to do a lot of research before choosing a breeder. Prospective buyers can use the Puppy Contract to help them source a happy and healthy dog, and for tips on the right questions to ask and the warning signs to look out for.

"Anyone who is concerned about the conditions they see a puppy being kept in or who is suspicious of the seller should walk away and report their concerns to us on 0300 1234 999 and their local trading standards."

There was much coverage of the issue in the national press over the festive season following the announcement that the Government will be cracking down on unscrupulous breeders. The new legislation is due to be unveiled this year and, among other stipulations, will require all sellers to show potential buyers the puppies alongside their mothers before any sales take place.

Dacorum Borough Council Dog Warden Sarah Lewis said: "There are currently no licensed commercial dog breeders in Dacorum. Wherever possible, buy puppies from people you know personally, or have been recommended to you by friends or family, or from a fully-licensed dog breeder. Puppies need the best start in life and sadly there are some unscrupulous breeders who are putting puppies and their mothers through both physical and mental suffering."

PCSO Lee Jevon, from the Hemel Hempstead North Rural, West and Central Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are working with our partners to gather intelligence and will fully investigate any crimes which come to light. If you are thinking of buying a puppy this New Year, I would urge you to following the advice from the RSPCA. Similarly, if you got a puppy for Christmas and it has suddenly fallen ill, please report it."

For further advice, visit

For information on adopting a dog visit

**_ _**
