```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives are continuing to appeal for witnesses following a sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford - and are particularly keen to trace a male and female who came to the assistance of the victim."
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2020
title: "Renewed appeal for witnesses following sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/renewed-appeal-for-witnesses-following-sexual-assault-in-bishops-stortford-1248a
```

* ### The incident occurred in the South Road area, during the early hours of Saturday 21 December.

 * ### The incident is now being investigated by the Major Crime Unit and extensive enquiries are continuing.

 * ### Detectives are still trying to trace two people who assisted the victim.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for witnesses following a sexual assault in Bishop's Stortford - and are particularly keen to trace a male and female who came to the assistance of the victim.

The incident occurred during the early hours of Saturday 21 December in the South Road area, near the Shell petrol station and the driving test centre. Investigations suggest that the assault took place on a man, aged in his 30s, sometime between 2am and 2.30am.

Extensive enquiries have been carried out since the incident was reported and detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit have now taken over the investigation.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins said: "Understandably the victim remains absolutely traumatised by what has happened and specialist officers are continuing to support him at this extremely difficult time.

"Our enquiries into the incident are on-going and we are keen to trace the male and female who sat with the victim and helped him to make phone calls, as a matter of urgency. If this was you, please come forward, as you may have vital information which could assist us.

"I would also like to hear from anyone else who may have information about what happened, or who may have witnessed anyone acting suspiciously in the area during the early hours of that day.

"Additionally, I'd ask people who were driving in the area between 1.30am and 3.30am, including taxi drivers, to please contact us if they have any dash cam footage available, so that it can be reviewed by officers; you may have captured something which could help us with our enquiries.

"I'd like to reiterate that incidents such as this are rare in Hertfordshire and to reassure people we are doing all we can to trace the person responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to call the Major Crime Unit directly on 01707 355666, quoting **Op Tapia**. If no one is available to answer, please leave your details and someone will call you back.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
