```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents living on the King George Estate in Ware are being invited to have their say on the issues they would like police to focus on locally.
publish:
  date: 9 Mar 2021
title: Do you live on the King George Estate in Ware?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-live-on-the-king-george-estate-in-ware-1294a
```

* ### A new campaign has been launched by the police Safer Neighbourhood Team.

 * ### Calls to the area have increased recently.

 * ### Residents living on the estate are being urged to have their say.

Residents living on the King George Estate in Ware are being invited to have their say on the issues they would like police to focus on locally.

The Kings Voice is a multi-agency campaign, which has been launched by the local police Safer Neighbourhood Team, in response to an increase in call outs to the area.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Tom Prior said: "Sadly, we have seen a real increase in reports of anti-social behaviour and drug dealing in the area in recent months."We have made tackling these issues a local policing priority and we want to work with residents and our partner agencies, to help find a long-term solution to the problems.

"As part of this, we're asking residents living on the estate to a complete a survey, to tell us what matters most to them. This will help us to assess the issues and ensure we are focusing our efforts accordingly.

"We're committed to doing everything we can to ensure that the King George Estate is a safe and enjoyable place to live for everyone."

Residents can take the survey (opens in a new window) via the constabulary's online feedback platform echo.

Please do not use this link to report crime.

You can instead report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

Always dial 999 in an emergency.
