```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Little Berkhamsted, near Hertford.
publish:
  date: 16 May 2019
title: Appeal following collision in Little Berkhamsted
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-little-berkhamsted-0229a
```

* ### A motorcyclist and cyclist were involved in a collision in Little Berkhamsted.

 * ### The cyclist suffered serious hand and arm injuries and was taken to hospital.

 * ### The motorcyclist - a man wearing a white helmet - left the scene.

 * ### Officers are appealing for the public's help to trace the motorcyclist.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Little Berkhamsted, near Hertford.

It happened just before 7.20pm on Tuesday (May 14) in Robins Nest Hill and involved a cyclist and a black Piaggio Beverly motorcycle.

The motorcyclist was travelling towards the B158 when, for reasons unknown at this stage, he was in collision with a cyclist who was travelling in the opposite direction.

PC Katie Cunningham from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "The cyclist suffered serious injuries to his left arm and hand, including broken bones and a laceration and was taken to hospital by ambulance.

"The motorcyclist - a man who was wearing a white motorcycle helmet - left the scene of the collision.

"I'm appealing for anyone who can help us to identify the motorcyclist to please get in touch. I'd also like to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision or saw either the motorcyclist or the cyclist shortly before the collision."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Cunningham by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 730 of May 14 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.
