```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eleven new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, November 16.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2017
title: Eleven new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Eleven-new-Special-Constables-join-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-1167
```

* ### Eleven new Special Constable recruits have been attested.

 * ### Each Special Constable has gone through 11 weeks of training.

 * ### The new Specials will now be based at police stations around the county.

Eleven new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, November 16.

During eleven weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Those that graduated included:

**Georgia Solly** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station

**Lee Boyle** , who will be based at Hitchin Police Station

**Charlie Jones,** who will based at Watford Police Station

**Elena Devine** , who will be based at Cheshunt Police Station

**Louis Watkins** , who will be based at Borehamwood Police Station

**Joshua Dyer** , who will be based at Watford Police Station

**Robert Ferguson** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station

**Charlotte Keene** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station

**Oliver Segall** , who will be based at St Albans Police Station

**Rebecca Natali** , who will be based at Hertfrod Police Station

**Sarah Arnold** , who will be based at Hertford Police Station

They were joined by their family and friends.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

**Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson awarded the Specials with their certificates. He said:** "The Special Constabulary is vital in supporting us to police the county effectively and efficiently. Our new recruits will bring their life experience to us whilst further developing their skills and knowledge of policing. I want to wish them all well as they now move on to undertake this vital role within the communities of Hertfordshire.

"Special Constables truly are a vital part of our policing effort in Hertfordshire and I am delighted to welcome our new recruits to the Constabulary."

**Special Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew, said:** "As the Special Constabulary Chief Officer, I was delighted to meet our new Specials Constables and I am very proud to welcome them to our dedicated team. Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and making a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire."

**Stuart Nagler, the Police and Crime Commissioner 's Assistant Commissioner, said: "**Special Constables play a vital role in strengthening local policing teams across each of the ten districts and boroughs in Hertfordshire, helping to bring in additional resources, new skills, expertise and knowledge both to the front line and specialist units.

"As an integral part of the policing family, it is essential that the recruitment, training and retention of Specials is fully supported. Currently in Hertfordshire 25 organisations are offering support to their employees who become Special Constables through Employer Supported Policing (ESP) and the Police and Crime Commissioner is calling on more businesses to do the same."

For more information on ESP visit.

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of child sexual exploitation, cybercrime, domestic abuse and prisoner processing. Special Constables with specialist IT knowledge also work alongside police officers and staff who manage registered sex offenders.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.

Eleven new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
