```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a racially aggravated common assault in Cheshunt have released an image of a man they would like to speak to ask part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2018
title: "CCTV image released following a racially aggravated common assault \u2013 Cheshunt"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-image-released-following-a-racially-aggravated-common-assault-cheshunt-0255K
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a racially-aggravated assault.

 * ### It happened at Tesco in Hammondstreet Road, Cheshunt, on Friday May 11.

 * ### If you know the person pictured, or have any other information that could assist officers, please call 101 quoting K2/18/2223.

Officers investigating a racially aggravated common assault in Cheshunt have released an image of a man they would like to speak to ask part of their enquiries.

It happened in the Tesco store on Hammondstreet Road just after 1.30pm on Friday, May 11.

A verbal altercation occurred between a member of staff, a 19-year-old man, and a customer, which related to the customer's conduct at the checkout.

The offender racially abused the staff member before spitting at them and then leaving the store.

PC Karen Hutchinson, who is investigating, said: "This was a deeply unpleasant incident for the staff member, who was just doing his job. I am very keen to identify the man pictured because I believe he has information that could help progress our investigation.

"If you know him, witnessed what happened and have not yet spoken to us or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number K2/18/2223."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV image released
