```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary at a horse stables in Great Amwell are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 2 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following burglary at stables in Great Amwell
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-at-stables-in-great-amwell-1397
```

* ### Offender(s) gained access to a tack room at stables in Great Amwell between December 9 and 10.

 * ### A significant amount of property was stolen.

 * ### Officers are releasing images of some of the items that were taken from the stables.

 * ### Anyone who has been offered these for sale is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a burglary at a horse stables in Great Amwell are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 5pm on Saturday, December 9 and 8am the following day, offender(s) gained access to a locked tack room at the stables in Cautherly Lane and stole a significant amount of property.

The following items were taken:

 * Black Albion KB Competition bridle (full size).
 * Black Albion Martingale (full size).
 * Black Stubben Martingale.
 * Black Kieffer bridle (cob size).
 * Two black HKM diamante bridles (full size).
 * Brown shires bridle (full size).
 * Brown shires five point breastplate (full size).
 * Two black Albion K2 jump saddle.
 * Black Wintec 2000 saddle.
 * Three girths.
 * Three pairs of stirrup leathers.

Sergeant Michael Clark from the East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have been offered these items for sale or may have information that could help our on-going investigation to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sgt Clark, quoting crime reference A1/17/4077, by emailing michael.clark@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
