```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in South Mimms are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 28 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following theft from motor vehicles in South Mimms
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-from-motor-vehicles-in-South-Mimms-1226J
```

###

 * ### A substantial amount of tools were taken from trucks at a depot in South Mimms.

 * ### Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area?

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via 101 or report here.

Officers investigating a theft in South Mimms are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between midnight and 1am on Thursday, October 12, offender(s) forced entry to a depot in St Albans Road where they gained access to three trucks and took tools from inside before making off.

PC Shayne Toughey, who is investigating, said: "A substantial amount of high value tools were taken during this incident. I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen people behaving suspiciously in the vicinity of the depot around the times stated to get in touch as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Toughey via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J1/17/4357 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Did you know that police can security mark your tools for free? Engraving your tools in this way makes them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell on. Police can also reunite tools with their rightful owners more easily, should they ever be lost or stolen and subsequently recovered. Contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team for more information.

** **

** **

** **
