```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) are hosting a Q&A on Facebook next week to answer residents\u2019 questions about community matters."
publish:
  date: 1 May 2020
title: Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team set to answer your questions on Facebook Q&A
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-safer-neighbourhood-team-set-to-answer-your-questions-on-facebook-qa-0076
```

* ### The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting a Q&A on Facebook on Tuesday 5 May 12pm-2pm

 * ### The pandemic means that normal community events have been postponed so the team hope the online Q&A is a useful measure in the meantime

 * ### To ask your question, go to the pinned post on facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) are hosting a Q&A on Facebook next week to answer residents' questions about community matters.

The Q&A will take place between 12pm and 2pm on Tuesday (5 May), with questions answered by Sergeant James Stopford (from the South team), PCSO Cameron Abraham (from the North team) and PC Jessica Gibbs (from the West team).

To ask a question, simply visit the team's Facebook page at facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice and post your question on the pinned post at the top of the page. If you'd prefer to stay anonymous, you can send a private message to the page.

The officers will then respond in a series of posts throughout the two hours.

Sergeant James Stopford said: "Due to the pandemic and social distancing measures, we've had to postpone our normal community events but we want you to know that we're still here and listening.

"The SNT are responsible for fixing short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour and we work hard with our local partners, such as the council, to ensure that Welwyn Hatfield is a safe place to live and work.

"Please don't hesitate to ask us any questions and we will do our best to answer you. The pinned post is currently live on our Facebook page so you don't need to wait until Tuesday to ask us a question. We'd rather we could address your concerns face-to-face but we hope this is a useful measure in the meantime.

"Of course, if you need to report a crime you can still do this by calling 101, and if the crime is in progress or life is in danger call 999 immediately.

"I would like to take this opportunity to thank you all for adhering so well to the government's guidance. We know it's frustrating and difficult but on the whole the community are listening and staying home as much as they can. It's so important that we help to protect the NHS and we are carrying out regular patrols, particularly in parks and green spaces, to ensure that everyone is being sensible and socially distancing."

The Welwyn Hatfield SNT is made up of the following three teams:

North - Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger

West - Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire

South - Hollybush, Cuffley, Howlands, Northaw, Hatfield East, Hatfield South, Welham Green, Brookmans Park and Little Heath

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
