```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Great Amwell have released images of six motocross bikes that were stolen.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2018
title: "Appeal for information following the theft of motocross bikes \u2013 Great Amwell"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-the-theft-of-motocross-bikes-great-amwell
```

* ### Six distinctive motocross bikes were stolen from a garage in Stanstead Road, Great Amwell

 * ### They are of sentimental value to the owner and several of them are data tagged

 * ### Have you seen any of the bikes pictured or been offered them for sale? Call 101 quoting crime reference A1/18/1175

Officers investigating a burglary in Great Amwell have released images of six motocross bikes that were stolen.

It happened at a property off Stanstead Road in the early hours of Wednesday, April 11.

Offender(s) removed a pane of glass from the garage window before reaching inside to open the door latch.

They left the scene and wheeled the following six bikes, pictured, across a field to the rear of the garage:

 * An orange and white KTM 450 ECX, registration MN16 LVX
 * A red Honda CRF 450
 * A blue, white and yellow Husqvarna 350 fc 350 FC
 * A red and white Honda CRF 250
 * A black Aprilia SXV 550 Supermoto
 * A red and black Honda CRF 50

PC Rebecca Cornell, from Hertford Police Station, said: "These bikes have got significant sentimental value to the family they were stolen from and I'd like to be able to return them to their rightful owner.

"Some of the bikes are data tagged and have unique parts on them, which would make them easily identifiable to us. I'd like to speak to anyone who may know their location, have been offered them for sale or have any information which may assist my investigation."

If anyone has any information please email rebecca.cornell@herts.pnn.police.uk, report online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or call Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/18/1175.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Honda CRF 250 Honda CRF 50 Huqsvarna 350 FC Orange and white KTM 450 ECX Black Aprilia SXV 550 Supermoto Red and white Honda CRF 50
