```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 10 May 2019
title: "Witness appeal following fatal collision \u2013 Royston"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-collision-royston-0201
```

* ### Did you witness a collision between a silver VW Golf and a silver Vauxhall Corsa on Baldock Road, Royston?

 * ### Sadly the front seat passenger in the Corsa suffered serious injuries and passed away on April 22

 * ### If you witnessed the collision, on March 30, and haven't yet spoken to police, please get in touch

Officers investigating a fatal collision in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Baldock Road, close to McDonald's, at 12.20pm on March 30, when a silver VW Golf and a silver Vauxhall Corsa were in collision.

The front seat passenger in the Vauxhall Corsa, a woman in her 90s, suffered serious injuries.

Sadly, she later passed away on April 22. The driver of the VW, a woman in her 70s, was also treated for serious injuries. She has been released from hospital and is now recovering.

Sergeant Mark Dollard, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "We are continuing to make enquiries in order to establish the circumstances around this collision.

"Sadly, this has now become a fatal collision investigation as the lady in the Vauxhall Corsa has passed away. Her next of kin are being supported by specially-trained liaison officers.

"We appreciate some time has passed but if you witnessed the collision and did not speak to us at the time, or saw the two vehicles in the lead up to the incident, please get in touch with us."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Carl Callan on _carl.callan@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting Operation Stubbard.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
