```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2021
title: Man charged with attempted murder in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-attempted-murder-in-hemel-hempstead-0146d
```

* ## The incident occurred in Wootton Drive during the early hours of Saturday 2 January.

 * ## The victim sustained several cuts and lacerations.

 * ## A man has been charged and is due to appear before court.

A man has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in Hemel Hempstead.

Gavin Hedges, aged 54, from the Gadebridge area, was charged on Saturday 2 January and remanded into custody to appear before Hatfield Remand Court today (Monday 4 January).

Police were called just after midnight on Saturday (2 January), to report a disturbance outside an address in Wootton Drive.

Officers attended and a man was found to have sustained cuts and lacerations to various parts of his body. His injuries are not being treated as life-threatening.

A vehicle was quickly stopped nearby and an arrest was made.

Detective Constable David Herring, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "I understand this may cause concern among the local community but I would like to reassure people that this is being treated as an isolated incident, between parties known to each other.

"While a charge has been brought, our enquiries are continuing at this time and I would ask anyone with information, who hasn't yet spoken to police, to please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to please email Detective Constable David Herring.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/221/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

**

**
