```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault at a pub in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 4 Jul 2018
title: Witnesses sought following GBH in Stevenage pub
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-gbh-in-stevenage-pub-0470E
```

* ### Witnesses sought following assault at Almond Tree in Stevenage.

 * ### Argument broke out between two men were drinking in the pub.

 * ### One man produced a knife and injured the other.

Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault at a pub in Stevenage.

The incident occurred at 11.25pm on Monday July 2, following an argument between two men who were drinking in the Almond Tree pub in Lonsdale Road. This resulted in one of the men producing a knife and injuring the other.

The injured man has been treated at the Lister Hospital for a cut to his arm and has since been released. Officers are currently working to trace the offender, who is not known to the victim.

Detective Sergeant Bianca Broadbent said: "We believe the offender frequents the pub regularly and we are currently carrying out enquiries to locate him. If you were in the pub at the time or have any information which could help our investigation we would like to speak to you.

"Thankfully the victim was not seriously hurt, but it could have easily have been a different story. Knife crime will not be tolerated in Stevenage and we want to trace the offender as soon as possible.

If you have any information that could help the investigation please contact DS Bianca Broadbent on 101 quoting crime reference number 41/13535/18 or report online.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
