```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for information and are urging residents to secure their properties and be vigilant after seven burglaries were recently reported in Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth."
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2018
title: "Police appeal following burglaries in Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-Appeal-following-burglaries-in-BishopStortford-Sawbridgeworth-1534A
```

* ### Police step up patrols after seven burglaries in Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth.

 * ### Residents advised to remain vigilant and report all suspicious activity immediately.

 * ### Officers request any CCVT footage from nearby properties.

Police are appealing for information and are urging residents to secure their properties and be vigilant after seven burglaries were recently reported in Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth.

The details of the burglaries are as follows:

On Wednesday January 24 between 1.50pm and 5.50pm a house in Weaver Street, Bishop's Stortford was broken into. Offenders used patio furniture to reach a first floor window which they then smashed to gain entry.

The following day - Thursday January 25 - a house in Highfield Avenue was targeted at around 10.45am. Offenders gained access through an insecure side door and stole jewellery and car keys.

On Saturday January 27 a house in Havers Lane was broken into between 2pm and 9.30pm. It is unclear how they accessed the property, but valuable jewellery was taken.

Two further properties were targeted that weekend. Offenders smashed the glass in the rear door of a house in Chesfield Close and then entered using the key. Cash was taken. Another house in Havers Lane was broken into via the back door and a number of valuable items taken.

In Sawbridgeworth two properties were targeted. On Friday January 26 in East Park between 8pm and 8.20pm, offenders managed to gain access to the property via the front door and a large amount of jewellery was taken.

The second burglary occurred in Northfield Road sometime between 1pm on Thursday 26 and 1pm on Friday 26. Offenders smashed a rear window to gain access.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who may have information that could help our inquiries - Did you hear or see anything?

"We are also keen to see any CCTV that was operational during these locations at these times. If you have CCTV that we are not aware of please contact us as soon as possible.

"We are doing everything we can to find those responsible including stepping up our high visibility patrols and handing out crime prevention advice in affected areas. However we need your help. Please look out for your neighbours and if you see any suspicious activity call 999. If safe to do so write down any registrations or descriptions of offenders but do not put yourself at risk.

"Despite the recent burglaries this area remains one of the safest in the country, but we all have a part to play in this, so please follow these crime prevention tips:

 * Offences can happen during the daytime and evenings when occupants are not at home. Criminals will always prefer to target unoccupied homes. If you give your home a lived in look, by using a timer switch to turn on a light, radio or TV, when it gets dark then criminals are more likely to avoid your home."

 * Ensure all windows and doors are secure and locked. "Lift, Lock, Remove"
 * UPVC doors can only be locked by lifting the handle and turning the key to ensure all security features are locked in place.
 * Consider "Smart" devices such as cameras, doorbells and alarms.
 * Keep car and house keys out of sight. Don't leave them on display,
 * Don't keep large amounts of cash at home
 * Security mark all valuable property and register it free.
 * **Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.**
 * **Join Hertfordshire 's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice.**
 * **Visit** **for discounts on security products.**

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Sergeant Mark Collins on 101 or email or report information online.

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit information through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken
