```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man from Waltham Cross was arrested in Cheshunt on Thursday 15 August after being stopped by officers from Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion team."
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2019
title: "Man arrested after being stopped by Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion team"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-after-being-stopped-by-broxbournes-operation-scorpion-team-0657k
```

* ### Around 30 wraps of suspected Class A drugs were found after a man was stopped in the Cheshunt.

 * ### The man was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply and driving offences.

A man from Waltham Cross was arrested in Cheshunt on Thursday 15 August after being stopped by officers from Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion team.

At around 3.30pm the officers spotted a black Mini Cooper being driven in Theobalds Lane. It was stopped off the A10 near the Travelodge hotel.

The man was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply after around 30 wraps of suspected Class A drugs were found.

The driver was also required to undertake a drug wipe. He was subsequently arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs.

Additionally, the man was arrested on suspicion of taking a vehicle without the owner's consent and driving without insurance.

The man - who is 31-years-old - was taken to police custody. He has since been released under investigation.

PC Ian Gould from Operation Scorpion said: "Our team continues to proactively patrol Broxbourne borough with the aim of targeting those suspected of being involved in criminality.

"Our aim is to relentlessly pursue those who would cause harm to our communities and the public can help us with this effort.

"If you suspect someone is involved in criminality please let us know so we can take action. One phone call could be all that it takes to help us protect members of our community from harm."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
