```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are urging motorists to secure their vehicles properly after thieves targeted parked cars in Bushey.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2020
title: Security reminder after thieves target parked cars in Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Security-reminder-after-thieves-target-parked-cars-in-Bushey-0561
```

Officers are urging motorists to secure their vehicles properly after thieves targeted parked cars in Bushey.

In the early hours of Wednesday (August 26), offenders walked along Rossway Drive, Falconer Road and Haydon Dell trying the handles of vehicles.

Sergeant Matthew Cann said: "These opportunist thieves were trying their luck, checking the door handles on vehicles as they made their way along these streets. When they managed to get into the cars they searched inside looking for any valuables to steal.

"It is so important to make sure you secure your vehicles properly when leaving them parked and please also remove any valuables that may catch the attention of a passing criminal.

"If you don't you are making yourselves an easy target for thieves who can access your vehicle in seconds and take what's inside causing you a lot of inconvenience and possibly leaving you out of pocket.

"Following the offences on Wednesday we have been carrying out proactive patrols in the area but I'm also urging residents to report any suspicious activity to us via 101 or online at herts.police.uk/report. If you think a crime is in progress always dial 999.

"If you believe your car was targeted on Wednesday and you have you not yet reported it to us please get in touch."

There is more vehicle crime prevention advice on our website and some local garages are offering free catalytic converter security marking as part of our campaign Operation Feline.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/68606/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
