```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with murder following the death of a woman in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2021
title: Man charged with murder in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-murder-in-welwyn-garden-city-1131b
```

* ### A woman was found dead at her home in Lady Grove.

 * ### A man has been charged with murder.

 * ### He is due to appear in court today.

A man has been charged with murder following the death of a woman in Welwyn Garden City.

Alex Staines, aged 30, from Upperfield Road, Welwyn Garden City, was also charged with possession of a bladed article and has been remanded into custody to appear before Hatfield Remand Court today (Friday 29 January).

Police were called at around 9.20am on Wednesday 27 January to report concerns for the welfare of a woman at an address in Lady Grove.

Officers attended and the woman, aged 25, was found with injuries which had sadly proved fatal.

A murder investigation was launched by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit and a man was arrested a short time later.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the BCH MCU, who is leading the investigation, said: "Our thoughts are with the victim's family and friends at what is an unimaginably difficult time for them. They are being supported by specialist officers and we would ask that their privacy is respected.

"Our enquiries into the incident are continuing, but it is being treated as an isolated incident between parties known to each other. If you have any concerns, or any information which may assist the investigation, please get in touch."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Tuva.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
