```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A three month extension order has been secured on a property in Hertford as the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, East Herts Council and Waltham Forest Housing Association continue to take action against those involved in drug related crime.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2018
title: Closure Order Extension Secured on Hertford Property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-Order-Extension-Secured-on-Hertford-Property
```

* ### Three month extension on Closure Order granted

 * ### Investigations continue into ASB and drugs activity linked to Cromwell Road address

A three month extension order has been secured on a property in Hertford as the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, East Herts Council and Waltham Forest Housing Association continue to take action against those involved in drug related crime.

The extension was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at Stevenage Magistrates court on Wednesday, August 1 and bans specified people from entering the property in Cromwell Road for another three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

The property was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the address in an anti-social manner. Reports had been received regarding drug related activity and anti-social behaviour both during the day and at night.

Community Safety Sergeant Claire Ramirez said **:** "The closure order is just part of a long running multi-agency investigation into the behaviour of those using this address. It was sought following numerous complaints from concerned residents who were affected and concerned by the behaviour of the occupants and their associates.

"We will continue to work together in partnership to target those engaged in crime and anti-social behaviour. This is yet another excellent example of how working together to jointly identify root causes will ultimately lead to longer term solutions.

"I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour of this nature to the police."
