```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers were on patrol in Stevenage on Monday (16 December) to promote the feedback service \u2018echo\u2019, and ask residents what matters most to them about policing in the town. Officers were at Stevenage train station and in the town centre handing out information leaflets, talking to local business owners and asking members of the public what they can do to make them feel safer."
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2019
title: "Police officers promote \u2018echo\u2019 in Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officers-promote-echo-in-stevenage-1202
```

* ### Officers were on patrol this week in Stevenage to promote echo.

 * ### 'echo' is a public feedback service.

 * ### Hertfordshire Constabulary wants to know what you think we should prioritise when policing your area.

Officers were on patrol in Stevenage on Monday (16 December) to promote the feedback service 'echo', and ask residents what matters most to them about policing in the town. Officers were at Stevenage train station and in the town centre handing out information leaflets, talking to local business owners and asking members of the public what they can do to make them feel safer.

The echo platform made its Hertfordshire debut in August 2019. The aim of echo is to bridge the gap between the Constabulary and the community, so that officers can police your area more efficiently and effectively and, most importantly, make you feel safer. We want to know what you want us to focus our time and resources on.

All feedback that comes through via echo is completely anonymous, and you can submit it at any time, in any place. There are two ways of submitting your feedback. You can either text 'echo' followed by your comments to 66099 (standard network rates apply), or go here.

We want any and all feedback - good or bad. The more feedback, views, and opinions we receive, the better we can understand what matters most to the public, where our services are working well or where we need to improve.

Sergeant Nicolas Achilleos, of the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "echo is a great way for us to see where you think we should invest our time and resources. We have quarterly meetings to set our policing priorities, where we discuss what we think we should focus on for the coming months.

"The echo survey is just one question - what matters most to you about policing in your area? Some of the issues highlighted by the people we spoke to include speeding, anti-social behaviour, and dangerous parking.

"While lots of these issues are already a part of our local safer neighbourhood priorities, we are always keen to hear about specific issues or problems that are causing you concern. We will act on all information and feedback we receive to make our residents feel supported and safe."

However, please be aware that you shouldn't use echo to report a crime. To do that, contact the Force Communications Room via online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
