```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A high-visibility traffic operation was carried out by special officers and cadets in Croxley Green and Sarratt on Saturday (March 23).
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2019
title: "Specials and cadets carry out traffic operation \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/specials-and-cadets-carry-out-traffic-operation-three-rivers-2811c
```

* ### Special officers and cadets carried out a high-visibility traffic operation in Three Rivers on Saturday.

 * ### They stationed themselves in Croxley Green before moving to Sarratt to enforce the 30mph speed limit.

 * ### Several motorists were given words of advice at locations that were previously speeding hotspots.

A high-visibility traffic operation was carried out by special officers and cadets in Croxley Green and Sarratt on Saturday (March 23).

Two Special Sergeants and a Special Constable led the operation with support from five police cadets.

The cadets, aged between 14 and 18, were first given a briefing at Rickmansworth Police Station where they were shown how to operate and calibrate the speed gun.

They also learned about Traffic Offence Reports (TORs)* before heading out to The Green in Croxley Green. Here, they gave three motorists words of advice on their speed before moving to The Green in nearby Sarratt, where they spoke to a female motorist whose personalised number plate did not conform to DVLA standards.

Special Sergeant Elaine Colbeck said: "This operation gave the cadets a chance to learn some new skills and they had all mastered the speed gun by the end of the afternoon. It also enabled us to carry out some proactive patrols in a location that has previously been a speeding hotspot.

"The speed limit in both areas is 30mph however some motorists are often tempted to speed despite it being a residential area. The limits are imposed to keep you safe so please kill your speed and not someone else."

**_The Special Constabulary_** _(often known as "Specials") consists of volunteer police officers who have the same powers as regular officers. Specials spend at least four hours a week supporting the police in tackling crime in their communities. Specials are recruited locally and work in partnership with regular officers and the wider policing family, such as Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs)._

**_The Police Cadets_** _are young members of the community, aged between 14 and 18, that are involved in a wide range of activities and events. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention._

**_A Traffic Offence Reports (TORs)_** _are issued by officers to motorists they have reason to believe have committed a road traffic-related offence._
