```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was assaulted twice and knocked unconscious in Hitchin town centre.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2020
title: Witness appeal after serious assaults in Hitchin town centre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-after-serious-assaults-in-hitchin-town-centre-1337g
```

* ## Were you in Hitchin town centre on Sunday afternoon?

 * ## Did you see an assault or help the victim?

 * ## We're appealing for witnesses.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was assaulted twice and knocked unconscious in Hitchin town centre.

On Sunday 26 January the victim was walking along Churchgate outside the Caribbean chicken shop just after 2.10pm when he was approached by four men. One of the group punched the victim. Moments later he was punched again as he walked towards Manny's Cafe.

He fell to the ground and lost consciousness. When he came around several passers-by helped him.

PC Alex Wheeler, who is investigating, said: "We would like to hear from anyone who saw what happened or who helped the victim afterward the assaults. The victim sustained nasty injuries and needed hospital treatment, including stitches to a significant cut to his eyebrow.

"We would appeal to anyone who saw these serious incidents or who has any information about it at all, including who the offenders might be, to contact us as soon as possible."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Wheeler or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/7898/20. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
