```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after a property was deliberately set alight in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2020
title: Arson in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arson-in-stevenage-0693
```

* ### The incident occurred at an address in The Muntings.

 * ### A front door was set alight, causing extensive damage.

 * ### Enquiries are continuing.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after a property was deliberately set alight in Stevenage.

Police were called by the fire service shortly before midday on Tuesday 22 September, to advise that they were attending a fire at an address in The Muntings.

It was discovered that the front door of the property had been deliberately set alight, causing extensive damage.

Detective Constable Jennie Wilson, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was inside the property at the time, as the consequences could have proved fatal. Extensive damage was caused however and the occupants of the address have been left temporarily homeless as a result.

"Our enquiries are continuing to trace the person, or people, responsible for this dangerous act. If you have any information which could assist our investigation, please contact us straightaway."

Anyone with information is asked to email jennie.wilson@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/76252/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
