```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-burglary-in-watford-1150
```

* ### A property in Riverside Road was broken into.

 * ### Several pieces of sentimental jewellery were stolen.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

On Sunday 3 November, a property in Riverside Road was broken into between 2.45pm and 6.15pm. It is believed that the suspect(s) had gained entry by damaging the back door of the property.

A messy search had been conducted, and several items were found to be missing, including several pieces of jewellery, specifically:

 * Two distinctive white gold wedding rings, one which is a plain wedding bang with a discrete pattern around the edges and the other a plain wedding band with a small amethyst inset;
 * A silver necklace with an angel wings pendant, with a small blue stone inset;
 * A three inch long bullet shaped glass pendant with five inset stones on a silver chain.

Detective Constable David Herring, who is investigating the case, said: "If you were in the area at the time, and believe that you may have witnessed the event or witnessed someone behaving suspiciously, please get in contact. Any information, no matter how minor it may seem, could be key to us solving a case.

"The victim is understandably devastated about the loss of her belongings - not only are the items of high value in monetary terms, they're also of huge sentimental value to the victim.

"If you've seen any jewellery matching the description, or perhaps been offered some for sale, please get in contact with us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Herring directly via email at _david.herring@herts.pnn.police.uk._

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/108887/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
