```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 21 Jul 2020
title: Witness appeal following aggravated burglary in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-cheshunt-0382k
```

* ### Witnesses and CCTV footage are being sought following an aggravated burglary in Cheshunt.

 * ### The incident took place on Church Lane on Monday 13 July around 4.30am.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/54746/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Cheshunt.

It has been reported that around 4.30am on Monday 13 July three men broke into a property on Church Lane and an occupant was threatened before jewellery and a mobile phone were taken.

It is believed the men fled on Church Lane towards Whitefields Road.

Detective Constable Elaine Adams, who is investigating, said: "This was a distressing incident for those targeted and I'd like to hear from anyone who has information about this to come forward.

"Were you in the area, or do you have CCTV which captured anything suspicious around this time?

"I'm particularly keen to hear from anyone who saw people running from Church Lane towards Whitefields Road.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at elaine.adams@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/54746/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-broxbourne and tell us your thoughts.
