```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to an altercation in Welwyn Garden City, following which a man is alleged to have indecently exposed himself.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Altercation in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/altercation-in-welwyn-garden-city-0332
```

* ### The incident started near the Co-op in Cole Green Lane.

 * ### A man is alleged to have indecently exposed himself while leaving the area.

 * ### Police are asking anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses to an altercation in Welwyn Garden City, following which a man is alleged to have indecently exposed himself.

Sometime between 8.30pm and 9pm on Monday 6 July an altercation occurred between a group of men near the Co-op in Cole Green Lane.

Four men then left the area in the direction of Homestead Court. While they were walking along, one of the males is reported to have pulled his trousers down and exposed himself to people travelling in a vehicle.

The people in the vehicle are thought to have witnessed the prior altercation and were on the phone to police at the time.

Assistant Investigator Jayne Davidson said: "Our enquiries are continuing at this time to establish the circumstances around what happened. We are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the altercation, or events surrounding it, to please get in contact with us."

Anyone with information is asked to email jayne.davidson@herts.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/52980/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

• Two men have been arrested in connection with the incident and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
