```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses after a suspicious incident was reported in Reed.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2019
title: Suspicious incident in Reed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspicious-incident-in-reed-0932g
```

* ### Indecent exposure reported in Reed.

 * ### Local resident confront man acting strangely behind his garden fence.

 * ### Police appeal for any similar sightings to be reported.

Police in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses after a suspicious incident was reported in Reed.

On Wednesday 16 October, a local resident noticed a man behaving strangely behind his garden hedge in Nicholls Yard. When he went to investigate, he saw the man was holding his genitals. The resident then confronted the man who ran away.

Investigating officer DC Simon Goodship said: "We are making a number of enquiries in order to trace the man in this incident, so we can establish the exact circumstances. We take reports of exposure very seriously, but we continue to keep an open mind in investigations of this nature.

"However we would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed any similar behaviour or seen a man behaving suspiciously in this area."

Anyone with information should contact DC Goodship via email or via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/93693/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
