```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a commercial burglary in Tring are releasing images of distinctive jewellery that was stolen during the break-in.
publish:
  date: 13 May 2019
title: Have you seen this jewellery?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-jewellery-0203d
```

* ### Handmade distinctive jewellery was stolen during a burglary at a farm shop in Tring.

 * ### Officers are releasing images of the jewellery and are asking the public to look out for it.

 * ### Offenders also stole cash from the tills and a laptop on Bank Holiday Monday (May 6).

Officers investigating a commercial burglary in Tring are releasing images of distinctive jewellery that was stolen during the break-in.

Dunsley Farm Shop in London Road was targeted by offender(s) in the early hours of Bank Holiday Monday, May 6. They forced the front door and stole cash from the tills, a laptop and a significant amount of handmade jewellery.

PC Lazarus Clark from the Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "This jewellery is made by the owner of the business and then sold in the farm shop. These items are very distinctive and one of a kind.

"I'm appealing for anyone who believes they have seen the jewellery pictured or been offered any of the items for sale to please get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact PC Clark by emailing, submitting information online or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/40592/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.
