```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a road traffic collision in South Oxhey are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 23 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following a collision in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-collision-in-South-Oxhey
```

* ### A motorcycle and a Smart Fortwo were in collision on Prestwick Road

 * ### It happened around 7pm on Friday, December 22

 * ### Did you witness the incident? Call 101 quoting ISR 743 of December 22

Officers investigating a road traffic collision in South Oxhey are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Prestwick Road at around 7pm yesterday evening (Friday, December 22).

A motorcycle and a Smart Fortwo were in collision and the motorcyclist, a man in his late teens, has suffered serious injuries.

He has been taken to hospital for treatment and his next of kin are aware. No one else was injured.

Following the collision, the road was closed at the junction with Green Lane and the roundabout junction with Hayling Road to allow emergency services to deal with the incident.

A police car was in the vicinity at the time of the incident but was not in pursuit of either of the vehicles prior to the collision.

Sergeant Will Hood, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "The moped rider's injuries are not thought to be life-threatening at this stage but potentially life-changing.

"We are currently working to establish the circumstances around the incident, and we are keen to hear from anyone who saw either the moped or the Smart car leading up to the collision.

"Do you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? Were you driving along Prestwick Road or any of the surrounding roads at the time stated? If so, we would like to see the footage."

If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 743 of December 22 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
