```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following retirements, promotions and re-locations, there are lots of new faces in the St Albans district policing team.
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2018
title: "It\u2019s all change in the St Albans district police team"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Its-all-change-in-the-StAlbans-district-police-team-1833F
```

* ### All change - lots of new faces in the St Albans district policing team.

 * ### Active citizenship and communication is key says new Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek.

 * ### He is joined by Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche and the new Safer Neighbourhood Sergeants.

Following retirements, promotions and re-locations, there are lots of new faces in the St Albans district policing team.

At the helm, with overall responsibility for running the St Albans policing teams is the new **Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek.** CI Cheek took up the post today (Monday March 26) replacing Chief Inspector Shane O'Neill, who has retired after 30 years' service.

St Albans district **Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche** has replaced Neighbourhood Inspector Adam Such, who is now working in the Change Team at Police Headquarters.

**London Colney and St Albans East Neighbourhood Sergeant** Rory Arnott has been promoted to Intervention Inspector, covering St Albans. He is being replaced by **Sergeant Mark Williams.** Neighbourhood Sergeant for St Albans Central, North and West **Jordon Fox is moving to the Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team** , to replace Sergeant Chris Thomas, who has transferred to Northamptonshire Police. The new **St Albans SNT Sergeant is Sergeant Paul Caro**.

CI O'Neill said: "My priorities have always been to help keep people safe, catch criminals and reduce crime. I've been very lucky to work with some fantastic officers who really want to make a difference and I will be very sad to leave St Albans, which is a city I know very well as I have strong family connections here. Initially, I will be spending time with my family before embarking on a number of various projects. I know there is a huge community spirit in St Albans district. I would like to thank the public for working with my officers to help tackle all types of crime which can be so impactive on people's lives, from anti-social behaviour, to drugs, acquisitive crime and assaults, to purse-dippers and fly-tipping offences. Please also continue to take responsibility for implementing crime prevention measures and take sensible precautions to stay safe. CI Cheek is going to be a real asset to St Albans and I wish him every success."

**CI Cheek** , whose previous role was heading up the child protection unit in East London covering seven London boroughs for the Metropolitan Police, said: "I'm very excited to be the new Chief Inspector for St Albans. I'm looking forward to new challenges and having the opportunity to problem-solve here, rather than fire-fighting."

CI Cheek, who moved from London to Hertfordshire in February this year, manages over 100 officers, heading up the three Safer Neighbourhood teams, the Local Crime Unit (who deal with a range of criminal investigations), Intervention (who respond to both emergency and non-emergency incidents), the Community Safety Unit and volunteers, including Special Constables (volunteers with full police powers).

Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche

He said: "I want to make sure my officers remain visible and accessible to the public. I want victims of crime to be left with a positive impression of their contact with police following reporting. I expect my officers to always be honest and supportive and keep victims of crime updated regularly. I want residents to feel safe, ensure they receive an excellent response from the police, work together to reduce crime and encourage the public to be even more community focussed. I've met a lot of my officers and I'm lucky to have inherited a committed team. I'll do everything I can to make sure they are proud of the difference they make within the community."

He said: "St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney are very desirable places to live and therefore unfortunately this will attract criminality and anti-social behaviour, as there is in every town and city. However, I am keen to encourage more **' active citizenship,'** where residents support the work of my officers by taking some personal responsibility for keeping themselves and their property safe by using crime prevention advice, reporting suspicious activity and joining schemes like Neighbourhood Watch. I intend to continue the close work with our partner agencies to reduce crime."

He said: "Initially, I will be working hard to further develop my knowledge of the policing demands across St Albans district, working with partner agencies and build on the good work that has already been done by CI O'Neill. **Communication** is key for me especially in relation to victims of crime and the harder to reach members of our community, including the elderly, young and people with mental health issues. I want my teams to act positively to help safeguard the more vulnerable in our community."

The new CI is keen to promote the new ways of reporting crime, for non-emergency situations where people can report crime, provide information about suspicious activity, report non-injury road traffic collisions and anti-social driving at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report. Always call 999 if you believe a crime is in progress, may be about to be in progress or the offenders are still in the area. He said: "Please be vigilant, report any suspicious behaviour and look out for your neighbours."

CI Cheek grew up in Barnet and joined the Met 21 years ago. "I wanted to make a difference. I had family friends in the police and I wanted to do something worthwhile and rewarding." He was stationed in Hackney before becoming a Detective Constable investigating gang related crime, burglary, robbery and other major crime. He then moved onto the Operation Trident unit, which tackles gangs and gun crime in Afro-Caribbean communities. He worked on the homicide unit before being promoted to a Detective Sergeant in Waltham Forest working on the Community Safety Unit dealing with domestic abuse and also investigating serious acquisitive crime and serious violence including an assault involving acid. He then moved to SO15 dealing with counter terrorism and domestic extremism before moving to the Child Abuse Investigation Teams.

CI Cheek is currently writing his dissertation on 'Mental Health in Policing' at Canterbury Christchurch, where he has been studying for three years.

To help make sure news is accurate, he has set up a **St Albans Community Safety Partnership** Facebook page. He explained: "I want to make sure residents hear police news from the police and not what they read on social media, which is often misleading or inaccurate. You will not be able to report crime here but I'm hoping this will become an important method of communicating with the community."

You can also follow CI Cheek on Twitter **@StAlbansChief **

CI Cheek is married with a 17-year-old step-son and 10-year-old daughter and they live in North Hertfordshire. In his spare time, he referees a semi-professional football team in the South-East.

**Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche** said: "I know St Albans very well, having previously lived here and it is a lovely place to live and work. I'm very pleased to be posted here."

He said: "My job is to help keep it that way by stopping lower level anti-social behaviour escalating into more serious crime. Whilst we can put things in place to stop and deter crime, we rely on members of the public to help us. We need to work towards a culture where policing is an equal partnership between the community, the police and other partner agencies and where the community feel some ownership in their neighbourhoods for crime prevention. Simple things like reporting suspicious incidents, investing in home security and removing valuables from their cars go a long way to making St Albans a less appealing place for criminals to operate."

Inspector Roche joins St Albans from Broxbourne and East Herts Intervention (responding to 999 and non-emergency calls) having joined Hertfordshire Constabulary over 15 years ago. He has a broad policing background having managed cross border proactive drug supply operations, supervised volume crime investigations through custody and worked on the Armed Policing Unit.

During his first week, he met colleagues from St Albans City and District Council and started to get to know his new team, which includes four Sergeants and around 40 PCs, PCSOs and support staff.

He said: "Policing is becoming increasingly difficult due to the ever changing demands. I'm really looking forward to the process of understanding the local problems, pulling it apart and finding long term solutions as opposed to being simply reactive."

Sergeant Mark Williams

Insp Roche is married with children and lives in North Hertfordshire. In his spare time he enjoys outdoor activities in Wales and the North of England.

**London Colney, St Stephens and St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Williams** has had lots of neighbourhood experience having come from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood team. "The issues are very different here. St Albans is a nice place to live and generally residents want to make sure it stays that way. We do need your help to solve crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB) and we can support you by using our powers, for example issuing Community Protection Notices, to solve any ongoing ASB which is having a negative effect on the community." A breach of a CPN becomes criminal and those who breach their CPN could face arrest or be summonsed directly to court.

He said: "I expect my officers to be highly-visible on bikes or on foot. I will be building on the partnership work previously done as crime and ASB is not just a police issue. I'd also like to increase opportunities for residents to meet their local officers at regular community engagement events and do more Safer Streets events." Representatives from the council and fire service join the police at Safer Streets events. They target streets to give residents crime prevention advice, install smoke alarms and make sure residents are given advice about giving up smoking or eating more healthily.

Mark joined the Constabulary in 2002, the day after his 25th birthday, having previously worked fixing the hardware in computers. "I've always been interested in joining the police and knew this was the job for me. Being in computers is far more predictable but being in the police is challenging and rewarding and you never know what is going to happen during your shift."

Sergeant Williams was initially stationed in East Herts on Intervention, before moving to Stevenage as an Acting Sergeant. He has worked in North Herts and Stevenage in neighbourhoods for the last five years and has moved to St Albans on promotion to substantive Sergeant.

He is especially proud of helping to get a drug dealer in custody less than 24 hours after receiving information about the unknown man in Hertford.

In his spare time, he enjoys playing cricket, fishing and cycling. He is married, lives in Hertfordshire and has two children.

**Sergeant Jordon Fox** is now covering **Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team** (SNT) and also has lots of neighbourhood experience, having previously headed up the St Albans Central, North and West SNT for the past two-and-a-half years. "My role has been very challenging however very enjoyable but it's time for a change. I have forged close relationships with our partners, including St Albans City and District Council, and successfully tackled a number of crime and ASB issues."

In 2016, he arrested a burglar in Verulam whilst on patrol in the burglary 'hotspot' who was later convicted and sent to prison. He said: "That's what I come to work to do - to catch the bad guys and that's why I joined up."

He said: "I wanted to join Harpenden and Rural SNT to experience new areas of policing as you have the town of Harpenden to manage as well as many surrounding rural areas which bring new challenges to policing. There are members of our community that sometimes feel isolated in rural areas and it is important they trust the police so that we can help them. I want to work closely with farmers and landowners to deal with their concerns, including hare coursing, thefts of machinery and damage to crops. I will also be helping to reduce the burglary series in Harpenden in the more urban areas of the town.

"I'm excited about working with the Harpenden community and partners to continue to make this a safe and appealing place to live.

He added: "I leave an excellent dedicated team who work tirelessly for the community they serve."

Sergeant Fox joined the police 15 years ago after having done his degree in Sociology at Luton University. In his spare time, he enjoys playing football and baseball.

**Sergeant Paul Caro** will be joining the St Albans Central, North and West shortly.

You can follow the SNTs on Twitter:

**@HarpendenPolice**

**@StAlbansPolice**

**@LdnColneyPolice**

If you would like to receive emails about crime in your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) or speak to your local PCSO.
