```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Fines have been issued after an incident in Hatfield where COVID-19 legislation was breached.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: COVID-19 fines issued following anti-social behaviour in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/covid-19-fines-issued-following-anti-social-behaviour-in-hatfield-145all
```

* ## Police were called on Sunday (31 January) to reports of a group of people behaving anti-socially in Comet Way, Hatfield.

 * ## A Section 35 dispersal order was put in place and 17 people were arrested.

 * ## Two £200 fines have been issued and further action has been taken against juveniles involved.

Fines have been issued after an incident in Hatfield where COVID-19 legislation was breached.

Police were called at around 4.30pm on Sunday (31 January) to reports of a group of people behaving anti-socially in Comet Way, Hatfield.

It was reported that they had been throwing eggs at oncoming vehicles.

Officers attended, and a Section 35 dispersal order was put in place, allowing officers to direct people to move on from the area.

17 people were arrested in connection with the incident. Of these:

 * Two were given £200 fixed penalty notices for breaching coronavirus regulations
 * Four were given Community Protection Warnings (CPWs)*
 * 13 were given Acceptable Behaviour Agreements (ABAs)**

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "This behaviour is unacceptable at the best of times let alone during a deadly pandemic. I hope that the community feel reassured by our response. The majority of those arrested were under 18 which means legally we cannot issue COVID-19 fines but that does not stop us from taking other robust action.

"I think this is a good opportunity to remind parents to ensure that their children follow the COVID-19 guidance. As this incident demonstrates, there will be severe consequences for anybody who chooses to selfishly disregard the guidance."

If members of the public are concerned that a business is breaching coronavirus rules, please contact your local district or borough council in the first instance.

If you are concerned that an individual is breaking the law or you are experiencing anti-social behaviour, you can report this to police, who will consider the most appropriate response and will target the most problematic behaviour. Reports should be made online at herts.police.uk/contact or via 101 wherever possible. In an emergency dial 999.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Welwyn/Hatfield echo and tell us your thoughts.

* The CPW will describe the behaviour which is believed to be unreasonable and will detail the actions the individual will need to undertake in order to resolve the issues. Each action will be relevant to the behaviour believed to have been undertaken, and have a specific timescale in which to be adhered. If the recipient's behaviour is not rectified through the CPW and they have breached the CPW, then a CPN will need to be issued. There will need to be evidence of the offender breaching the warning. A breach of any of the requirements in the CPN is then dealt with as a criminal offence.

** An Acceptable Behaviour Agreement is a voluntary written agreement between a young person, (usually between 10 and 18 years of age), and the local authority and police. The young person agrees not to be involved with certain specified anti-social acts and the terms of the agreement are developed with the individual in an interview. The agreement is signed in the presence of their parents or guardian, a representative of the local authority and a police officer. ABAs usually last for six months. They are not legally binding however, if breached, they can be used as evidence in situations where enforcement action needs to be taken through court.

**

**
