```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A further arrest has been made as part of the investigation into the murder of Cameron Hill in Hatfield last year.
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020
title: Further arrest in Hatfield murder investigation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/further-arrest-in-hatfield-murder-investigation-0635
```

* ### A 23 year old woman from London has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, in connection with the murder of Cameron Hill in June 2019

 * ### Six people are due to stand trial at Cambridge Crown Court on 15 February 2021

 * ### Anyone with information about Cameron's murder should contact police

A further arrest has been made as part of the investigation into the murder of Cameron Hill in Hatfield last year.

Yesterday (Tuesday 15 September), officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit arrested a 23 year old woman from London on suspicion of assisting an offender. She has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

In the early hours of Monday 10 June 2019, the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in St Peters Close, off St Albans Road West.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services at the scene, and later at Lister Hospital, Cameron, aged 23, from North Mymms, sadly died.

The following people are due to stand trial at Cambridge Crown Court on 15 February 2021.

 * Christy Bishop, age 38, of St Peters Close, Hatfield, charged with murder
 * Nicholas Pitts, age 39, of Stockbreach Road, Hatfield, charged with murder
 * Arnold Masumbundu, age 19 of Lyme Farm Road, London, charged with murder
 * Nickell Moore, age 24, of Between Streets, Cobham, charged with murder
 * Najiib Hasan, age 23, of Queen Adelaide Road, London, charged with murder
 * Jason Gilzean, age 53, of Campion Road, Hatfield, charged with two counts of assisting an offender

Anyone with any information about Cameron's murder should contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 25 of June 10 2019.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
