```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision on the A10 at Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following collision in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-walthamcross-1881K
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision on the A10 at Waltham Cross.

At around 10.10am on Thursday, October 4, two vehicles travelling southbound on the A10 were involved in a collision at traffic lights on the M25 roundabout.

A man driving one of the vehicles involved is reported to have got out of his vehicle and began shouting and swearing at the woman motorist in the other vehicle.

During the incident the woman attempted to call police and the man tried to grab her phone and in doing so elbowed the woman in the face.

A number of witnesses intervened and told the man to leave the woman alone.

The offender is described as being a white man, of large build with dark brown hair. He was driving a grey Ford Focus.

PC Karen Hutchinson, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident to get in touch and I would particularly like to speak to those who intervened as you may have information that could assist our investigation.

"If you have dash cam footage of the incident please download it, save it and get in touch with me as this could also help."

Anyone who saw the incident is asked to contact PC Karen Hutchinson by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/40367/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
