```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following an incident on the A505 in North Hertfordshire last night (Sunday 20 October).
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2019
title: Witnesses sought to dangerous driving in North Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-to-dangerous-driving-in-north-herts-0927
```

* ### A black Volkswagen Polo was driving the wrong way on the A505.

 * ### The incident happened on Sunday 20 October at around 11.45pm.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses following an incident on the A505 in North Hertfordshire last night (Sunday 20 October).

Police were called at approximately 11.45pm to report that a Volkswagen Polo was being driven the wrong way between Royston and Baldock.

The vehicle was intercepted by officers at the junction for Wallington.

PC Tom Daly, of the Road Policing Unit, said: "If you were in the area at the time, and believe that you may have seen the incident take place, please get in contact. If you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage and send us anything that you think could help with our enquiries.

"Please be assured that we conduct regular patrols on the A505 and any offences will be dealt with accordingly."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Daly directly at Tom.Daly@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 814 of 20 October. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

• A 57-year-old woman from Hemel Hempstead has been reported for dangerous driving.
