```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-hertford-1556
```

* ### The incident happened on Tuesday 3 March.

 * ### It was reported that the victim was threatened with a baton before being assaulted.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hertford.

On Tuesday 3 March, at around 8.15pm, the victim was in Windsor Drive with a group of friends.

He was approached by three males who threatened him with a baton. They then stole his bag, which was a black Nike branded rucksack, before assaulting him.

The victim sustained several injuries, including a split lip which required hospital treatment.

The three offenders were described as white males, who were around 5ft 10ins and wearing all black. It was reported that they had Irish accents.

Detective Constable Nicholas Shuttlewood, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, the victim has been left incredibly shaken up following this incident. As well as sustaining several painful injuries, he also had his property stolen.

"If you were in the area at the time and believe you may have seen three males matching the description or behaving suspiciously, please get in touch. If you witnessed the incident, or have any information you think could assist our investigation, please contact me as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Shuttlewood directly via email at nicholas.shuttlewood@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/20780/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
