```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Welwyn.
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following burglary in Welwyn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-welwyn-0148b
```

* ## On Wednesday 23 December, offender(s) accessed a farm in Great North Road and stole thousands of pounds worth of power tools.

 * ## The offender(s) are believed to have travelled in a dark coloured vehicle.

 * ## If you can help, call 101 or email PC Sarah Sherlock at sarah.sherlock@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/102664/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Welwyn.

At around 8.10pm on Wednesday 23 December, offender(s) accessed a farm in Great North Road and stole thousands of pounds worth of power tools from a barn.

The offender(s) are believed to have travelled in a dark coloured vehicle.

PC Sarah Sherlock, who is investigating, said: "A large quantity of Stihl hedge trimmers, chainsaws and leaf blowers were stolen and I am appealing to anyone who thinks they have been offered them for sale to get in touch.

"Likewise, anyone who saw what happened or anyone with information about the burglary should get in touch. Were you in the area? Did you see something suspicious? Do you think you saw the vehicle? Any information you have, no matter how insignificant it might seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email PC Sarah Sherlock quoting crime reference 41/102664/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Welwyn/Hatfield echo and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
