```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Watford yesterday (Wednesday, August 8).
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2018
title: Appeal following altercation in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-altercation-Watford-1633-c
```

* ### Man in his 30s sustained several injuries.

 * ### Knife recovered from the scene and man arrested on suspicion of assault.

 * ### Witnesses urged to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Watford yesterday (Wednesday, August 8).

At around 4.40pm police were called to Percy Road after receiving reports of an altercation between two men.

A man in his 30s sustained several injuries. An ambulance attended the scene and the man is currently in hospital receiving ongoing treatment.

Detective Sergeant Chris Parperi from the Watford Local Crime Unit said: "Officers have arrested a man aged in his late teens on suspicion of assault and he remains in custody. We have also recovered a knife from the scene.

"As we now investigate the circumstances surrounding this incident, I would ask anyone who saw what happened - or the events prior to or after the incident - to come forward.

"You can contact us via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 681 of August 8, or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."

Police remain in Percy Road whilst the incident is investigated.
