```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a robbery in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses \u2013 in particular three men who helped the victim afterwards."
publish:
  date: 3 May 2018
title: Were you one of three men who helped robbery victim in Rickmansworth?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/were-you-one-of-three-men-who-helped-robbery-victim-in-Rickmansworth
```

* Were you one of three men who helped victim of robbery and took him to hospital?
 * It happened in Batchworth Heath between 10pm and 10.15pm on May 1
 * If it was you, please call 101 quoting crime reference C2/18/1306

Officers investigating a robbery in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses - in particular three men who helped the victim afterwards.

It happened on Batchworth Heath between 10pm and 10.15pm on Tuesday, May 1.

The victim, a man in his 40s, was approached by the offender near to the Prince of Wales pub. The offender verbally abused the victim before throwing a glass at him.

He then followed the victim, who tried to leave, and punched him in the face before demanding cash.

The victim handed over £70 and the offender left. He is described as white, aged in his late twenties or early thirties and of average to heavy build.

He was wearing a dark jacket, jeans and a Tottenham FC cap.

Immediately after the robbery, three men came to the victim's aid and took him to A&E in Hillingdon in a white BMW.

They are all described as Asian and in their early to mid-twenties.

However after dropping the victim off at the hospital, they did not leave their details and officers are now keen to speak with them as part of their enquiries.

Detective Constable Nicola Stewart, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We would like to speak to the three men who kindly helped the victim after he was assaulted and robbed.

"I would like to stress that they are not in any trouble at all, but they may have witnessed what happened and therefore have information that could help progress our investigation.

"Was that you? Or perhaps your friend or family member has told you they helped someone who had been assaulted in Rickmansworth on Tuesday night?

"We would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the robbery, its lead up or aftermath.

"Please email me at nicola.stewart@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number C2/18/1306."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
