```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Local residents joined officers from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team to mark the re-opening of a community garden in Buntingford.
publish:
  date: 8 Aug 2019
title: Community garden re-opened in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/community-garden-re-opened-in-buntingford-0607
```

* ### The garden is situated outside the police station.

 * ### It was officially reopened by the High Sheriff of Hertfordshire following a dedication ceremony by the force chaplain.

 * ### Representatives from local organisations attended.

Local residents joined officers from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team to mark the re-opening of a community garden in Buntingford.

The garden, which is maintained by volunteers, is situated outside the police station in Baldock Road and provides a quiet meeting place for members of the local community.

Following a much-needed facelift, completed free of charge by local building company Nationwide Supplies, the garden was officially opened by the High Sheriff of Hertfordshire, Sarah Beazley, following a short dedication ceremony conducted by the force chaplain Caroline Malcom.

Other guests at the event last Wednesday (31 July) included Buntingford's Mayor Cllr Graham Waite, representatives from the district and county councils, members of the church community and representatives from Buntingford Civic Society, which funded the planting.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace said: "The garden is a fantastic community asset and allows people of all ages to take a bit of time out and relax. It's also a great way for local officers to meet members of the community, to say hello and chat with them."I'm really pleased it's been revamped and I'd like to say a big thank you to everyone who helped make it happen."
