```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A free tool marking and vehicle security event is to be held in Sawbridgeworth as part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the local Safer Neighbourhood Team.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2018
title: Free tool marking and vehicle security event
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/free-tool-marking-and-vehicle-security-event-1824A
```

* ### Local officer host crime prevention event in Sawbridgeworth.

 * ### Tool theft has risen across the county.

 * ### Valuables security marked for free.

 * ### Car security expert on hand to give free advice.

A free tool marking and vehicle security event is to be held in Sawbridgeworth as part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the local Safer Neighbourhood Team.

The event, which is taking place on Saturday, April 7, in the Bell Street car park, has been organised in response to a rise in tool thefts across the county and will run from 12 noon to 3pm.

The Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team now has equipment which will allow officers to engrave tools free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves. Officers will also be able to mark possessions with ultraviolet ink pens.

Police Community Support Officer Amanda Higham, who is organising the event said: "Unfortunately we have seen a rise in tool thefts from vehicles in Sawbridgeworth recently. We are working hard to tackle this type of crime and hope that people will take advantage of this free service to help deter would-be thieves.

"Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves and also easier to return if they are stolen and later recovered by police. The service has already proved extremely popular in other areas and we hope to see as many people as possible on the day.

"We also have a vehicle crime expert on hand to give advice on making your vehicle secure and less attractive to thieves and the team will be available to answer any other queries you may have."

Further tool marking events are planned and officers will also continue to make proactive visits to anyone they think may benefit from the service.

If you cannot make the event but would like to get your tools marked, please contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team on 01707 354192 or email
