```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with causing a public nuisance following the closure of the M25 on Tuesday evening (July 31).
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2018
title: Update to M25 incident
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Update-to-M25-incident-0593
```

* ### A man has been charged with causing a public nuisance following the closure of the M25 on Tuesday (July 31).

 * ### The motorway was closed for five hours while officers worked to bring a man to safety from a bridge over the carriageway.

 * ### He was medically assessed by health professionals before being charged with the offence.

A man has been charged with causing a public nuisance following the closure of the M25 on Tuesday evening (July 31).

Dayle Smith, aged 30, of Bingham Close in Hemel Hempstead, is due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today.

Following his arrest on Tuesday he was medically assessed by health professionals before being returned to custody and charged by officers.

Police were called at 4.05pm to reports of concern for the welfare of a man on a bridge over the M25 at London Colney.

The motorway was closed in both directions (between J21A to J22 clockwise and J21 and J23 anti-clockwise) to allow officers to work to bring the man to safety.

Officers on motorbikes filtered through the traffic on the motorway to check on motorists. Highways England Traffic Officers were also in attendance and we drafted in resources from across the county, working with our partners within the Highways England and the County Council along with neighbouring forces.

We worked to turn vehicles around and direct them off the M25, but due to the length of the tailbacks this was a slow process. Those with medical concerns/conditions were prioritised.

The closure also caused congestion on surrounding routes and local roadworks were postponed to prevent the flow of traffic being further hindered.

We appreciate that the situation was frustrating. Our priority was to get the man safely off the bridge and motorists on their way as soon as possible. The motorway was re-opened just after 9.30pm.

We'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for your patience during a challenging evening.
