```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men a have been charged following a robbery which occurred in Hoddesdon. One is also charged in connection with an attempted robbery which occurred in Sawbridgeworth.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2018
title: Charges over incidents in Hoddesdon and Sawbridgeworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Charges-over-incidents-in-Hoddesdon-and-Sawbridgeworth-1571AK
```

Two men a have been charged following a robbery which occurred in Hoddesdon. One is also charged in connection with an attempted robbery which occurred in Sawbridgeworth.

Detectives have been investigating an incident on Friday 8th December at Nationwide Bank in Sawbridgeworth. Between 4.45pm and 4.50pm, an offender went into the branch in Knight Street and allegedly handed a note to the cashier telling her to hand over money. The cashier then ran to a back area of the building society and alerted a colleague. Nothing was taken.

The incident in Hoddesdon occurred at Ladbrokes in Stanstead Road, at around 8.45pm on Saturday, 27th January. At around 8.45pm on Saturday, January 27, cash was stolen from the premises after cashiers were allegedly threatened with weapons. No one was injured during the incident.

Luke Doherty, who is from 23 years old and from Vince Dunn in Harlow, is charged with:

 * Attempted Robbery at the Nationwide Bank, Sawbridgeworth on 8th December
 * Robbery at Ladbrokes, Stanstead Road Hoddesdon on 27th January
 * Possession of imitation firearms with intent to commit an indictable offence in Hoddesdon on 27th January

Luke Daniel, who is 25 years old and from Mead Lane, Hertford, is charged with:

 * Robbery at Ladbrokes, Stanstead Road Hoddesdon on 27th January
 * Possession of an offensive weapon in Hoddesdon on 27th January

Both men have been remanded to appear before Hatfield Remand Court tomorrow (Monday 5th February).
