```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are re-appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following incidents of theft in Berkhamsted and Cuffley."
publish:
  date: 29 May 2019
title: Re-appeal following thefts from building merchants
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Re-appeal-following-thefts-from-building-merchants-Berkhamsted-and-Cuffley-0295
```

* ### Police are re-appealing for the public's help to identify the man pictured

 * ### They'd like to speak to him as part of their enquiries following several thefts in Berkhamsted and Cuffley

 * ### Officers believe the man may have information that can assist the investigation

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Sue Desmond

Police are re-appealing for the public's help to identify a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following incidents of theft in Berkhamsted and Cuffley.

On February 11, an offender entered Travis Perkins in Sopers Road, Cuffley, and stole several hand tools. (Crime reference 41/14009/19)

Between 10.45am and 11am on February 11, an offender entered the Travis Perkins store in Station Road, Berkhamsted, and put a selection of hammers up his jumper before leaving without paying for them. He then returned to the store and did the same again before staff became aware of what he was doing. The offender then left. (Crime reference 41/13735)

An offender entered the same Travis Perkins on eight occasions between 8.45am and 9.05am on January 28 and stole hand and power tools worth more than £2,000. (Crime reference 41/9159/19)

At around 10.15am on January 25, an offender entered Travis Perkins in Cuffley and stole a selection of torches. (Crime reference 41/14002/19)

PC Sue Desmond from the Berkhamsted Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We believe the man pictured may have information that can assist our on-going investigation. However, despite extensive enquiries we have been unable to identify and trace him so I'm appealing once again for the public's help.

"If you recognise him or have any information that could help our enquiries please contact me by emailing susan.desmond@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime reference.

"If you'd prefer to remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
