```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is supporting a national campaign which aims to educate the public on how to spot the signs of child abuse and report them.
publish:
  date: 28 May 2020
title: Constabulary supports national child abuse awareness campaign
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/constabulary-supports-national-child-abuse-awareness-campaign-0167
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary is supporting a national campaign which aims to educate the public on how to spot the signs of child abuse and report them.

The campaign is part of the National Police Chiefs' Council and The Children's Society's prevention programme which is highlighting the importance of looking out for children's welfare during the coronavirus pandemic.

Due to the government's lockdown measures many children and young people will be stuck at home with their abusers but you, the public, can be our eyes and ears.

Follow these three steps to ensure you know how to help if you suspect a child is being abused or exploited:

 * _**KNOW** abuse is taking place. Children and young people who are the victims of abuse in the home will often be told that it's their fault, and that they will be harmed if they tell anyone._
 * _**LOOK** out for the signs: guarded behaviour around certain adults; bruises, burns, bite marks or fractures; appearing anxious, withdrawn or frightened; physical violence or raised voices; using or carrying drugs; visiting the homes of adults unaccompanied or arriving/travelling in different vehicles._
 * __**ACT** on any concerns you may have: stay curious and look beyond the obvious; if something doesn't seem right, it might not be; it's always best to report your concerns even if you're unsure; notify your safeguarding manager if you have one; call the police or the NSPCC.__

Detective Chief Inspector Andrea Dalton, head of Safeguarding Vulnerable Children, said: "If you are visiting the home of a child who is a victim of abuse and exploitation during the lockdown, perhaps as a key worker or a neighbour, you could be their only hope of getting help.

"We are asking you to be our eyes and ears, and if you suspect a child is being abused and exploited, speak up. Please don't get involved yourself but instead make the police, Crimestoppers or the NSPCC aware so the appropriate service can intervene and safeguard the child or children."

To report a concern, you can call police on 101 or use the online reporting form at herts.police.uk/report. If you suspect a child or young person is in immediate danger, always dial 999 and give the call operator as much information as possible

You can also call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit information via their online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

We have a number of dedicated officers, known as the Halo team, who proactively root out those who choose to abuse and exploit children in Hertfordshire.

You can follow them on Twitter @HertsPoliceHalo for informative updates on topics related to the safeguarding of children and young people.
