```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A recent automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) operation across Hatfield and Bushey resulted in two stolen vehicles being recovered.
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2019
title: Stolen vehicles recovered as police conduct ANPR operation in Hatfield and Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stolen-vehicles-recovered-as-police-conduct-anpr-operation-in-hatfield-and-bushey-0516
```

A recent automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) operation across Hatfield and Bushey resulted in two stolen vehicles being recovered.

The operation, on Wednesday 3 July, saw more than eighty vehicles stopped at the Oldings Corner weighbridge in Hatfield and in the Costco car park, close to the A41 in Bushey.

Two stolen vehicles were recovered, with another two vehicles seized for being uninsured.

Seven drivers were issued with Traffic Offence Reports (resulting in points on their licence) for the following traffic offences:

 * Driving whilst using a mobile phone x1
 * Driving without an MOT x1
 * Number plate offence x1
 * Driving with no insurance x2
 * Seatbelt offence x1

A 60 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of non-payment of fines after being identified as wanted.

Inspector Paul Martin said: "The aim of this operation was to tackle travelling criminality and I am pleased with the results. We will continue to carry out operations like these to ensure that Hertfordshire is a safe place to live and work.

"This operation forms just one part of our ongoing work to detect, disrupt and deter criminals who use the road networks to carry out their offending.

"We tried to minimise the disruption caused to innocent motorists and we're grateful for their understanding. I hope they agree that this type of proactive operation is worthwhile."
