```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of a man they wish to speak with following the assault of a police officer.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2018
title: CCTV released following assault of police officer in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-released-following-assault-of-police-officer-in-watford-2257c
```

* **At around 12.15am on Wednesday, October 31 a police officer was assaulted at Watford Junction Station.**

 * The officer was responding to a separate report of an assault when he was pushed to the ground.

 * Police would like to speak to the man pictured, if you recognise him please contact the non-emergency number 101.

Police are releasing images of a man they wish to speak with following the assault of a police officer.

The incident occurred at around 12.15am on Wednesday, October 31 at Watford Junction Station when officers were responding to a report of an assault at the station.

On arrival, an officer asked a man to move on while they dealt with the report.

The man refused and eventually pushed the police officer to the ground during the resulting incident.

The man then ran off in the direction of The Flag public house.

Luckily the police officer did not sustain any injuries.

Investigating Officer Sergeant Dean Board said: "Police officers along with other emergency services workers are here to help. It is very poor when they are assaulted while simply doing their job protecting the public. This is why there has been a recent change in legislation relating to this type of offence.

"We have carried out significant enquiries since this assault took place and are now asking the public for their help.

"Anyone who recognises this man or anyone who has any information, please contact me via the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/51440/18 or report information online."

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
