```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of Tony Godfrey have paid tribute to a \u2018loving family man\u2019 after he passed away following a collision in Rickmansworth."
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2018
title: Tribute to Tony Godfrey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-tony-godfrey-0587C
```

* ### The family of Tony Godfrey, who passed away following a collision in Rickmansworth, have paid tribute to a 'loving family man'.

 * ### The 88-year-old leaves his wife, their four children and eight grandchildren.

 * ### They remember is sense of humour, as well as his love of jazz music and Queens Park Rangers.

The family of Tony Godfrey have paid tribute to a 'loving family man' after he passed away following a collision in Rickmansworth.

Mr Godfrey, aged 88, was airlifted to St Georges Hospital in London for treatment following the collision on Park Road just before 1.45pm on Tuesday, July 24.

Sadly the father-of-four passed away the following day.

He leaves his loving wife Andree, their children Neil, Lisa, Clare and Kelly, and eight grandchildren.

Mr Godfrey, who was born in Edgware in 1930, began courting his future wife after they met at a pub in Kenton.

Andree said: "He was always whistling and he always had a joke ready. He had a nice singing voice too. He loved jazz music, especially Ella Fitzgerald and Dianne Krall."

The pair were married in Edgware in 1963 before they moved to Croxley Green to bring up their family.

Their eldest child Neil shared a love of football with his father, and would regularly go and see their favourite team Queens Park Rangers play.

Mr Godfrey worked as a sales rep for the majority of his life, before taking jobs at Tesco and a taxi company respectively.

His final job was as a school escort for children with disabilities, which involved him helping the children on and off of their school bus.

His family said that he loved this job as he enjoyed having a laugh and joke with the children.

The family said: "He was a loving family man who will be very sadly missed by us all."

Mr Godfrey's family now ask that they are left in peace to mourn their loss

Tribute to Tony Godfrey
