```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses to a serious targeted assault that happened last night (Monday January 13) in Cotlandswick in London Colney.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2020
title: Man left with serious injuries in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-left-with-serious-injuries-in-london-colney-1275f
```

* ## Do you have any information about a serious assault that happened in Cotlandswick last night?

 * ## A man received serious, but not life threatening, injuries.

 * ## It is believed to be a targeted and isolated incident between parties known to each other.

Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses to a serious targeted assault that happened last night (Monday January 13) in Cotlandswick in London Colney.

A man aged 20 received serious injuries including stab wounds to his body and injuries to his arm, finger and face after being assaulted by at least two people at around 6.35pm.

Detective Sergeant Jon Green said: "We know there were other people involved, who were carrying weapons. However, this was a targeted assault and we believe the victim knew his assailants. We have spoken to a number of witnesses already but if you were in the area or have any further information or know who the offenders are, we would like to hear from you. The victim has received a number of serious injuries and we need as much information as possible to catch the people responsible."

Just prior to the assault, the windows and windscreen of a vehicle were smashed nearby, the two incidents are being linked.

The man remains in hospital with multiple serious injuries but they are not thought to be life threatening.

St Albans district Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman added: "We believe this was an isolated incident between parties known to each other. We understand that this will have caused concern within the community and my officers are available to speak to concerned residents."

Anyone with information about the assault is asked to contact police. You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/3799/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online."
