```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following an assault in Berkhamsted High Street.
publish:
  date: 16 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following assault in Berkhamsted High Street
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-berkhamsted-high-street-0219d
```

* ## Police were called at 11.57pm on Saturday (13 June) to reports of an assault in the High Street outside Domino's Pizza takeaway.

 * ## Officers attended the scene and found a man who had sustained an alleged stab wound to his abdomen.

 * ## If you can help, contact DC Peter Spiers by calling 101 or emailing peter.spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following an assault in Berkhamsted High Street.

Police were called at 11.57pm on Saturday (13 June) to reports of an assault in the High Street outside Domino's Pizza takeaway.

Officers attended the scene and found a man who had sustained an alleged stab wound to his abdomen. He was taken to hospital and remains in a stable condition. His injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.

The offenders - described as three males wearing balaclavas - are believed to have exited a vehicle, possibly a white Mercedes, before assaulting the victim. Officers conducted a thorough search of the area but they remain outstanding at this time.

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "I understand this news will be alarming to residents and I want to reassure you that we are doing all we can to trace those responsible. If you saw what happened or have any information about the incident, please get in touch.

"I am particularly interested in hearing from anyone who might have caught the incident on dashcam footage. If you were driving along the High Street either to or from the Northchurch area between 11.30pm and midnight, please check your dashcam and contact us if you think you recorded anything that might be useful to the investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/46207/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
