```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents across Hertfordshire are being reminded to remain vigilant when using internet selling sites.
publish:
  date: 27 Dec 2018
title: Reminder to remain vigilant when using selling sites
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/reminder-to-remain-vigilant-when-using-selling-sites-2291d
```

* ### A man was recently targeted by bogus buyers in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### Similar offences have been reported in recent months.

 * ### People are being urged to remain vigilant when meeting potential buyers.

Residents across Hertfordshire are being reminded to remain vigilant when using internet selling sites.

The warning comes following a recent incident in Hemel Hempstead where a man was tricked by bogus buyers who had offered an unusually large sum for a mobile phone he was advertising for sale.

The victim arranged to meet the men, who then stole the phone and ran off without paying.

Similar offences have been reported to police over the past few months.

Detective Constable Chris Phillips, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "At this time of year there tends to be increased activity on internet selling sites. Whilst we would not want to discourage people from using such sites, we would always urge people to exercise caution when doing so, especially in circumstances where payment has not been made in advance.

"Make sure you look at the buyer's profile to check their history and that they have genuine details. If you are arranging to meet someone to sell or buy an item, always meet in a busy public place covered by CCTV, and take someone else with you if possible.

"It's also worth being wary of people who offer to pay over the odds for an item. Many people use these sites to buy goods at a reduced price so, if an offer sounds too good to be true, it usually is.

"If you have any suspicions or concerns about the person you are dealing with, walk away."

If you believe you have been targeted in similar circumstances or think you may know who is committing crime in this way, please report it to police via the non-emergency number 101 or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
