```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "As part of the Constabulary\u2019s week of action against vehicle crime, officers form the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Teams will be out and about targeting those suspected of being involved in motor vehicle crime and helping local residents keep their vehicles secure."
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2018
title: Stevenage vehicle crime week of action
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stevenage-vehicle-crime-week-of-action-2177E
```

* ### Stevenage Neighbourhood officers take part in countywide vehicle crime week of action.

 * ### Officers visiting hot spot areas to share advice and information to members of the public.

 * ### Those suspected of being involved in vehicle crime targeted.

As part of the Constabulary's week of action against vehicle crime, officers form the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Teams will be out and about targeting those suspected of being involved in motor vehicle crime and helping local residents keep their vehicles secure.

The officers will be focussing their activities around known vehicle crime areas and aim to raise awareness of this type of crime to help local residents protect themselves from becoming a victim.

They will also be encouraging residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch to receive regular police updates about crime in their area, police events and timely advice.

Sergeant Martin May said: "We regularly see spikes in people reporting break-ins to vehicles in residential roads, as well as our regular hot spot areas, which include public car parks.

"The week of action will give us a chance to share some crime prevention advice and meet with local residents to help them improve their vehicle security. Many of the thefts from vehicles occur because people have not locked them when they leave them unattended."

The teams will be available at the following locations:

Tuesday 4th December 12 noon - 2pm Roaring Meg Retail Park car park. 1pm - 3pm Pin Green

Wednesday 5th December 7pm - 9pm Valley Park Football Ground car park

Thursday 6th December 8.30am - 10.30pm B&Q

Friday 7th December 1pm - 3pm St Nicholas shops

Local residents are reminded to:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Don't leave keys lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If your vehicle has a keyless entry system ensure you place the vehicle tablet key in your home address, as far away from the vehicle as possible, ideally place the key in a metal box.

To find out how to keep you vehicle secure follow @HertsPoliceCR on Twitter and visit.
