```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a rape which occurred in St Albans are releasing a facial reconstruction of a man they would like to speak to in connection with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2018
title: "Police release image in connection with rape investigation \u2013 St Albans"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-release-image-in-connection-with-rape-investigation\u2013stalbans-1685F"
```

* Detectives are releasing an e-fit of a man they'd like to speak to following a rape in St Albans.
 * ### The offence, which has recently been reported to police, occurred in an alleyway that runs between Breakspear Avenue and Vanda Crescent on Thursday, November 23.

 * ### The victim is being supported by specialist officers from the Sexual Offences Investigation Team.

 * ### Anyone with information that could help the police investigation is asked to contact officers.

Detectives investigating a rape which occurred in St Albans are releasing a facial reconstruction of a man they would like to speak to in connection with their investigation.

The incident, which has recently been reported to police, occurred in an alleyway which runs between Breakspear Avenue and Vanda Crescent at around 7.30pm on Thursday, November 23 2017.

The victim was walking from the train station along the alleyway, when she was approached by a man. He struck her to the back a number of times and then raped her.

The offender is described as a man of Afro-Caribbean mixed race, between 6ft and 6ft 2ins tall and of a muscular build. He was said to have dark or black hair with dark stubble. He was wearing a hooded jumper, with the hood pulled right down over his eyes, black jeans and black trainers.

Detective Constable David Herring from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team said: "The victim has been incredibly brave in coming forward and reporting this very traumatic experience to police and we are providing her with the necessary specialist support.

"With her help we have produced this facial reconstruction of the suspect, which we are releasing to help the investigation. I'd urge anyone who may recognise this face or the description of the man given, to contact police immediately.

"I'd reassure people that this is the only incident of this nature reported to police in St Albans. I would ask anyone who may have witnessed someone matching his description acting suspiciously in the area that night to also make contact with police."

If you can identify this man or have information about the incident, please contact DC David Herring via email david.herring@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference F1/18/359 or through calling the Herts Police non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email or visit.
