```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Watford \u2018stepped up\u2019 their community engagement when they attended a Hertfordshire Health Walks event."
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: Officers walk and talk with Watford residents
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Officers-walk-and-talk-with-Watford-residents-1140C
```

* #### Local officers attended a Hertfordshire Health Walks event in Watford.

 * #### They gave crime prevention advice on a range of topics.

 * #### People were also able to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch.

Officers from Watford 'stepped up' their community engagement when they attended a Hertfordshire Health Walks event.

PCSOs from the Safer Neighbourhood Team and representatives from Neighbourhood Watch joined 88 people for a stroll around Cassiobury Park, led by walk leader Jacky Fitzgerald.

They then spent time chatting to older members of the group over coffee about keeping safe - giving advice on pickpocketing, scams and how to stay safe in the home.

Those who attended were also encouraged to sign up to OWL (Online Watch Link), a free service which allows people to receive messages about crimes and incidents in their local area, as well as associated advice. Find out more at www.owl.co.uk

PCSO Sandra Smith said: "We're always trying to think of new and interesting ways that we can meet and engage with members of our community. This event proved a great success and it was lovely to join in with the walkers in the autumn sunshine.

Neighbourhood Watch Liaison Officer Philip Waine said: "It was great to have the opportunity to chat to lots of people and sign some new members up to OWL. I look forward to attending another event soon."

Watford walking event Watford walking event
