```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Letchworth are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2019
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-letchworth-860
```

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Letchworth are appealing for witnesses and information.

The burglary happened in Dunlin at around 2pm on Saturday 6 October.

A group of men forced entry to a property, one carrying a hammer. The victims, a woman and two children were the only occupants inside the house at the time. The offenders threatened the woman and searched the house taking some valuables. The victims were unharmed.

They got into a small blue estate vehicle and drove off in the direction of Hitchin. The vehicle was later stopped in Arlesey, Bedfordshire and a 42 year old man from Arlesey was arrested on suspicion of burglary. Another man also in the vehicle escaped on foot.

Detective Sergeant Will Ainsworth, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully none of the victims were harmed during this ordeal, but they remain very shaken and are being supported by specialist officers.

"We are following a number of lines of enquiry however we would like to hear from anyone who has information that may assist in our investigation."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Ainsworth on william.ainsworth@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at: herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/90217/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at: crimestoppers-uk.org.
