```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Tring has been sentenced to 14 months in prison after downloading indecent images of children.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2019
title: Man from Tring sentenced for downloading indecent images of children
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-from-tring-sentenced-for-downloading-indecent-images-of-children-0459d
```

* ### Simon James, age 41, of Frogmore Street, Tring, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 5 July.

 * ### He had pleaded guilty to three charges of downloading indecent images as well as breaching a sexual harm prevention order.

 * ### In addition to the prison sentence, James has been put on the sex offenders register for another 10 years and must abide by a sexual harm prevention order.

A man from Tring has been sentenced to 14 months in prison after downloading indecent images of children.

Simon James, age 41, of Frogmore Street, Tring, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 5 July. At St Albans Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 14 May, he had pleaded guilty to three charges of downloading indecent images between March 2018 and October 2018, as well as breaching a sexual harm prevention order.

On 29 October 2018, officers attended James's address as part of his conditions of a sexual harm prevention order that he had been served in March 2017. He had been convicted of three counts of downloading indecent images or pseudo images of children, two counts of possession of an indecent images of children and two counts of possession of extreme pornography.

Following his conviction in March 2017, he was placed on the sex offenders register for 10 years and subject to a sexual harm prevention order for five years.

The court heard that as officers arrived at James's address in October of last year, he was reluctant to let them in. Another resident opened a communal door before James decided to invite the officers in.

James handed over his mobile phone as part of his sexual harm prevention order and officers were concerned by sexually explicit messages they found on there.

The phone was subsequently seized and upon closer examination, a number of indecent images were found. In total, the phone was found to have two images at Category A, three images at Category B and six images at Category C.

A list of search terms were also found on the phone including 'child nude' and 'preteen girls nude'.

James was arrested on 16 January 2019.

Management of Sexual and Violent Offenders Officer Annabelle Springall, from the Public Protection Unit, said: "Children in indecent photographs suffer from unimaginable abuse and subsequently James's actions were creating a demand for this abuse.

"In addition to the prison sentence, James has been put on the sex offenders register for another 10 years and he must abide by the terms of a sexual harm prevention order.

"I hope this sentence reassures the public that we will do all we can to stop people like James from acting on their disturbing urges."
