```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A member of a gang that supplied drugs in Hertfordshire has been jailed for 54 months following an investigation into an organised crime group.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2019
title: Drug gang member jailed for four years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-gang-member-jailed-for-four-years-1183all
```

* ### Ashley Haw, 31, jailed for 54 months for drug offences

 * ### Haw was part of a gang supplying drugs across Hertfordshire

 * ### Four other gang members were previously jailed for a total of 44 years

A member of a gang that supplied drugs in Hertfordshire has been jailed for 54 months following an investigation into an organised crime group.

Ashley Haw, aged 31, from Church Road, High Wycombe was the fifth member of the gang to be sentenced, after pleading guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine) at Harrow Crown Court on 16 December.

Haw was arrested whilst driving through Chorleywood on the 26 October 2018. The Kangoo van he was driving was fitted with a secret compartment in which officers discovered 1.25 kilograms of cocaine. Haw was also in possession of three mobile phones, including one that was encrypted.

Four other members of the gang had previously been jailed for their part in the conspiracy to supply drugs in Hertfordshire and across bordering counties*.

Detective Chief Inspector Tracy Pemberton from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit said: "This conviction sees the conclusion of a long running investigation into one of the major drug supply networks across Hertfordshire. We have managed to totally dismantle this organised crime group, which has been involved not only in drug dealing but also violent crime. Its members, who have been sentenced to a total of more than 40 years in prison, will no longer pose a threat to the community. We will now apply to recover funds from bank accounts controlled by this gang under the Proceeds of Crime Act to ensure that they do not profit further from their crimes.

"Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

Suspected drugs crime can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you or someone you know has a drugs problem they can get help by contacting FRANK on 0800 77 66 00 or visit www.talktofrank.com.
