```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 33 year old man from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of attempted armed robbery in connection with an incident that took place at around 8.50pm on Saturday, April 13, at Ladbrokes in The Glebe.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2019
title: Man arrested in connection with attempted armed robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-in-connection-with-attempted-armed-robbery-0129e
```

* ### 33 year old Stevenage man arrested in connection with attempted robbery in Ladbrokes.

 * ### Imitation firearm recovered nearby.

 * ### Detectives appeal for anyone with information to come forward.

A 33 year old man from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of attempted armed robbery in connection with an incident that took place at around 8.50pm on Saturday, April 13, at Ladbrokes in The Glebe.

He was arrested on Thursday, April 18 and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Police were called to The Glebe following reports that a man had entered the betting shop, holding what was believed to have been a handgun. A member of staff was inside the store at the time and fled the scene. He was unhurt during the incident.

Nothing was taken from the shop and an imitation firearm was later recovered nearby.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who has not already spoken to police and has information which could help the investigation, to get in touch.

If you were in the area at the time and witnessed the attempted robbery or saw the suspect or any suspicious activity around the time, please contact Detective Sergeant Ben Dixon on 101 quoting crime reference 41/33754/19.

Alternatively, if you wish to remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.
