```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Three Rivers are continuing to take action against those suspected of being involved in drug dealing and associated criminality.
publish:
  date: 29 Jun 2018
title: Tackling drug activity in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Tackling-drug-activity-in-South-Oxhey-0448
```

* ## Six drugs warrants conducted in South Oxhey

 * ## Three arrested made and suspected class A and B drugs seized

 * ## Closure orders applied to three properties

Police in Three Rivers are continuing to take action against those suspected of being involved in drug dealing and associated criminality.

Since June 1, six warrants have been executed at addresses across the South Oxhey area with three arrests being made and a quantity of suspected class A and B drugs being seized.

Following the warrants, Closure Orders on three properties have now been successfully applied for.

The Constabulary worked in partnership with Three Rivers District Council, Thrive Homes and Home Group to gather evidence in support of the orders, which were granted by magistrates' and prevent anyone from entering the properties for three months. Anyone who breaches the order can be arrested.

Neighbourhood Chief Inspector Nick Lillitou said: "This operation is a great example of how working closely with partner agencies can bring success. Drug activity and associated criminality has a severely detrimental impact on those living nearby and will not be tolerated.

"This operation is just the beginning and we will continue to work alongside our local partners to seek out those involved in crime across Three Rivers and bring them to justice."

He added: "I would like to thank the local community for their support throughout this operation. It is absolutely vital that the public continue to work with us, by reporting any suspicious or criminal activity so that we can build up an intelligence picture and take appropriate action. If you have information about crime or anti-social behaviour in your neighbourhood you can report it online via the Constabulary's website, or call the non-emergency number 101."

Cllr Roger Seabourne, Lead Member for Community Safety said: "Three Rivers District Council is committed to taking action against anti-social behaviour and drugs by working in partnership with the community, the police and housing providers. These closure orders demonstrate the determination of our Community Safety Partnership to protect our communities."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
