```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Hoddesdon.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2018
title: Appeal following indecent exposure in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-Hoddesdon-1714K
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Hoddesdon.

 * ### The incident happened at around 10.45pm on Thursday, February 22 in Pound Park on Rye Road.

 * ### Anyone who can help should contact PC Aaron Golley on aaron.golley@herts.pnn.police.uk or 101, quoting crime reference K1/18/478.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Hoddesdon.

The incident happened at around 10.45pm on Thursday, February 22 in Pound Park on Rye Road.

The victim - a 33 year old woman, was walking along Burford Street when she noticed a man behind her. As she stopped at the crossing on Dinant Link Road, the man crossed the road and walked down Burford Street towards Stanstead Road. The victim then entered Pound Park and she noticed the same man behind her, near to the community hall within the park.

The man then asked her for a cigarette and when she turned around he had exposed himself to her.

He then left the park, exiting either by Stanstead Road or Essex Road.

The offender is described as white, in his mid-twenties, around 5ft 4in tall, of stocky build, with untidy dark brown short hair with a fringe and a dark brown full beard. He spoke with a local/North London accent and was wearing a black bomber style coat, a dark blue checked shirt, dark blue jeans and dark coloured shoes.

PC Aaron Golley, who is investigating, said: "This was a distressing incident which left the victim understandably upset. Police treat these types of offences extremely seriously and I would like to reassure residents that we are doing all we can to trace this offender.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have seen this man either in the park or Burford Street, Stanstead Road or Essex Road around the time of the offence to get in touch with me.

"Similarly, if you have CCTV that might have captured this man within the area on this night, please do get in contact."

Anyone with information should contact PC Golley or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K1/18/478. You can also report information online .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
