```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police from Hatfield\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Team security marked more than 120 bikes in the space of three hours on Saturday (April 13)."
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2019
title: More than 120 bikes marked in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/More-than-120-bikes-marked-in-Hatfield-0088
```

* ### Officers security marked 90 pedal bikes in just three hours

 * ### Security marking makes cycles less likely to be stolen

 * ### Remember not to leave your cycle unlocked even for a minute

Police from Hatfield's Safer Neighbourhood Team security marked more than 120 bikes in the space of three hours on Saturday (April 13).

Officers were stationed in the town centre, from 12noon to 3pm, giving crime prevention advice to passers-by, and marked up:

 * 90 pedal cycles;
 * 17 scooters;
 * 3 mobility scooters; and
 * 1 moped.

PCSO Sarah Kinney, from Hatfield's Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We had such a great turn-out and as well as marking up more than 100 cycles and scooters, we gave out plenty of crime prevention advice, too. There are lots of steps you can take to help prevent your bike from being stolen, starting with never leaving your bike unlocked, even if it's only for a minute."

She added: "Please also remember not to cycle on pavements or in pedestrian zones."

Other anti-theft tips include:

 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen or contact your local cycle shop, as most will mark them for a small cost. You can contact us for advice on other property marking initiatives available.
 * Register your bike on www.immobilise.com, a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.
 * Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into the newsagents.
 * The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.
 * Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike.
