```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from St Albans has pleaded guilty to a total of 11 offences including theft from motor vehicles, vehicle interference and drug possession.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021
title: Man pleads guilty to theft from motor vehicles in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-pleads-guilty-to-theft-from-motor-vehicles-in-st-albans-1115f
```

* ## Man pleads guilty to interfering with vehicles and theft in St Albans.

 * ## He is also charged with drug offences, driving offences and fraud.

 * ## Keep your belongings out of sight and securely lock your vehicle.

A man from St Albans has pleaded guilty to a total of 11 offences including theft from motor vehicles, vehicle interference and drug possession.

Daniel Frame, aged 40, of Church Crescent, admitted four charges of interference with a motor vehicle in St Albans on 5 January 2021 (Citroen Picasso) and three on Thursday 19 November 2020 (Ford S Max, a Volkswagen and a Mini Cooper).

He was also charged with two thefts from a motor vehicle - a purse containing £5 on Wednesday 18 November 2020 and a bag containing a wallet and £20 in cash and cards in Watford on Sunday 29 November 2020.

In addition, he was charged with possession of a class B drug (cannabis/cannabis resin) and possession of a Class A drug on Monday 30 November 2020.

He was also charged with fraud by false representation after using a card belonging to another person to purchase goods on Thursday 19 November 2020. Lastly, he was also charged with driving a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a licence and using it without any insurance on 10 January 2021.

He has been released on bail with a conditional curfew between 7pm and 7am daily, which will be electronically monitored. His case will be heard at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Tuesday 2 March 2021.

St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "Please keep your belongings out of sight and securely lock your vehicle - opportunist thieves rarely break windows. Together, we can significantly reduce thefts from motor vehicles across the district."
