```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating the theft of a vehicle in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2020
title: "Vehicle stolen in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vehicle-stolen-in-bishops-stortford-0436a
```

* ## The vehicle was stolen from the St Michael's Mead estate.

 * ## It may have been in convoy with a similar vehicle.

 * ## Please review any dash cam footage and contact police with any information.

Police investigating the theft of a vehicle in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

A black Vauxhall Insignia - registration ending ZFC - was stolen from outside an address in the St Michael's Mead estate, at around 9pm on Wednesday 15 July.

PCSO Adam Pemberton said: "We have been making several enquiries to trace the vehicle since it was taken but it remains outstanding at this time.

"We are now appealing for anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area around the time to please come forward. We'd be especially keen to hear from anyone who may have captured any dash cam or doorbell cam footage of the vehicle being driven away from the area. There is a possibility it may have been travelling in convoy with another Vauxhall Insignia."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/56069/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

For information on how to keep your vehicle more secure visit.

**

**
