```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of indecent exposure in Ware.
publish:
  date: 3 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following indecent exposure in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-ware-0181
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of indecent exposure in Ware.

 * ### A man approached a woman in Collett Road, and made inappropriate comments towards her before exposing himself.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and CCTV footage.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of indecent exposure in Ware.

On Thursday 28 May, between 2.30pm and 2.45pm, the victim was walking down Collett Road when an unknown man approached her.

He made inappropriate comments towards her before exposing himself.

The man was described as white and around 5ft 8ins tall, with a slim face and blue eyes.

He was said to be wearing a grey zip-up hoodie, with the hood up, and a white T-shirt underneath.

PC Abigail Chalkright, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, this was a really distressing incident for the victim, and I would like to reassure her and the local community that we are doing all we can to identify the person responsible.

"If you were in the area at the time, and saw a man matching the description nearby or acting suspiciously, please get in contact as soon as possible. If you live in Collett Road and have a CCTV system installed, please review your footage and send anything that you think could be of interest to me. Any information, even something that may seem insignificant, could be key to the investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Chalkright directly via email at abigail.chalkright@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/41633/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
