```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Dacorum\u2019s first Mini Police students have been presented with certificates after successfully completing the programme."
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2018
title: Hemel Hempstead pupils complete Mini Police scheme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hemel-hempstead-pupils-complete-mini-police-scheme-2175D
```

* ### Children from Maple Grove primary have been taking part in the programme.

 * ### They have learnt about a number of topics over the past eight weeks.

 * ### They were presented with certificates by the local Chief Inspector.

Dacorum's first Mini Police students have been presented with certificates after successfully completing the programme.

Over the past eight weeks children from Maple Grove primary school in Grovehill, Hemel Hempstead, have been taking part in the scheme, which aims to promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

They have covered a variety of topics including road safety, staying safe online and anti-social behaviour.

On Friday (November 30), the pupils attended Hemel Hempstead Fire Station for their final session.

During the visit, colleagues from Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service put them through their paces with exercises and team building challenges.

They were then presented with their certificated by Dacorum's Chief Inspector, Paul Mitson.

Mini Police lead, PCSO Daniel McManus, said: "This was the first Mini Police scheme to launch in Dacorum and it's been a fantastic eight weeks. The children have learnt a broad range of skills and we hope that they will be able to use these while out in the community.

"I'd like to say a big thank you to our colleagues at the fire service and to SMH vehicle rental in Hemel, who supplied transport to and from the school on the day."

Dacorum's next Mini Police scheme will start at another school in the New Year.

Any schools who would like to take part can register their interest by emailing.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at a school in Harpenden back in April. Following its success, the scheme is now being rolled out across the county, thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.
