```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Operation Scorpion and Operational Support Group officers executed a drugs warrant at a flat in Clarence Road in St Albans at 7.30am this morning.
publish:
  date: 2 Apr 2019
title: Drugs warrant executed in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-warrant-executed-in-st-albans-md0006
```

* **Operation Scorpion and Operational Support Group officers executed a drugs warrant at a flat in St Albans this morning.**
 * **A man aged 20 of no fixed abode was arrested and quantities of drugs have been seized.**
 * **The warrant was carried out with support from St Albans City and District Council in response to concerns from residents about suspected drug use in the Clarence Road area.**

Operation Scorpion and Operational Support Group officers executed a drugs warrant at a flat in Clarence Road in St Albans at 7.30am this morning.

A man aged 20 of no fixed abode was arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A and class B drug with intent to supply. He is currently in police custody.

Quantities of Class A and Class B drugs have been seized.

The warrant was carried out with support from St Albans City and District Council in response to concerns from residents about suspected drug use in the Clarence Road area.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick said: "We have a zero tolerance to drugs in the St Albans district. No-one should have to live near someone involved in the supply of drugs as it can have a negative impact on people's lives. Those dependant on drugs are often also involved in acquisitive crime, like burglaries and car crime, to feed their habits, so it is really important for residents to let us know when they see people calling at an address at unusual times of the day or night, can smell cannabis or suspect that drugs are being supplied. We cannot always respond straight away as we may need to source further information to apply to the court for a warrant, but please be reassured we will listen, investigate and act on the information you give us."

If you are concerned about drug use in St Albans or have information, you can report this online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or by contacting police on 101.
