```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged incident of assault in Watford town centre.
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2018
title: Appeal following assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-watford-1828C
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged incident of assault in Watford town centre.

At around 1.10am on Saturday, September 22, there was a physical altercation involving a number of men inside McDonalds in The Parade, High Street. A 27 year old man was allegedly punched in the head several times.

PC Paul Saunders, who is investigating, said: "The victim suffered bruising and small cuts to his face but will thankfully make a full recovery. We believe there may be a second male victim who we have not yet been able to identify. I'd like to appeal for that person to make contact with me.

"I'm also keen to speak to anyone who was in the area around the time stated and witnessed the incident, as you may have information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Saunders by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/39240/18, or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 19 year old man from Reading, who was arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and affray in connection with the investigation, has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
