```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three people were arrested after a Section 35 order was put in place in Borehamwood on Thursday 12 September, following reports of anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2019
title: Three arrests following section 35 order in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrests-following-section-35-order-in-borehamwood-0776j
```

* ### The order centred around the Leeming Road area.

 * ### This comes following reports of anti-social behaviour in the area.

 * ### Three people were arrested and have since been released under investigation.

Three people were arrested after a Section 35 order was put in place in Borehamwood on Thursday 12 September, following reports of anti-social behaviour.

Section 35 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act (2014) allows police officers to dispense individuals in order to remove or reduce the likelihood of members of the public becoming harassed, alarmed or distressed, or to prevent the occurrence of crime or disorder.

The order ran from 4pm to 6am, centring on Leeming Road and the area bordered by:

 * Borehamwood railway station
 * Allum Lane
 * Shenley Road
 * Theobald Street up to Rossington Avenue
 * Green Street up to Kitwells Lodge

Ten people were stopped and searched while the order was in place, leading to three arrests:

 * A 18-year-old boy from Borehamwood was arrested on suspicion of supplying controlled substances
 * A 54-year-old man from Borehamwood was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B drugs with intent to supply
 * A 52-year-old man from Borehamwood was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B drugs with intent to supply

All three have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Mark Bilsdon said: "These measures were taken in response to reports of suspected criminal activity taking place in certain parts of the town.

"We are pleased with the results from last week, however our work does not stop here. We will have heightened police patrols in the area, both overt and covert, and will continue to work with our local partners to find long-term solutions to the issues."

If you have any concerns about crime or anti-social behaviour in your local area you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
