```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to two years in prison after being found guilty of burglary.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2019
title: Man sentenced to 2 years for burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-2-years-for-burglary-0847
```

* ### Scott Walsh-Fleming appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 24 September.

 * ### He stole a car and a handbag from a property in Oxhey Avenue.

 * ### He was sentenced to 2 years in prison.

A South Oxhey man has been sentenced to two years in prison after being found guilty of burglary.

Scott Walsh-Fleming, aged 35, of no fixed address, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 24 September. In total, he had 18 convictions for 42 offences.

Walsh-Fleming broke into a home in Oxhey Avenue, Watford, in the early morning of Sunday 30 September 2018.

He stole the victim's new Mazda car, as well as a designer handbag. The victim said that the handbag was of sentimental value to her, as it was a gift from her daughter, and that she suffered a loss of £1,500 when the car insurer paid out.

The vehicle was later recovered by Metropolitan police in Greenford on Tuesday 13 November. The registration plates had been altered using black tape.

PC Daniel Card, who investigated the case, said: "My team and I are delighted with the outcome of this sentencing. I hope that the result sends out a clear warning to anyone else who considers committing such crimes, that you will be robustly dealt with when we catch you and could face a prison sentence.

"Burglary is a serious violation of privacy and can have long-lasting, far-reaching effects. Walsh-Fleming's despicable behaviour left his victims feeling unsettled and unsafe in their own homes.

"I hope he uses his prison term to seriously reflect on his actions and think about the impact he has had on the innocent people he stole from."
