```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Watford this morning (Friday 21 August).
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2020
title: Appeal following serious collision in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-watford-0529
```

* ### Police were called at 9.53am this morning (Friday 21 August) to reports of a collision involving a red Peugeot 307 and a pedestrian in First Avenue, Watford.

 * ### The pedestrian - a four year old boy - was taken to hospital with a serious injury to his abdomen.

 * ### Witnesses and anyone with information or dash cam footage should call 101 or email Sergeant Simon Cooper at simon.cooper@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Watford this morning (Friday 21 August).

Police were called at 9.53am to reports of a collision involving a red Peugeot 307 and a pedestrian in First Avenue, Watford.

Officers attended, alongside the ambulance service, and the pedestrian - a four year old boy - was taken to hospital with a serious injury to his abdomen.

Officers remain at the scene and the road has been closed at the junction with St Albans Road. Motorists are advised to avoid the area and seek an alternative route.

Sergeant Simon Cooper, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are still establishing the circumstances of this collision which has left a small child very badly injured.

"Were you in the area? Did you see what happened? Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"I would also like to urge anyone who was in the area and has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle to please check it. You may have captured something useful so please do have a look and let me know if you think it could be of use to our investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at simon.cooper@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting ISR 239 of 21 August."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
