```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following road rage assault in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-road-rage-assault-in-hemel-hempstead-0303D
```

* ### A man was assaulted following a road rage incident in London Road, Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### He suffered a broken collar bone, which required surgery, and a laceration to the back of his head.

 * ### The offender is described as a black man, aged in his 30s, around 5ft 10in tall and of slim to medium build.

 * ### Anyone who witnessed the altercation or the subsequent assault is asked to contact police.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Hemel Hempstead.

Between 10.15am and 11am on Sunday, May 27, the victim - a man aged in his 40s - was involved in a verbal altercation at the traffic lights on London Road, near McDonalds.

The offender, who was travelling in a small black hatchback car, then followed the victim in his red Ford Transit van. Both vehicles came to a stop in London Road between the junctions with Two Waters Road and Station Road and the motorists got out.

The victim was then assaulted and suffered a broken collar bone, a laceration to the back of his head and a broken toe.

PC Natalie Williams, who is investigating, said: "This was a violent attack, which left the victim requiring hospital treatment and surgery to repair his broken collar bone.

"The offender is described as a black man, around 5ft 10in tall, of slim to medium build and aged in his 30s.

"I'm appealing for anyone who saw the incident or has information that could help us identify the offender to get in touch.

"I'd also like to hear from any motorists who were in the area at the time and may have captured dash cam footage of the altercation at the traffic lights or the assault."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Williams by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/1513/18 or report information online.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."
