```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Seven officers and two members of staff were recognised for their outstanding contribution to policing the St Albans district by St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates this week.
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2019
title: Police officers and staff commended for going the extra mile in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officers-and-staff-commended-for-going-the-extra-mile-in-st-albans-0427f
```

* ### Seven officers and two members of staff were recognised for their outstanding contribution to policing the St Albans district by St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates this week.

 * ### Detective Sergeant Jon Green from the Local Crime Unit was given the top award by the Very Reverend Dr Jeffrey John for his hard work, commitment and professionalism.

 * ### A council colleague and volunteer were also recognised for their invaluable contributions to helping to reduce crime and improve community safety across the district.

Seven officers and two members of staff were recognised for their outstanding contribution to policing the St Albans district by St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates this week.

"These officers and staff have all gone the extra mile to give the best service to residents across the St Albans district," said CI Coates. "Not only have they worked hard, but they have also shown great leadership, responsibility and professionalism. I felt very proud to recognise their individual contributions and I'm very proud to lead such a dedicated team who want to do the best job they can."

Officers across the Community Safety Partnership in St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney nominated colleagues for the seven awards, with the most prestigious being the 1836 award. This is the highest accolade given to a member of staff and marks the formation of St Albans borough police (later St Albans City Police) before it became part of the Hertfordshire Force in 1947.

**Detective Sergeant Jon Green from the Local Crime Unit** was awarded the **1836 Award** by the Very Reverend Dr Jeffrey John for his hard work, commitment and professionalism in delivering an outstanding quality of service to an individual or community within the St Albans CSP in the last year.

CI Coates said: "There were a number of nominations for this prestigious award this year but only one clear winner. Sergeant Green is one of those officers that you aspire to be. He is respected by every individual, every rank and this is because of simply how he is. His dedication to duty, his extended work hours and his 'never off duty' attitude. Although he won't admit it, he works relentlessly for our St Albans residents. He is the 'go-to' officer for all staff. His high standards are imposed by him on everyone else - he won't accept anything less. He doesn't shy away from challenging situations and has a way of managing everything with calmness and patience."

**Detective Sergeant Ben McGregor** from the Local Crime Unit was awarded the **Crime Management Award** by the St Albans and Harpenden Station Commander for Herts Fire and Rescue Service, Lee Hayward. DS McGregor has been described as "being exceptionally hard-working and zealous. He has a positive attitude, never leaves a stone unturned, has managed a number of complex fraud cases, is brilliant with victims of crime and he is willing to support colleagues across the CSP."

Despite a number of nominations, **PC Rich Oakley** received the most votes for the **Intervention Officer Award** , which was presented by CI Lynda Coates. This award recognises those who have demonstrated an exceptional contribution to the _Herts Way - Keeping People Safe, Catching Criminals and Reducing Crime._ CI Coates said: "PC Oakley has performed exceptionally this year. He has received countless messages of thanks and compliments from the public and has consistently tutored to a high standard. His decision making, confidence and professional attitude far exceeds his level of service. He is inspiring and has had a positive impact on other officers' development, he is always one to offer support and has outstanding dedication to his role as an intervention officer and tutor."

Chief Executive Amanda Foley from St Albans City and District Council and Akthar Zaman, one of the High Sheriff's deputy lieutenants and local community leaders, presented the leadership award to two worthy winners who both received a number of nominations - **Intervention Sergeant James Pickering** and **Harpenden and Rural Neighbourhood Sergeant Jordon Fox**.

Sergeant Pickering has managed and developed the Operation Scorpion team, (who target robbers, burglars and those involved in drug and vehicle-related crime) alongside being an Intervention Sergeant. He is described as leading by example, is proactive, inspiring and has great knowledge. He is also praised with keeping his team motivated when dealing with difficult situations and he stays behind with his team to help them manage their arrests and paperwork.

Sergeant Fox keeps Harpenden officers and the public at the heart of his daily business. He leads by example, often changing his shifts to make himself available to the public. With a period of time without a sergeant supervising at Harpenden, Sergeant Fox has motivated a number of officers who were feeling demoralised and disheartened. One officer said: "I have been a police officer for 30 years and he is one of the best sergeants I have ever worked with." Another said "he is always praising us" and they enjoy coming to work because of him.

The Partnership Award is new this year and was introduced to recognise the outstanding contribution to support public service and community focus within the CSP by **St Albans City and District Council 's Community Safety Manager Neil Kieran**. St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman presented Neil with this award. He said: "His role has been invaluable to the police - he takes control of anti-social behaviour (ASB) incidents that otherwise would cause us a lot of issues. He gets stuck in, all the time. He prepares excellent reports to influence decisions around ASB and housing applications from other councils. He totally grasps the issues we face as a police service. He will sit in meetings and ask probing challenging questions to ensure other services are not absolved of their responsibilities. His focus is always the best interests of the wider community."

**PC Ben Kirby and PCSO Lena Bhogaita** were joint winners of the **Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) and Community Safety Unit Officer Award.** This is awarded for demonstrating an exceptional contribution through the use of problem solving to deliver community resolutions within St Albans CSP and was presented by Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick. There were a number worthy winners with a number of nominations as these teams deal with heavy workloads, problem solving, community issues and regularly change shifts to support policing operations.

DI Warwick said: "Lena is an example of how a PCSO should be - unafraid, engaging with everyone and a valuable source of intelligence, she knows everyone and is proud of her work. She is happy to work on her own and goes above and beyond. She is passionate about crime prevention and disrupting local criminals. She always backs up her colleagues and has a positive attitude. She is an unsung hero who is a real credit to St Albans."

DI Warwick described PC Kirby as a "brilliant SNT officer. He works closely with his community and local schools who have praised him for his work dealing with children who have come to our notice. He has a great rapport with the local care homes and children's services. He is a real team player, regularly helping his colleagues, especially with technical support including memo cams. He is dedicated to public service and regularly receives compliments from other departments for his support to them. His commitment to safeguarding goes above and beyond what is expected of him."

He was also nominated for the 1836 award.

There were a number of nominations for the **Volunteers Award** recognising someone who goes above and beyond to give their free time to support the St Albans CSP. It was awarded to **Bob Gunning** who has volunteered for the St Albans CSP for years. He supports the Local Crime Unit and Detective Inspector by reviewing and recording burglaries and spikes in crime onto a spreadsheet which is invaluable to make sense of what the trends and patterns look like. He is described as always willing to help anyone and willing to learn new tasks to support the CSP. His work is genuinely invaluable and this award is well-deserved.
