```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary met with the LGBT+ community last night (Wednesday 20 November) to mark Trans Day of Remembrance.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary meet with LGBT+ community to mark Trans Day of Remembrance
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-meet-with-lgbt-community-to-mark-trans-day-of-remembrance-1052all
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary met with the LGBT+ community last night (Wednesday 20 November) to mark Trans Day of Remembrance.

Taking place at The Peacock Bar and Lounge in St Albans, Inspector Steve Alison, Chair of the Herts Police LGBT+ Network, and Hate Crime Officer PC Donna Horwood both attended a special event which paid tribute to those who have lost their life as a result of transphobia.

The event was organised by Ask For Clive, a new service that allows the LGBT+ community to discretely alert a bar/pub staff member when on a date that is going wrong. Last night's event included a minute's silence, giving attendees a chance to pay their respects to those who have died.

Inspector Alison and PC Horwood spoke to the community about the work that the Constabulary does to look after the trans community and ensure that hate crimes are reported. Such work includes regularly meeting with the trans community to learn more about the issues affecting them. The Constabulary also makes effort to look after staff or officers who are looking to transition and has a dedicated 'trans toolkit' for support, which gives guidance to the individual and their manager.

Inspector Alison said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is dedicated to supporting the trans community and protecting them from transphobia. We carry out lots of work ensuring that the trans and wider LGBT+ community are kept safe in Hertfordshire.

"Events like these are really important as they highlight the ongoing prejudice that the LGBT+ community are up against and meeting face-to-face with the community helps us to understand what else we can be doing to make Hertfordshire a safer and more tolerant place.

"If you are the victim of a trans or LGBT+ hate crime, please do not ever hesitate to contact us. We have specially trained Hate Crime Officers who can help you, as well as LGBT+ Liaison Officers. You will always be treated with respect from us."

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support visit.

**How to contact an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number **101** or by contacting us online. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via **999. ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

To contact an LGBT+ Officer in your local area for non-urgent advice ring **101** and ask to leave a message for them to contact you.
