```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 66 year old former Hertfordshire resident was today (Friday 21 August) jailed for 17 years for eight counts of historic sex offences.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2020
title: John Dickinson sentenced for historic sex offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/john-dickinson-sentenced-for-historic-sex-offences-0511
```

* ### John Dickinson, of Kennington Park Road, London, appeared for sentencing at Cambridge Crown Court for eight offences of sexual abuse on two children.

 * ### The offences were committed in Stevenage between 1973 and 1977 and started when the children were just two and four years old.

 * ### He has been jailed for 17 years

A 66 year old former Hertfordshire resident was today (Friday 21 August) jailed for 17 years for eight counts of historic sex offences.

John Dickinson, of Kennington Park Road, London, appeared for sentencing at Cambridge Crown Court for eight offences of sexual abuse on two children under the age of 14. The offences were committed in Stevenage between 1973 and 1977 and started when the children were just two and four years old.

The offences came to light in 2017 when one of the victims disclosed the abuse she had suffered as a young child to the police.

Dickinson was convicted by the same court on 12 September 2019 when a jury found him guilty unanimously, bar one count which was by 10 to 2 majority.

During the eight-day trial, reference was also made to Dickinson's previous convictions, including the murder of Susan Lowson in Stevenage in 1980 and subsequent arson at her flat. Dickinson was sentenced to life imprisonment for this crime and was released on licence in 2014. In February last year he was arrested by the Metropolitan Police in connection with a firearms offence and recalled back to prison. He has also received an additional one year sentence for this, bringing the total to 18 years in prison.

Dickinson will be on the sex offenders' register for life and has also been issued with a sexual harm prevention order.

Investigating officer Fiona Peters, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Joint Child Protection Investigation Unit, said: "John Dickinson has finally been punished for these hideous crimes committed against extremely young children.

"Dickinson subjected these children to sustained periods of abuse when they were at a very vulnerable age, betraying their trust in him. They have shown great courage in coming forward and giving evidence in this case, which has secured this conviction. I commend them for their bravery.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to bringing to justice those who sexually abuse children. I would always urge anyone who believes they have been a victim of this type of crime to come forward, no matter how long ago the offences occurred.

"You will be dealt with in confidence, and our dedicated team of officers will investigate your case sensitively and professionally."
