```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Borehamwood on Tuesday (8 September).
publish:
  date: 9 Sep 2020
title: Witness appeal following road traffic collision in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-in-borehamwood-600
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a road traffic collision involving a motorbike and a van in Borehamwood on Tuesday (8 September).

 * ### The incident took place on Gateshead Road around 4.30pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/72151/20 if you can help the investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Borehamwood on Tuesday (8 September).

Police were called just after 4.30pm to reports of a collision on Gateshead Road involving a motorbike and a white Ford Transit van.

Officers, the East of England Ambulance Service and the air ambulance attended the scene.

The motorcyclist was taken by road ambulance to hospital with serious injuries, which are not believed to be life threatening.

Road closures were put in place on Gateshead Road. The road was reopened by 11pm.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth, of the Borehamwood Local Crime Unit, said: "We are appealing for witnesses, information or for anyone with relevant CCTV or dash cam footage of this incident to contact us.

"Did you see a white Ford Transit van and a motorbike in the area prior to the collision?

"If you can assist with our investigation please contact us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/72151/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

*The van driver, a 24 year old man from Potters Bar, has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and GBH.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/herts-echo and tell us your thoughts.
