```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A motorist who failed to stop when he collided with two pedestrians causing them life changing injuries has been jailed for 18 weeks.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Driver without a licence who failed to stop after hitting two pedestrians is jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Driver-without-a-licence-who-failed-to-stop-after-hitting-two-pedestrians-is-jailed-2477
```

A motorist who failed to stop when he collided with two pedestrians causing them life changing injuries has been jailed for 18 weeks.

Jack Lee, aged 22, of Sandy Lane in Watford, pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention, failing to stop after a road accident, driving without a licence and without insurance when he appeared at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, January 22.

On the afternoon of June 28 last year, Lee was driving a white Vauxhall Combo van along Hampermill Lane in Watford when he mounted a grass verge and collided with two men.

One of the victims was taken to hospital with serious facial injuries while the other was flown by air ambulance to a hospital in London with life threatening head and facial injuries.

Lee failed to stop at the scene.

Police enquiries found that the van had been registered at a fake address in East London. On July 5, officers found the vehicle abandoned in Pinner.

Following significant enquiries, Lee was arrested on December 13 in Waterfields Way, Watford. At the time of his arrest Lee was driving a white Ford Transit van without a licence or insurance. He was subsequently charged.

On Tuesday, January 22, Lee was sentenced to 18 weeks in prison, banned from driving for 12 months, ordered to pay £85 in costs and a £115 victim surcharge.

The lead Magistrate said Lee had demonstrated a total and persistent disregard to road rules.

Lee initially lodged an appeal against his sentence, which was due to be heard at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (January 30) however, he withdrew the appeal on the day of the hearing.

PC Pete Talbot from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "The innocent victims in this case suffered very severe injuries and initially it was unknown whether one of the men - a 23 year old studying for a Masters in Law - would survive his injuries.

"He was air lifted to hospital with a catalogue of injuries including a brain haemorrhage, cracked skull and facial fractures and remained unconscious in the intensive care unit for more than two weeks.

"Now back home he is working to piece his life back together and get back on track with his studies. His injuries have also left him with permanent facial scarring and he continues to attend regular medical appointments.

"The other victim was just 21 years old at the time of the collision and had recently finished studying Economics. He suffered severe lacerations and has been left with impaired vision in his left eye. He also suffered memory loss, a broken nose and sternum.

"The collision meant he missed an opportunity to secure a job through a finance graduate scheme and today he continues to deal with the consequences of Lee's actions as he attempts to come to terms with what happened.

"Lee has never shown any remorse for his actions and did his best to evade police, which meant his victims had to wait a long six months before he was identified and arrested.

"Even after the collision Lee continued to drive illegally without a licence, showing a complete disregard for his victims and the laws of this country."

Jack Lee.
