```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault that happened in Waltham Cross on Thursday, July 12 are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-walthamcross-0534K
```

* ### Appeal following an assault close to Waltham Cross Train Station on Thursday July 12.

 * ### A man in his 40s was hit in the face and received minor injuries.

 * ### If you have information or dash cam footage of the incident please call 101.

Officers investigating an assault that happened in Waltham Cross on Thursday, July 12 are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident occurred on the A121 close to Waltham Cross Railway Station, when two men were involved in an altercation between 4pm and 5pm.

The victim, a man in his 40s, was hit in the face during the altercation with another and fell to the floor and lost consciousness. The victim was treated at hospital for some minor injuries. The other man is described as being between 25 and 30 years old, black and around 5ft 6ins tall with medium build with a distinctive 'palm tree' hair style and a beard. He was wearing a white t-shirt, shorts, a backpack and headphones and is believed to have left heading towards Waltham Abbey.

PC Stuart Rogers, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and saw what happened or may have dash-cam footage to get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who has information about the incident."

Anyone who saw the incident or has any other information which could help officers, should contact Hertfordshire Police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime ref: 41/18220/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crime stoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
