```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a single-vehicle collision on the M1 in the early hours of today (Monday 26 August).
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2019
title: "Appeal following a collision on the M1 \u2013 Watford/St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-collision-on-the-M1-watford-st-albans-0675
```

* ### Did you see a black Ford Galaxy on the northbound carriageway of the M1 between junctions 6 and 6a in the early hours of this morning

 * ### The vehicle, for reasons unknown, collided with the central reservation before coming to rest on the central verge

 * ### If you saw what happened, or have any information that could help police, please get in touch

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a single-vehicle collision on the M1 in the early hours of today (Monday 26 August).

It happened between 12.45am and 1am on the northbound carriageway between Junctions 6 and 6a (M25 interchange), near to Bricket Wood.

For reasons unknown, a black Ford Galaxy has been in collision with the central reservation before coming to rest on the central verge.

The driver, a man in his 30s, was taken to hospital where he sadly passed away a short time later.

Sergeant James Wood, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family of the driver at what is a very distressing time for them. We have launched an investigation in order to determine how the collision occurred.

"We believe the vehicle travelled up from Junction 1 so we would be very keen to hear from anyone travelling on that stretch of motorway who thinks they saw the vehicle prior to the collision.

"If you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle and believe you may have captured the Ford Galaxy on your footage earlier this morning, then we would really like to speak to you."

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101_ quoting **ISR 51 of 26 August**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
