```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision which happened between a vehicle and a cyclist on Radlett Road, near High Cross in Aldenham during the early of today (Sunday, February 11).
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2018
title: Did you witness a serious road traffic collision in Aldenham?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-a-serious-road-traffic-collision-in-Aldenham
```

* ### A motor vehicle and cyclist were involved in a collision in Radlett Road, Aldenham, during the early hours of Sunday (February 11).

 * ### The cyclist - a man aged in his 40s - suffered serious injuries.

 * ### The driver of the motor vehicle involved failed to stop at the scene.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police as soon as possible.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision which happened between a vehicle and a cyclist on Radlett Road, near High Cross in Aldenham during the early of today (Sunday, February 11).

The incident happened at 12.40am when the vehicle and cyclist were travelling through Aldenham towards the direction of Watford. The cyclist, a man in his 40s, sustained serious injuries and the driver of the vehicle drove away from the scene.

**Road Policing Sergeant Martin Kemp is investigating. He said:** "I am appealing to anyone who was in the location at the time and witnessed the incident take place. I am particularly interested to find out about the circumstances leading up to and the collision itself, as well as any details about the vehicle that drove away. Any information you provide could prove to be crucial to our investigation."

If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 39 of February 11 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
