```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who emotionally abused and controlled his former partner has been sentenced to one year and 10 months in prison.
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2018
title: "Man sentenced for coercive and controlling behaviour \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-coercive-and-controlling-behaviour-watford-1921
```

Zoran Kojic

 * ### Zoran Kojic was sentenced to 22 months in prison after pleading guilty to a number of charges at St Albans Crown Court.

 * ### During his six-month relationship with the victim, he tried to control where she went, who she saw and who she spoke to.

 * ### If you are experiencing domestic abuse, we can help you. Visit www.hertssunflower.org for advice and support.

A man who emotionally abused and controlled his former partner has been sentenced to one year and 10 months in prison.

Zoran Kojic, aged 34, of no fixed address, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, October 12 after pleading guilty to coercive and controlling behaviour, common assault and failing to comply with Sex Offenders' Register notification requirements*.

The court heard how Kojic first approached the victim on social media in December 2017, asking her if she wanted to go for a drink. She agreed and they began talking more on the phone and via WhatsApp. The relationship became serious quite quickly, with Kojic staying at her home in Watford more and more frequently.

His behaviour became increasingly overbearing and intense and he began questioning her whereabouts, asking her who she was with and what she was doing. He would go through the victim's phone, accuse her of sleeping with other men and make up rumours to belittle her in front of others.

She became isolated from her family and friends, and described how Kojic would take over her home and go through her belongings. When she objected, he told her that in his culture, the man 'has the power and that the woman is beneath him'.

During the course of their six-month relationship, the victim became anxious, depressed and isolated due to Kojic's manipulative behaviour. She said she was worried to leave her home in case he was waiting for her.

When the victim attempted to end the relationship on several occasions, Kojic repeatedly turned up at her home and threatened to harm himself if she did not take him back.

During the final incident on Saturday, June 23 2018, Kojic held a knife to himself after arguing with the victim and assaulted the victim's friend who had turned up at the address to help. Following the disturbance, the victim bravely made contact with police and Kojic was arrested and charged.

He was also given a ten-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) which requires him to notify police should he reside with a female longer than 12 hours.

PC Barnaby Goding, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation Safeguarding Unit, said: "I want to start by commending the victim in this case, who has been incredibly brave in reporting Kojic's abuse so that he could be brought to justice.

"His controlling behaviour caused the victim to become isolated from her support network of family and friends, which is exactly what he wanted. He showed no thought for her feelings and repeatedly subjected her to emotional abuse.

"I sincerely hope he uses his time in prison to reflect on his actions, and the CBO will ensure that any future relationships are monitored.

"For those who are suffering from domestic abuse, I want to let you know that there is help and support available. Your report will be taken seriously and you will be listened to."

_Coercive or controlling behaviour is defined as any incident or pattern of incidents of controlling, coercive or threatening behaviour, violence or abuse between those aged 16 or over who are or have been intimate partners or family members, regardless of gender or sexuality. This can encompass, but is not limited to, the following types of abuse: **psychological, physical, sexual, financial and emotional.**_

**_Clare's Law_** _gives people a right to know or a right to ask police whether a partner has a violent past. It was introduced following the murder of Clare Wood in Salford, Greater Manchester, by her former partner George Appleton in 2009._

_Had Clare known about Appleton 's previous crimes, which included kidnapping a woman at knifepoint, she would have been able to make an informed decision about whether to continue the relationship._

_If you are the victim of domestic abuse, you can visitwww.hertssunflower.org for advice and support, or call the **Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline** on **08 088 088 088** , which is open weekdays from 9am to 9pm and weekends from 9am to 4pm. If you feel your life is in danger, always dial 999. _

**Notes to editors:** the offence of failing to comply with the notification requirements relates to Kojic's previous conviction of sexual assault in March 2017, which does not relate to the victim in this case.
