```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team met with residents in Hertford on Saturday (March 23), to discuss local issues and give crime prevention advice.
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2019
title: Engaging with residents in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/engaging-with-residents-in-hertford-2809a
```

* ### The event was part of Op Stomp.

 * ### Residents were able to discuss issues with local officers and get crime prevention advice.

 * ### Volunteers also assisted throughout the day.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team met with residents in Hertford on Saturday (March 23), to discuss local issues and give crime prevention advice.

The event, held on the Sele Farm estate, was part of Operation Stomp - the police-led, multi-agency operation aimed at protecting communities and keeping residents safe.

Local officers and PCSOs were joined by police support volunteers, members of East Herts Volunteer Police Cadets and representatives from the charity Mid Herts Raynet, as they visited more than 600 homes to speak to residents.

'Safe and well' checks were also carried out at addresses occupied by those who may be vulnerable to crime, to ensure they had all the advice and support they needed.

Residents were given the opportunity to sign up to Online Watch Link (OWL) - a free messaging service, run by Neighbourhood Watch, which allows people to receive alerts about incidents and events in their local area.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Michael Clark said: "Operation Stomp is all about identifying vulnerability and preventing people becoming victims of crime. It has always been very well received by the local community and we hope we will continue to see a reduction in crime as a result."

I'd like to thank everyone who took part at the weekend, it was another successful day where a number of issues were addressed."

For more information about OWL, or to sign up, visit
