```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in North Herts are appealing for dog owners to take extra care when walking their pets. This follows an increase in complaints about out-of-control and over-friendly dogs, frightening other walkers and animals.
publish:
  date: 2 Jun 2020
title: Dog owners urged to take extra care
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Dog-owners-urged-to-take-extra-care-0176G
```

* ### Dog walkers in North Herts asked to take extra care when out and about with their pets

 * ### Increase in reports of people feeling frightened or intimidated by dogs

 * ### Dogs seen worrying livestock and other animals

Officers in North Herts are appealing for dog owners to take extra care when walking their pets. This follows an increase in complaints about out-of-control and over-friendly dogs, frightening other walkers and animals.

"Since we have been in lockdown we have understandably seen an increase in the number of people out and about during the day," explained Neighbourhood Inspector James Lant.

"There have always been plenty of dog walkers around, but now there are far more people out walking with their family, or on bikes, enjoying the countryside during the day. With the easing of lockdown restrictions, this number has increased even further and there are now even more people trying to share the same space.

"With this has come an increase in reports of dogs off the lead, running around and worrying both animals and other people. We want dog owners to be aware of this and make sure, as a courtesy, they put their dog on a lead when near other animals, or when approaching other people.

"You may consider your dog to be very friendly and well behaved, but many people are intimidated by dogs, especially if they are allowed to jump up or pester them. You may have also been walking you dog without issue prior to lock down, but these are now challenging times and our outside space is now much busier than it was. However, with a bit of consideration and thought for others, we should all be able to enjoy the outdoors safely."

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-nherts and have your sa
