```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A further person has been charged in connection with the murder of David Molloy in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2018
title: Man charged in connection with murder in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-charged-in-connection-with-murder-in-HemelHempstead-1864D
```

* ### A further person has been charged in connection with the murder of David Molloy in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### Paul Smith, aged 48 from Maylands Avenue, Hemel Hempstead, has been charged with assisting an offender and perverting the course of justice.

 * ### He has been bailed to appear at St Albans Magistrates Court on Friday, April 27.

A further person has been charged in connection with the murder of David Molloy in Hemel Hempstead.

Paul Smith, aged 48 from Maylands Avenue, Hemel Hempstead, has been charged with assisting an offender and perverting the course of justice.

He has been bailed to appear at St Albans Magistrates Court on Friday, April 27.

Police were called at 2.21am on Tuesday (March 13) to Saturn Way following reports of a stabbing.

David, aged 24, was treated by paramedics but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His family are currently being supported by specialist officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 25 of March 13.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
