```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision on the A414 North Orbital road, between the A5183 and the London Colney roundabout.
publish:
  date: 24 Feb 2020
title: Witness appeal after man seriously injured on A414
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-after-man-seriously-injured-on-a414-1451f
```

* ## The incident happened on Saturday 15 February at around 12.15am.

 * ## A man was struck by a lorry on the A414 North Orbital road.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision on the A414 North Orbital road, between the A5183 and the London Colney roundabout.

At around 12.15am on Saturday 15 February, a male pedestrian was struck by a lorry.

The man, aged in his 20s, was taken to hospital with serious injuries. He remains there at this time but is in a stable condition.

The driver of the lorry stayed at the scene, and is helping with our enquiries.

Sergeant Mark Atkins, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are appealing for any witnesses to come forward as a matter of urgency, to help us piece together the events leading up to the collision. This is a busy stretch of road, and we believe there would have been several people who drove past either immediately before or after the collision.

"If you did witness the incident, or have any information you think could assist our investigation, please get in contact. Alternatively, if you were in the area and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage and send us anything you think could help with our enquires."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Scott Herbert directly.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/14220/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
