```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood team ran an operation to help rough sleepers and deal with street drinkers and purse dippers in St Albans city centre on Wednesday (March 12).
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2020
title: Dealing with street drinkers, beggars and homeless people in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dealing-with-street-drinkers-beggars-and-homeless-people-in-st-albans-1533f
```

* ## Officers from the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood team ran an operation to help rough sleepers, deal with street drinkers and purse dippers.

 * ## A Community Protection Notice was issued and alcohol seized.

 * ## Similar operation will run throughout the year.

Officers from the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood team ran an operation to help rough sleepers and deal with street drinkers and purse dippers in St Albans city centre on Wednesday (March 12).

A Community Protection Notice (CPN) was issued to a man following ongoing anti-social behaviour, street drinking in the prohibited Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO) area and begging. A second man was arrested for breaching his (CPN) for being intoxicated in the PSPO, public order and common assault on a PCSO.

Three cans/bottles were seized during the operation which ran from 10am to 2pm.

St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Paul Caro said: "We take a tough stance on street drinking within the PSPO and anti-social behaviour and we will not hesitate to use our powers to reduce these problems. We also spoke to a number of rough sleepers and referred them to our Open Door colleagues for further help.

He added: "We will continue to run these operations throughout the year with our council and Open Door partner agencies."

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in St Albans using echo. Go to www.bit.ly/police-stalbans and have your say.
