```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating two incidents of outraging public decency in Welwyn Hatfield are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 5 Sep 2019
title: Incidents in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/incidents-in-welwyn-hatfield-0729b
```

* ### Police received two reports that a man was seen touching himself inappropriately.

 * ### Officers currently believe the two incidents are linked.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Police investigating two incidents of outraging public decency in Welwyn Hatfield are appealing for witnesses and information.

The first incident occurred on Monday 19 August, between 2.30pm and 2.40pm. It has been reported that a man was seen touching himself inappropriately in a bush in Dowley Wood, Welwyn Garden City.

The suspect is described as a white man, aged in his 50s, of large build, with shoulder length grey hair. He was wearing blue jeans and a black T-shirt.

The following day, police received a report of a similar incident occurring near a children's play area, between St Albans Road East and Old French Horn Lane in Hatfield.

The suspect is described as a "scruffy" white man, aged in his 50s, around 5ft 8in tall, with balding mousey hair, a beard and a pot belly. He was wearing a grey top.

PC Stephen Carter, who is investigating the incidents, said: "We are keeping an open mind but, at this time, we do believe the two incidents are linked. I fully understand that reports of this nature cause a great deal of concern among the community and I want to reassure people we are doing all we can to trace the suspect/s as soon as possible. If you have any information which may assist us, please get in contact."

He added: "If you witness any similar activity, please call police straightaway on 999."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Carter via email

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/75515/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
