```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a spate of criminal damages in Harpenden where 28 vehicles were damaged.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2018
title: Police release image following criminal damages in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-release-image-following-criminal-damages-in-Harpenden-1443F
```

* ### CCTV image released following damages to vehicles in Harpenden.

 * ### Man pictured could assist investigation.

 * ### Contact police if you can identify him.

Officers are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a spate of criminal damages in Harpenden where 28 vehicles were damaged.

Police have now received reports totalling twenty-eight vehicles having been damaged between Sunday, December 31 and Wednesday, January 3 in the Southdown area. The damages include tyres slashed, body work scratched, lights smashed and a soft-top ripped.

The roads affected are Southdown Road, Gorselands, Queens Road, St John's Court, St John's Road and Station Road. The majority of offences occurred overnight between 11pm on January 1 and 6am on January 2.

Police would like to speak to the man pictured as he may have information about the offences that will assist the investigation.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Harpenden, Chris Thomas said: "I would ask anyone who may have witnessed someone acting suspiciously or causing damage to a vehicle in these areas, or who may have information which could assist the investigation, to contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team via email or through calling the Herts Police non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV image realeased
