```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new website which aims to transform the way the public can interact with police.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2017
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary launches new website
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-launches-new-website
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary launches new website.

 * ### New website transforms the way the public interact with the police.

 * ### Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd praise innovative new website.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a new website which aims to transform the way the public can interact with police.

The new website includes many new features including non-emergency crime reporting, a non-emergency web-chat service and a mobile friendly version.

The site has been developed as part of a joint project with Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire police to reduce costs and the three force websites have been created on one content management system.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said, "The new site will help us communicate and engage with the public in a modern and effective way and accommodate those who prefer to self-serve and interact with us online rather than via the telephone. It will help people easily access information and carry out a range of activities online, 24/7.

"Our non-emergency online forms and web-chat service aims to reduce the need for people to call **101** , leaving our call handlers with more time to deal with matters that can't be handled online."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said, ""The new website provides the public with even more choice in contacting our officers and staff. The speed at which they can report a crime or contact the **101** team via webchat is extraordinary and I think it will become the first choice for lots of people who rightly demand the police are available online.

"Of course, the option to phone is still available, but the ability to report crimes online and increase the ways the public can contact the police is a central part of my Community Safety and Criminal Justice Plan for Hertfordshire and I'm very pleased to see this being delivered."
