```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An eagle-eyed CCTV operator helped police arrest a man for burglary in St Albans in the early hours last week (Tuesday June 25).
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2019
title: Man arrested for burglary thanks to CCTV operator
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-for-burglary-thanks-to-cctv-operator-0442f
```

* ### An eagle-eyed CCTV operator helped police arrest a man for burglary in St Albans.

 * ### The man was arrested, charged and given a suspended two-week-prison sentence.

 * ### Partnership working helps to keep the St Albans district safer.

An eagle-eyed CCTV operator helped police arrest a man for burglary in St Albans in the early hours last week (Tuesday June 25).

The operator who works for St Albans City and District Council saw a man acting suspiciously at 3.45am at Subway in Chequer Street and alerted police.

Police arrested Ben Kempster, age 36, of William Street in Luton, moments later on suspicion of burglary other than a dwelling and he was subsequently charged and remanded in custody. He appeared at Hatfield Magistrates Court on Wednesday and he was given a two-week prison sentence, suspended for 12 months and ordered to pay £200 in costs and given a rehabilitation order.

Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "Without the quick-thinking of the CCTV operator alerting us to Kempster seen on camera stealing keys, we would not have been able to bring him back before the courts. He has a record of offending and committed this burglary whilst on licence."

He added: "This partnership working with CCTV operators helps to keep the St Albans district safer."
