```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a police officer was assaulted in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault of an officer in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-of-an-officer-in-cheshunt-1571k
```

* ## On Saturday 14 March, a police officer was assaulted in Crossbrook Street, Cheshunt.

 * ## A 14 year old was arrested at the scene, and has since been released on bail.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a police officer was assaulted in Cheshunt.

On Saturday 14 March, just after 2pm, officers were called to an address in Hillside Avenue to reports of an attempted burglary.

When an officer attempted to detain one of the suspects in Crossbrook Street, near the old Brook Bakery, he was assaulted.

DC Jodie Bolton, who is investigating this case, said: "One person was arrested at the scene on suspicion of assault, and I am now appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident to please get in contact with me as soon as possible.

"If you have any information, or think you may witnessed the assault or the events preceding it, please get in touch with me using the email address below. Any information could be key to helping us progress this investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Bolton directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/22870/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

 * A 14 year old boy was arrested on suspicion of assault of an emergency services worker. He has been released on police bail.

 * ## Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information.
