```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2020
title: Appeal following serious collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-stevenage-363
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Stevenage.

The incident occurred this evening (Thursday 16 July), just before 6.45pm, on Emperors Gate, when a grey Ford Fiesta collided with 11 year old boy, close to the Emperors Head pub.

The boy was taken to hospital in a serious but stable condition.

Sergeant Russell Jones, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the collision, or the events leading up to it, to get in contact with me as soon as possible.

"Alternatively, if you were driving near the area at the time and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review your footage and send us anything you think may be relevant to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PS Jones directly via email at Russell.jones@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **650** of 16 July. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
