```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a parcel from a doorstep in Watford have released two images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following the theft of a parcel \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-the-theft-of-a-parcel-Watford-1713C
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a theft in Watford.

 * ### It happened in The Chase on Thursday, February 22 at around 1pm.

 * ### If you have any information that could help police, please call 101 quoting crime reference C1/18/1067.

CCTV appeal following the theft of a parcel – Watford

Officers investigating the theft of a parcel from a doorstep in Watford have released two images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

The incident happened in The Chase at around 1pm on Thursday, February 22.

Around this time an offender approached the property and stole a parcel, which contained a fish tank pump, from the doorstep before making off.

Sergeant Dan Jones, who is investigating, said: "We would like to speak to the man pictured as we believe he may have information that could assist us with our enquiries.

"If you recognise him, please email me quoting crime reference C1/18/1067. You can also report information online, or via our non-emergency number 101.

"We would also be keen to hear from anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area around the time of the offence."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
