```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged affray in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following affray in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-affray-in-Hitchin-1606G
```

* ### Did you witness an alleged physical altercation outside the Pitcher and Piano Club in Hitchin in the early hours of Sunday, February 4?

 * ### Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact police as they may be able to assist the on-going investigation.

 * ### Two people have been arrested in connection with the incident.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged affray in Hitchin.

At around 2am on Sunday, February 4, it is alleged that a physical altercation took place between two men.

The incident is reported to have occurred outside the Pitcher and Piano Club in Market Place.

PC Thomas Nash, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have seen what happened to come forward as you may have information that could assist our on-going investigation.

"The incident took place in a busy location so it is likely that many people would have seen what happened.

"If you can help, contact me by emailing thomas.nash@herts.pnn.police.uk or call the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/406. You can also report information online."

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."

 * A 19 year old man from Hitchin, who was arrested on suspicion of affray and common assault, has been released under investigation
 * A 29 year old man from Luton, who was arrested on suspicion of affray and common assault, has been released under investigation
