```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Residents of Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities."
publish:
  date: 23 May 2019
title: "Have your say on policing priorities in Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-policing-priorities-in-bishops-stortford-and-sawbridgeworth-0261a
```

* ### Two drop in surgeries are being held in June.

 * ### Residents will be able to make suggestions on what should be considered as a local priority.

 * ### These will then be reviewed by officers.

Residents of Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.

Two drop in surgeries are being held in June, to give people the chance to make suggestions on what they feel the Safer Neighbourhood Team should be considering as a priority for the next three months.

Local officers will then review submissions from the community at the upcoming Priority Setting Forum meeting, alongside police reports around threat and demand and officially set the priorities.

Neighbourhood Sergeant for Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Mark Collins said: "We are committed to working with local communities to help tackle any issues they may be facing. These forums are a great way for local residents to drop in and engage with us, to help set our priorities for the coming months. Please pop along and have your say."

The events will take place as follows:

**Bishop 's Stortford**: Monday, June 10 (5.30pm to 7pm) - Bishop's Stortford Library, The Causeway.

**Sawbridgeworth:** Thursday, June 6 (7.30pm to 9pm) - Bell Street car park.
