```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents in Letchworth and Baldock are being invited to take part in a special survey to help their local Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2020
title: Have your say on how we police your town
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-how-we-police-your-town-0112g
```

* ## Do you live in Letchworth or Baldock?

 * ## Help us shape our next set of policing priorities for you town.

 * ## Take part in our online chat or survey.

Residents in Letchworth and Baldock are being invited to take part in a special survey to help their local Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities.

"Due to the pandemic and social distancing measures, we've had to postpone our normal community priority setting events, but we are still here and listening, and we want your input," said Neighbourhood Sergeant Steve Oliphant.

"The SNT are responsible for dealing with short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour, criminal damage, speeding and drug related crime. And we work hard with our local partners, including North Herts District Council, to ensure that Letchworth and Baldock are safe places to live and work."

If you live in either Letchworth or Baldock and are interested in having a say in what your local police should concentrate on as priorities, please take part in the live online chat with your local team, or fill in the special online survey which will be running for a week from Monday 18 May.

Letchworth live chat is on Wednesday 20 May 12 noon until 1.30pm. Baldock live chat is Thursday 21 May 6pm until 7.30pm.

If you are already signed up to Neighbourhood Watch and OWL, you will automatically be invited to take part in these events. If you are not already a member you can sign up at www.owl.co.uk . As well as letting us know your views, you will be able to hear what work has been done around the existing policing priorities, as well as looking ahead at what needs to be tackled in the future.

"We would like as many local residents to be involved in this priority setting process as possible" continued Sergeant Oliphant. "We want to make sure that we have a very clear understanding of all of the issues which impact on and affect our local communities.

"If you are unable to join us via OWL, you can submit your feedback by taking part in a special survey using 'echo'. Go to www.bit.ly/police-lb or text 'echo' to 66099 (standard network rates apply) to either take part or just submit your feedback. This is an anonymous survey but all feedback will be reviewed and the more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to our community, where services are working well for you or where we need to improve."

If you need any further information please contact the Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team via email or by calling 101.
