```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Today (Friday, February 15), officers made a public appeal for information on missing student Joy Morgan.
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2019
title: Police make public appeal for information on missing Joy Morgan
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-make-public-appeal-for-information-on-missing-Joy-Morgan-2575MD
```

Today (Friday, February 15), officers made a public appeal for information on missing student Joy Morgan.

Twenty-one year old Joy, who studies Midwifery at the University of Hertfordshire, is missing from Hatfield and was last seen at a church celebration in Ilford on December 26, 2018. The following day she made contact with coursemates via Whatsapp. She was reported missing to police on Thursday, February 7.

A 40 year old man from London has been arrested on suspicion of murder and released on bail while enquiries continue.

Detective Chief Superintendent Karena Thomas from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit said: "Joy is described as a focused and determined student. She is also an active member of the Hainault Street Church in Ilford, which Joy herself has described as a community that feels like her family.

"Her disappearance is completely out of character and all avenues we have explored to establish her whereabouts so far have come back negative.

"Joy has been missing for over a month and we, along with her family, are growing increasingly concerned for her safety.

"Although we are asking people to think back over the last couple of months, unlike other times of the year we tend to remember what we are doing around the festive season and I am hoping our appeal today may jog some memories and get people really thinking.

"We are remaining really open minded about how and why Joy may have gone missing. She may have opted to take time out and if that is the case I would urge her to make contact with us on 101 or contact the Missing People charity on 116 000 to let us know she is ok. We just want to know that she is safe and well.

"However, we also need to consider the context in which Joy has gone missing and given the sudden nature of her disappearance and the non-contact with friends, family or with fellow worshippers at her church, at this stage, sadly, we have to consider that she may have come to harm."

As part of the investigation, officers are keen to trace a highly distinctive Honda that Joy regularly travels in (pictured). The vehicle's owner has been identified and spoken to but it is believed that the vehicle is linked to Joy's disappearance.

Det Ch Supt Thomas continued: "This is understandably a devastating and worrying time for Joy's family, made even more poignant by the fact that she should have been celebrating her 21st birthday on Wednesday (February 13). We are supporting Joy's family with specially trained officers throughout our enquiries.

"Today, I am urging anyone with information about Joy's whereabouts to get in touch by calling us on the non-emergency number 101. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in finding out where Joy is."

Any information about Joy's whereabouts can be submitted online here: _https://mipp.police.uk/operation/35SA020119R15-PO1_

_If you have seen Joy since she was reported missing or have information about where she has been, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary 's non-emergency number 101. If you believe you are with Joy now or have seen her in the last few moments, please call 999 immediately. _

_ _

_You can also report information online atwww.herts.police.uk/Report. _

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form atwww.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them._

The full appeal can be viewed on our YouTube channel here: https://youtu.be/BdifxOxmO20
