```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested and charged in connection a number of thefts from vehicles in Bushey.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2019
title: "Two arrested and charged in connection with thefts from vehicles \u2013 Bushey"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-and-charged-in-connection-with-thefts-from-vehicles-bushey-2379
```

* ### Two men have pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods after being arrested in The Avenue, Bushey, on Saturday night

 * ### Officers recovered a number of items later found to be stolen including phones, laptops and sunglasses

 * ### Motorists are reminded to ensure their vehicles are locked and any items of value are removed

Two men have been arrested and charged in connection a number of thefts from vehicles in Bushey.

Louis Croucher, aged 24, and Louis Andrada, aged 39, both of no fixed address, were arrested on Saturday, January 12 after police received reports of people acting suspiciously around vehicles in The Avenue and trying car door handles.

Officers immediately attended the scene and detained both Croucher and Andrada, who were carrying bags containing a number of suspected stolen items including mobile phones, laptops and sunglasses.

These were later identified as stolen property from at least four different vehicles.

Croucher and Andrada were taken to custody and charged with handling stolen goods before appearing at Hatfield Remand Court yesterday (Monday, January 14).

Andrada pleaded guilty to one count of handling stolen goods and was sentenced to eight weeks in prison, suspended for 18 months.

Croucher pleaded guilty to four offences of handling stolen goods and one of theft (shoplifting) and has been remanded ahead of sentencing on Thursday, January 17.

Detective Constable Andy Paveley, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "A number of the recovered items have been returned to their rightful owners however we still have some unidentified property that is still unclaimed.

"Therefore I would like to encourage people in Bushey - in particular those living in The Avenue, Merry Hill Road and School Lane - to check their cars and see if any items are missing. If so, please call us on 101 and ask to speak to a member of Hertsmere Local Crime Unit.

"I would also like to remind motorists to check that their vehicles are locked before leaving them, and that they have not left anything of value in them."
