```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested in connection with an incident in Hemel Hempstead last week, where a 12-year-old girl was reportedly approached by a vehicle in suspicious circumstances.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2020
title: Man arrested in connection with incident in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-in-connection-with-incident-in-hemel-hempstead-1491d
```

* ## A 30-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted kidnap.

 * ## The arrest follows an incident in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ## Enquiries are continuing.

A man has been arrested in connection with an incident in Hemel Hempstead last week, where a 12-year-old girl was reportedly approached by a vehicle in suspicious circumstances.

Police were contacted shortly after 5.20pm on Tuesday 25 February to report that a vehicle had pulled up alongside a girl near Bennetts End community centre and the driver had asked her to get in. No attempts were made to touch her.

The girl refused and caught the attention of a passer-by, who came to her assistance.

Following extensive enquiries a 30-year-old man has been arrested today (Tuesday 3 March) on suspicion of attempted kidnap. He remains in police custody at this time.

Detective Inspector Matt Waylett, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "I fully understand that incidents of this nature will cause concern in the community. I want to reassure people that our work to establish the circumstances around what happened is ongoing.

"Although there have been no further incidents reported, I would like to remind people to remain vigilant. If you are approached in similar circumstance please contact police straightaway and try and make a note of the vehicle's registration number and details of any occupants."
