```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2019
title: "Witness appeal following an incident in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-an-incident-in-bishops-stortford-1011
```

* ### A 10-year-old girl was approached by a man on her way to school.

 * ### The suspect tried to get the victim to follow him.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident took place on Friday 25 October, at around 8.30am, on Piggotts Way.

The victim - a 10-year-old girl - was walking to her school when she was approached by a man, who asked her to follow him. The girl then ran back towards her home.

At no point did the suspect attempt to physically grab or touch the victim.

He has been described as a white male, aged between 30 and 35 years old, who was clean shaven, with blonde hair and brown eyes. He is said to have been wearing a white t-shirt, black joggers with white stripes down the side, and white and black trainers.

DC Narinder Padda, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, the victim was left incredibly shaken up by this incident, and we know that an incident like this will cause concern in the local community.

"Thankfully, incidents of this nature are relatively rare, but please be assured that we are treating this very seriously and have a number of resources dedicated to the investigation.

"As this happened in a fairly residential area, we are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen a man matching the description, or who may have witnessed someone acting suspiciously, to contact us as soon as possible.

"We are also appealing to anyone who may have seen, or may own, a black Volvo that was parked near to where the incident took place. The owner of the vehicle may have vital information which could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Padda directly via email, at narinder.padda@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/96748/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
