```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We have released a video explaining the challenges of investigating no body murders following the recent conviction of Shofah-el Israel who was found guilty of murdering midwifery student Joy Morgan.
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2019
title: The challenges of investigating no body murders
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/the-challenges-of-investigating-no-body-murders-0653
```

* ### Despite extensive searches, Joy's body has sadly never been found.

 * ### The video explains the challenges of investigating such cases.

 * ### Officers are asking anyone with information about where Joy's body might be to come forward.

We have released a video explaining the challenges of investigating no body murders following the recent conviction of Shofah-el Israel who was found guilty of murdering midwifery student Joy Morgan.

Twenty-year-old Joy, from Battersea, lived in Hatfield where she studied at the University of Hertfordshire and she was last seen in Ilford on 26 December 2018.

On Monday 5 August, Israel aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, was found guilty of her murder at Reading Crown Court. He has been served a life sentence with a minimum of 17 years.

Despite extensive searches carried out by specialist teams, Joy's body has sadly never been found.

In the video, Detective Superintendent Jo Walker, Head of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, explains the unique challenges of investigating cases where the absence of a body means that forensic opportunity is reduced.

Officers are still appealing for anyone with information about where Joy's body might be, to get in touch.

Det Supt Walker said: "We've got a family that are without their daughter's body. I would urge anyone that's got any information to please come forward and help us find Joy's body and get her back to her family."

If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
