```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a handbag, containing jewellery and cash, in Bushey.
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2020
title: Witness appeal following theft of handbag in Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-theft-of-handbag-in-bushey-1389
```

* ### Jewellery and cash were taken as a handbag was stolen in a Costco car park.

 * ### The incident took place around 12pm on Friday 24 January in Bushey.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/7213/20 if you can help our investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a handbag, containing jewellery and cash, in Bushey.

The incident took place around 12pm on Friday 24 January, in the Costco car park on Hartspring Lane.

A handbag was taken from a shopping trolley as the victim put items into her car.

The offenders then fled the area in a grey Vauxhall Insignia, which was on cloned number plates.

PC Louis Blacker, who is investigating, said: "The family is devastated at the loss of some very sentimental jewellery.

"I am keen to trace the occupants of the vehicle as part of our enquiries and would ask anyone with information to please email me via louis.blacker@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/7213/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
