```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two police officers and two PCSOs have recently joined the St Albans and London Colney Safer Neighbourhood Teams.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2019
title: Four new faces join the St Albans district Neighbourhood Teams
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-new-faces-join-the-stalbans-district-neighbourhood-teams-2744f
```

* ### New officers join the St Albans and London Colney Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

 * ### They are here to help keep the St Albans district safe.

 * ### Come to one of their advertised surgeries, call them on 101 or email them.

Two police officers and two PCSOs have recently joined the St Albans and London Colney Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

**PC Steve Whittaker and PC Lauren Wilson** have joined the _London Colney, St Stephens and St Albans East_ Neighbourhood Team. **PCSO Bradley Flanagan** and **PCSO Matthew Bennett** , have joined the _St Albans Central, North and West_ Safer Neighbourhood Team.

PC Steve Whittaker

St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "I'm really pleased to welcome these officers who have hit the ground running and are already proving to be real assets to the two neighbourhood teams. If you are would like to speak to them about crime or anti-social behaviour, come along to one of their surgeries advertised on the Online Watch Link (OWL)*, call them on 101 or email them at _first.surname@herts.pnn.police.uk_ - they are all here to help keep the St Albans district safe."

PC Lauren Wilson

PC Whittaker previously worked on intervention (999 responders) and the Scorpion team, who proactively target burglars, robbers and people involved in acquisitive and drug-related crime, in St Albans. He said: "I know the area well and I'm here to help people - that's why I joined the police. I really enjoyed my previous roles, but working on a SNT, you can invest more time dealing with short-term and longer-term problems. It's great to have the support of partner agencies, including the council and see a problem through to the end."

PC Wilson said: "It is so satisfying knowing you've made a positive difference when people feel vulnerable or need help. I never know what will happen during my day, so it keeps it interesting."

PCSO Bradley Flanagan

The officers have been dealing with incidents including criminal damage, road rage, burglaries, thefts and neighbourhood disputes as well as a stolen dog in London Colney and anti-social bikes in Napsbury Park and Lye Lane. They also carried out a drugs warrant at an address in Buttermere Close and are involved in speeding operations in Shenley Lane and the High Street.

PC Wilson is a 'Police Now' officer having joined the Force as a graduate. She studied History. PC Whittaker was a PCSO for five years in East Herts before joining up as a regular officer.

PCSO Bradley Flanagan was a personal trainer prior to joining the Force. He is covering the **Clarence** ward. "It can be a challenging job but it is very rewarding. I enjoy helping to catch the 'bad guys' as much as helping people on a daily basis." He has been dealing with thefts at Morrisons, anti-social behaviour including people being drunk and he is involved in supporting investigations.

PCSO Matt Bennett is covering the **Verulam** ward of St Albans. Having completed a public services course, he became a Customer Assistant at Tesco. "But I always wanted to join the police," he said. "I'm really enjoying it, it's something different each day. I could be dealing with a shoplifter, anti-social behaviour, drug offender or be picking up CCTV."

To see what they get up to, follow the Safer Neighbourhood Teams on Twitter **@StAlbansPolice @LdnColneyPolice** **@HarpendenPolice** or **@StAlbansChief** or on Facebook under **St Albans Community Safety Partnership.**

If you would like to receive emails about crime in your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) or speak to your local PCSO.

PCSO Matthew Bennett
