```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a burglary in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-burglary-in-st-albans-0479f
```

* ### Officers would like to identify two people as they may help with an investigation looking into a burglary in St Albans.

 * ### Offenders broke into a house between 28 May and 4 June while the residents were on holiday.

 * ### If you have any information that could help our investigation please call 101, quoting ref number 41/50325/19.

Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between 6am on Tuesday 28 May and 2.10pm on Tuesday 4 June, a house in Marlborough Gate was broken into while the residents were on holiday.

Offenders accessed the property from the rear alleyway via Victoria Street where they stole a debit card as well as a few high value items.

DC Jody Perrin from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "Having strangers walk into your home and taking your personal belongings is a massive violation and can be very scary - we are working hard to make sure that those responsible are caught.

"We hope to speak to the two men pictured as they may have some useful information that could help the investigation.

"Please get in touch if you recognise them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Perrin via email at jodie.perrin@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/50325/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
