```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man from London has pleaded guilty to six counts of drugs offences which were committed in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 4 Apr 2018
title: Man pleads guilty to Hatfield drugs offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-pleads-guilty-to-Hatfield-drugs-offences-0004B
```

* ### London man charged with six drugs offences.

 * ### The offences happened in November 2017 and March this year.

 * ### The man was found to have a significant amount of Class A drugs on him.

A 21-year-old man from London has pleaded guilty to six counts of drugs offences which were committed in Hatfield.

Danilson Santana, from Bradwell Avenue, Dagenham, was arrested by officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Operation Scorpion Team on March 27 while they were out on routine patrol in The Common, Hatfield.

After searching the offender officers found he had over £1000 in cash, 41 wraps of crack cocaine and nine wraps of heroin, thought to be worth approximately £500, in his possession. He was detained in custody the same day and was charged with four counts of possession of Class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a Class B drug and possession of criminal property.

Three of the crimes he was charged with relate to possession of Class A and B drugs offences which happened in November 2017. Santana was arrested in Hatfield in connection with these offences by police officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Safer Neighbourhood Team on November 10. On that day, he was found to have approximately 125 wraps of crack cocaine, 29 wraps of heroin and a small amount of cannabis in his possession - in total worth around £1350\. He was released under investigation in connection with these offences, pending further police enquiries.

Santana appeared at St Albans Magistrates Court on March 28 where he pleaded guilty to each of the six offences. He was detained in custody and will appear at St Albans Crown Court on April 27 for sentencing.

**Rob Burns is Welwyn Hatfield 's new Detective Inspector who leads the Local Crime Unit. He said:** "We are determined to put a stop to the possession, supply and use of drugs in Hatfield, some of which is being fuelled by offenders coming into Hatfield from London, as with this case. The arrest, charge and subsequent guilty plea of Danilson Santana is a really significant part of this and I look forward to the outcome of his sentencing."

He added: "To help us in our fight against drug related crime, anyone who witnesses any suspicious behaviour is advised to contact police and report it via the non-emergency number 101 or 999 if you believe a crime is on-going. Any information provided, no matter how seemly insignificant, could be crucial to our investigations."

Man pleads guilty to Hatfield drugs offences Danilson Santana
