```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are currently investigating following an incident in Bushey where two dogs are reported to have been dangerously out of control.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2020
title: Did you witness dogs out of control in Bushey?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-dogs-out-of-control-in-bushey-0906
```

* ### The incident occurred in Highwood Avenue.

 * ### A cat was attacked and later died.

 * ### A man was also injured during the incident.

Police are currently investigating following an incident in Bushey where two dogs are reported to have been dangerously out of control.

The incident occurred in Highwood Avenue, at around 7am on Wednesday 18 November.

It was reported that two 'greyhound type' dogs, which were not on leads, ran from a green space and into a garden, where they began attacking a cat.

A man intervened to try and rescue the cat and subsequently sustained injuries to his feet.

The cat was seriously injured and was taken to the vets. Sadly, the cat passed away four days later.

PC Callum Ellis, from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Our enquiries into what happened are continuing at this time. As part of our investigation I would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or who thinks they may have seen the dogs in the area prior to it. If you have any information at all, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Callum Ellis.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/94565/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
