```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are warning residents in the Cheshunt area and appealing for information following an aggravated burglary last night (27 March).
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2020
title: Warning following an aggravated burglary in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-following-an-aggravated-burglary-in-cheshunt-1595
```

* ### Warning to residents in Cheshunt following an aggravated burglary

 * ### Suspects pretended to deliver food

 * ### If you know of a similar incident please call police

Police are warning residents in the Cheshunt area and appealing for information following an aggravated burglary last night (27 March).

Between 9.45pm and 9.55pm five offenders approached the home of a woman in her 70s in the Turners Hill area claiming they were delivering food and forced entry to the property stealing jewellery.

The suspects were in a dark coloured Audi A4.

If anyone in the area who has dashcam footage around this time which shows a similar car please contact Herts Police. We would also like to hear from anyone else who may have information about what happened or is aware of a similar incident.

You can call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference number 41/26366/20. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
