```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 120 vehicles were stopped and seven people arrested during an operation targeting travelling criminality in Waltham Cross and surrounding areas on Wednesday, May 22.
publish:
  date: 28 May 2019
title: Operation Scorpion deliver sting to travelling criminality
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-scorpion-deliver-sting-to-travelling-criminality-280-k
```

* ### Seven people were arrested on suspicion of a number of offences.

 * ### A number of partner agencies were involved in the operation, including the National Crime Agency and Trading Standards.

 * ### Forty-five motorists were dealt with for traffic offences.

More than 120 vehicles were stopped and seven people arrested during an operation targeting travelling criminality in Waltham Cross and surrounding areas on Wednesday, May 22.

Organised by the Broxbourne Operation Scorpion team, the operation ran between 10am and 4pm and utilised Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology. These were static cameras and cameras fitted to both marked and unmarked police vehicles.

Officers patrolled the area near to the A10 and M25 and the borders of neighbouring Essex and London. Vehicles were then directed to a car park near the Lee Valley White Water Centre where officers spoke with drivers about any potential offences.

The seven people arrested were:

 * A 26-year-old man from London, who was arrested on suspicion of fraud and theft.
 * A 20-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy from London, who were arrested on suspicion of failing to stop for police, dangerous driving, having no insurance and driving other than in accordance with a driving licence.
 * A 41-year-old man from Enfield, who was arrested on suspicion of theft.
 * A 23-year-old man and a 29-year-old man from London and a 32-year-old man from Waltham Cross, who were arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply Class B drugs and possession of criminal property.

Thirteen people were searched, with two people being issued with cannabis warnings after the drug was found in their possession.

Forty-five Traffic Offence Reports were issued to drivers, including:

 * 19 which were issued to drivers who were seen to be using their mobile phone whilst driving
 * three for having no insurance
 * one for driving otherwise than in accordance with a driving licence
 * 21 for not wearing seatbelts
 * three for illegal number plates

Six vehicles, including an 18-tonne lorry, were seized for various offences, including not having insurance and not having tax.

One driver was reported for the offence of driving without due care and attention as he was seen driving whilst brushing his teeth.

Officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit and Mobile Scorpion Team were joined by officers from the National Crime Agency and the Eastern Regional Special Operations Unit.

A number of officers from the Special Constabulary also took part in the operation, alongside staff from Trading Standards who were on hand to speak with drivers using their vehicles for business purposes.

PC Lewis Mack from Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion team said: "The aim of this operation was to demonstrate once again that Broxbourne - and Hertfordshire - are hostile places for criminals by disrupting and deterring them from entering our county.

"As well as detecting traffic offences, we were particularly interested in targeting those suspected of being involved with serious acquisitive crime, such as burglary, drug and vehicle crime.

"Whilst there was some minor disruption to members of the public going about their everyday business, I hope they'll agree this proactive operation has proved a success.

"We will be looking to hold similar operations in the borough in the near future."
