```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Hertfordshire are urging people to be on their guard against phone scams following a number of recent incidents.
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2017
title: Protect yourself and your loved ones from phone scammers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Protect-yourself-your-loved-ones-from-phone-scammers-1084
```

* ### Fraudsters have used a variety of methods in an attempt to con people out of cash.

 * ### One victim lost more than £11,000.

 * ### Officers are urging people to share crime prevention advice.

 * ### If you are suspicious of a call you receive, hang up and report it to police.

Police in Hertfordshire are urging people to be on their guard against phone scams following a number of recent incidents.

Several different methods have been used by fraudsters to try and con victims out of cash.

A 53-year-old woman from the Buntingford area was contacted by a woman who claimed to be from BT and persuaded the victim they had viruses on their computer. The victim was then transferred to a 'security expert' who accessed her computer remotely.

The offender then became threatening and told the victim to go to Tesco and purchase £5,000 worth of iTunes vouchers. Fortunately, officers intervened and no purchase was made.

An 87-year-old man from Markyate was contacted and told that he owed £500 to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC). The victim was persuaded to purchase £500 worth of iTunes vouchers as payment and read the codes over the phone to the offender.

Similarly, a 65-year-old man from Stevenage was contacted by a man claiming to be from HMRC who stated the victim owed taxes. Again, the victim was instructed to purchase iTunes vouchers from several outlets and read the codes over the phone. He was also persuaded to transfer money over to a Bitcoin account. Overall, he lost £11,500 to the fraudsters.

Reports of 'more traditional' phone scam offences have also been received in Hertsmere whereby offenders call victims and claim to be police officers investigating fraudulent activity on their bank accounts. They then ask the victims to hand cash or bank cards over to a courier as part of a fictitious investigation. No money was lost on these occasions.

Detective Sergeant Jon Leak, who leads Hertfordshire Constabulary's specialist phone scam investigation team, said: "We continue to do everything we can to bring offenders to justice. A number of convictions have already been secured but, unfortunately, these scams are still occurring with a variety of methods now being used.

"Thankfully, many people recognise them for what they are and refuse to part with any money however, there are occasions when people fall prey to the highly persuasive nature of these fraudsters and often lose thousands of pounds.

"I want to reiterate that you will never be asked under any circumstances, by police, banks or HMRC, to purchase iTunes vouchers as payment. Similarly, police and banks would never ask for your PIN or for you to hand cash and bank cards over to a courier.

"If you are suspicious of a call you receive, please hang up and report it to police. Remember to wait at least five minutes to ensure you aren't reconnected to the offender."

He added: "Please also share this advice with older relatives, friends and neighbours to help prevent them from becoming victims."

If you think you may have been a victim of a phone scam, please report it to police on the non-emergency number 101.

To receive information and associated advice about incidents in your local area, sign up to our free online messaging service, OWL
