```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 17 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following ABH assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-abh-assault-in-watford-1323
```

* ### Officers are investigating an assault in Watford.

 * ### The incident happened on Friday 12 February.

 * ### It was alleged that a man was hit multiple times with a wooden pole.

Officers investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident happened on Friday 12 February, at around 7.30am.

The victim was walking along Colonial Way, when he was approached by a man who allegedly hit him several times with a wooden pole.

It was reported that the suspect then fled the scene in a dark silver Toyota Yaris.

PC Adam Mitchell, who is investigating, said: "I know that some time has passed since the date of the incident, but we are ensuring that we conduct all possible lines of enquiry in order to progress this investigation.

"The victim sustained minor injuries in this attack, which was completely unprovoked. This took place in broad daylight, at a time when a number of people probably would have been driving to work.

"I would like to appeal to anyone who was in the area around the time specified, who has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle, to please review the footage in case you have captured anything significant. I would especially like to hear from you if you captured any footage of a silver Toyota Yaris near the area between 7.30am and 8am. Any information, even something that may seem relatively insignificant, could be key to our investigation."

If you have any information, you can contact PC Mitchell directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference **41/10489/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in new window).

**

**
