```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident that took place on the A1M by Stirling Corner on Friday 20 September are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses to A1M incident
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-to-a1m-incident-0801all
```

* ### Officers are investigating an incident which took place on the A1M last week.

 * ### A large group of motorcyclists created a rolling road block.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage.

Officers investigating an incident that took place on the A1M by Stirling Corner on Friday 20 September are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage.

At approximately 11.51pm, a group of eight motorcyclists created a rolling road block whilst travelling on the A1M Northbound towards Stevenage. They prevented any traffic from overtaking, and drove in a dangerous and aggressive manner.

Police intercepted the group in the Hatfield tunnel, and followed them to Stevenage. The pursuit was then called off for the safety of the public.

PC Christopher Dougherty, from the Stevenage Road Policing Unit, said: "This incident not only caused major congestion for anyone travelling Northbound on the A1M, it also put fellow drivers in danger. This kind of driving is unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. We are treating this as a serious offence.

"We are appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, and anyone who believes that they may have information that could assist us with our investigation, to please come forward as soon as possible.

"Specifically, we are asking for anyone that was driving in the area at the time to please review their dash cam footage. Please review your dash cam footage, and send it to us if you believe it could assist us with our investigation."

Anyone with information or footage is asked to contact PC Dougherty directly via email.

Report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/85565/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
