```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men were arrested at addresses in Alexander Road and High Street in London Colney on suspicion of possession of criminal property (money laundering) on Friday.
publish:
  date: 6 Jun 2018
title: Three men arrested for money laundering in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-men-arrested-for-money-laundering-in-london-colney-0330F
```

* ### Three men were arrested at addresses in Alexander Road and High Street.

 * ### Cash to the value of about £27,000; three Rolex watches, worth about £20,000 as well as thousands of pounds of expensive clothing and shoes were seized.

 * ### St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche reassures residents that police are proactively targeting criminals in London Colney.

Three men were arrested at addresses in Alexander Road and High Street in London Colney on suspicion of possession of criminal property (money laundering) on Friday.

Officers from the Operational Support Group (OSG)* arrested the men - who are aged 22, 30 and 36 and are from London Colney. They have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Cash to the value of about £27,000; three Rolex watches, worth about £20,000 as well as thousands of pounds of expensive clothing and shoes were seized.

St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche said: "As well as officers from the St Albans Community Safety Partnership, we also have the support of officers from specialist departments like OSG* who support us in targeting criminals, including drug dealers and burglars. A lot of their work is covert but they work alongside local intervention and safer neighbourhood officers. I'd like to reassure residents that we are proactively targeting criminals."
