```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a suspected arson at a stables in Brookmans Park are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following suspected arson at stables in Brookmans Park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-suspected-arson-at-stables-in-brookmans-park-0575b
```

* ### A stables in Brookmans Park have been destroyed in a suspected arson attack.

 * ### The incident happened between 9pm and 11pm on Thursday, July 12 and officers are appealing for witnesses.

 * ### Fortunately no animals were injured or killed but thousands of pounds worth of damage was caused by the fire.

Officers investigating a suspected arson at a stables in Brookmans Park are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident happened at Mymwood Padddocks in Kentish Lane between around 9pm and 11pm on Thursday 12 July.

During this time the horse stables caught fire, resulting in damage worth thousands of pounds.

The fire and rescue service were called and fortunately no animals were injured or killed.

Police are treating the incident as suspected arson and are now appealing for any witness or anyone with information to come forward.

In particular, officers would like to speak to two males who were seen near to the location after the fire as they may have witnessed what happened.

Any witnesses or anyone with information that could help the investigation should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/17092/18.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
