```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: On Wednesday 21 August an organised gang of burglars were jailed for more than 23 years at St Albans Crown Court.
publish:
  date: 27 Aug 2019
title: "Four people jailed for more than 23 years after \u2018trail of misery\u2019"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-people-jailed-for-more-than-23-years-after-trail-of-misery-0669
```

* ### Three men have been sent to prison whilst a woman received a suspended sentence.

 * ### The group stole more than £600,000 worth of cars from 32 burglaries.

 * ### They operated across four counties between April and October 2018.

On Wednesday 21 August an organised gang of burglars were jailed for more than 23 years at St Albans Crown Court.

The group operated across Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire and Essex where they targeted the homes of those with high value cars on their driveways.

They stole more than £660,000 worth of cars from 32 burglaries, which occurred between April and October 2018.

Thirty-six-year-old Dean Sarney of Derwent Road, Luton and John Sebborn, 35 and of Three Star Park, Lower Stondon were each sentenced to nine years and nine months imprisonment.

Craig Raeside, 43 and of Ridgeway Road, Luton was jailed for three years and nine months for his part in the series of offences.

The men targeted the homes at night time and stole easy to carry items such as handbags and wallets before stealing the occupants' car.

Sebborn's partner - Hayley Stansfield, 29 and of Hitchin Road, Luton - was sentenced to 14 months in jail, suspended for two years, for assisting an offender. She must carry out 240 hours' unpaid work.

Hertfordshire's Specialist Investigation Team headed up the investigation into the offences.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Paul Cullinan said: "These defendants operated as part of an organised criminal group committing a spree of offences across the home counties.

"They thought they were untouchable and displayed disdain for the law, but more importantly disdain for the victims of their crime.

"They left a trail of misery behind them and I hope they spend their time behind bars thinking about the devastation they have caused."
