```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released a CCTV image of a man who might be able to help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 25 Jul 2018
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-burglary-in-watford-0558C
```

* ### Between 8.30pm on Saturday, June 9 and 12.10pm the following day, offenders gained entry to a property in Norfolk Avenue.

 * ### The man pictured could have information that is vital to the investigation.

 * ### If you recognise him or have any other information about the burglary, call 101 quoting 41/6509/18.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released a CCTV image of a man who might be able to help with their enquiries.

Between 8.30pm on Saturday, June 9 and 12.10pm the following day, offenders gained entry to a property in Norfolk Avenue.

Once inside they drew the curtains before carrying out an untidy search. They took a large amount of jewellery including women and men's watches, necklaces and rings, which have great sentimental value to the victims.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as it is believed he could have information that is vital to the investigation.

Anyone who recognises the man, or has any other information about the burglary, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/6509/18.

You can also report information online police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
