```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents living in Hertsmere are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020
title: Have your say on policing priorities in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-your-say-on-policing-priorities-in-Hertsmere-0623J
```

* ### Tell us what you think we should be focusing on in Hertsmere

 * ### You can give your views anonymously now via the Constabulary's feedback service echo

Residents living in Hertsmere are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.

Ahead of the next Priority Setting Forum (PSF) meeting on Thursday, September 24, people are being asked to make suggestions on what they feel the Safer Neighbourhood Team should be focusing their efforts on over the coming months.

The Safer Neighbourhood Team are tasked with fixing short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour. They work closely with local partners including the council and schools to achieve this.

The feedback will be used to help shape neighbourhood priorities, initiatives and campaigns moving forward.

You can give your views anonymously now via the Constabulary's feedback service echo, using the following links:

 * **Borehamwood** \- bit.ly/police-bw
 * **Bushey** \- bit.ly/police-bushey
 * **Elstree** \- bit.ly/police-et
 * **Potters** **Bar** \- bit.ly/police-pb
 * **Radlett** \- bit.ly/police-radlett
 * **Shenley** \- bit.ly/police-shenley

Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Rachael Robertson said: "We are committed to working with local communities to help tackle any issues they may be facing. The echo platform is a great way for members of the public to engage with us and to help set our priorities for the coming months. If you would like to have your say, please submit your feedback as soon as possible."

_The echo service should not be used to report crime, this can be done in the following ways:_

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
