```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A serving police officer from Hertfordshire Constabulary has been shortlisted for the Positive Role Model Award for Disability at this year\u2019s National Diversity Awards (NDAs)."
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2018
title: Hertfordshire Police Officer shortlisted in UK diversity awards
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-police-officer-shortlisted-in-uk-diversity-awards-0560all
```

* ### A serving police officer who champions the rights of disabled people has been shortlisted for a national award.

 * ### Rob Gurney is a finalist in the National Diversity Awards for the accolade of Positive Role Model for Disability.

 * ### He is the founder and current national President of the Disabled Police Association and until recently led Hertfordshire Constabulary's internal disability group.

 * ### The winders will be announced at an awards night in Liverpool on September 14.

A serving police officer from Hertfordshire Constabulary has been shortlisted for the Positive Role Model Award for Disability at this year's National Diversity Awards (NDAs).

A total of 24,584 people were nominated for NDAs this year and 124 nominees from across the country are being recognised for their achievements.

Community organisations and role models will head to the Liverpool Anglican Cathedral on September 14 to witness the winners being crowned the best of British diversity.

Among those being honoured are freedom fighters, domestic violence campaigners and trans-rights activists, all of whom work to combat injustice and discrimination in very different ways.

**Rob Gurney, who has been shortlisted along with seven others for the Positive Role Model Award for Disability,** **said:** "I had no idea that I had been nominated for this award and it is a great honour, not only for myself but for the police service and Hertfordshire Constabulary in particular. It demonstrates wonderful recognition of the unseen work of voluntary disability networks providing peer support across the UK."

Rob is both the founder and current national President of the Disabled Police Association. Until June this year he led Hertfordshire Constabulary's internal disability group - Herts Disability & Carers Network - and speaks out on behalf of disabled people working in the police service both locally and nationally.

Rob suffered life changing injuries whilst protecting members of the public at the scene of a serious road collision on the M25 motorway on April 15, 2001. Following years of rehabilitation, he returned to operational duty as a police officer and is passionate about expounding the skills, experience and abilities that people with difference can bring to policing. That's what led him to launch the national Disabled Police Association back in 2012.

Over the last 17 years, Rob has supported many colleagues who have been injured or have become ill during police service. This is a voluntary role that he continues with great enthusiasm.

Nationally, Rob acts as the strategic link between the disability support groups within police forces across the UK and related national policing bodies such as the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC), the College of Policing, unions and the Police Federation.

In addition to his strategic role speaking out for disabled people, Rob is still working at grass roots level providing confidential peer support to a number of disabled, ill and injured people across the UK. Over time Rob has championed the introduction of policy changes that benefit those with assistance dogs that come into contact with the police.

He has worked in a variety of roles across the county ranging from frontline policing to major crime investigation and he previously served as staff officer to the Chief Constable.

Outside of work, Rob is renowned for promoting the ability of disabled people in society and he is well known for supporting the work of national disability charities such as Canine Partners, with whom he has built a strong bond over many years. He continues to campaign for better access for assistance dog users to taxis and licensed premises, highlighting legislative protection from discrimination. In addition to his charitable work Rob has conducted internationally acclaimed research into traffic technology and also has a doctorate in engineering.

**Hertfordshire Constabulary disability champion Superintendent Dean Patient said:** "I am delighted that Rob's work has been recognised in this way. He works tirelessly to support and promote disability awareness and inclusion, ensuring not only that our staff with a difference can reach their full potential but also that we ensure that the public have full and unhindered access to policing services."

Designed to highlight the country's most inspirational and selfless people, the NDAs continue to be endorsed by high profile figures such as Stephen Fry,

Sir Lenny Henry CBE and Graham Norton.

Radio 2 presenter and Scissor Sister favourite Ana Matronic will host this year's ceremony alongside television presenter Brian Dowling.

**Paul Sesay, Founder and CEO of the National Diversity Awards added:** "Congratulations to all of our shortlisted nominees, it is a privilege to recognise your bravery, resilience and courage and I am honoured to share this with the nation. I look forward to congratulating you in person in September."

To view a full list of nominees visit **.**

Rob Gurney
