```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Tring on Friday (11 September).
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-tring-0627
```

* ### Did you witness an altercation in Tring on Friday (11 September)?

 * ### It took place around 10pm in the High Street and Frogmore Street area.

 * ### Call 101 quoting crime reference 41/72967/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Tring on Friday (11 September).

Police were called to the High Street at around 10pm to reports of an altercation.

On attendance, officers discovered a man on nearby Frogmore Street with a slash-type injury to his abdomen.

Detective Constable Tom Hassall, who is investigating, said: "Did you witness a disturbance on the High Street or Frogmore Street on Friday night? Or do you have information which could assist the investigation?

"If so I'd like to hear from you.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at tom.hassall@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/72967/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
