```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault occasioning grievous bodily harm in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses who may have information that could help with their enquiries to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 29 Jul 2019
title: Witness appeal following an assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-an-assault-in-stevenage-0563e
```

* ### Officers are currently investigating a GBH which happened in Stevenage.

 * ### The incident occurred at 3.06am on Sunday 28 July in High Street, Old Town.

 * ### Anyone who may have information that could help the investigation are encouraged to contact 101, quoting 41/68230/19.

Officers investigating an assault occasioning grievous bodily harm in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses who may have information that could help with their enquiries to get in touch.

The incident took place at 3.06am on Sunday 28 July, in High Street, Old Town.

A man was standing outside Boots when he became involved in a verbal altercation with another man before he was punched and kicked.

He was later taken to hospital where he required stitches above his eye.

The suspect has been described as a black man in his late 20s or early 30s with a stocky build.

He wore a black T-shirt with dark coloured denim jeans, grey trainers with white soles and a gold coloured chain around his neck.

DC Darren Lomax from the Stevenage Case Investigation Team, who is investigating, said: "There was a large group of approximately 40 people who potentially witnessed the incident who may know who this man is.

"Please get in touch if you saw anything, no matter how small as it could help with our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Lomax via email at darren.lomax@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/68230/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
