```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal fail-to-stop collision in St Albans are re-appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2017
title: Re-appeal following a fatal fail-to-stop collision in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-following-a-fatal-fail-to-stop-collision-in-st-albans
```

* ### Police appeal for information and witnesses after a fatal fail-to-stop collision.

 * ### Incident happened in Camp Road, St Albans.

 * ### Occurred shortly after 8.20pm on Thursday, September 28.

 * ### Barbara Liddle, aged 76, sadly died at the scene.

Officers investigating a fatal fail-to-stop collision in St Albans are re-appealing for information and witnesses.

Shortly after 8.20pm on Thursday, September 28, Barbara Liddle, aged 76, was found lying in Camp Road with serious injuries by a member of the public. Officers and paramedics attended but she sadly died at the scene.

Her injuries are consistent with being hit by a moving vehicle, however there were no vehicles at the location on police arrival. An investigation is underway to establish the exact circumstances around the incident.

Detective Inspector Chris Puddy, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This is a very upsetting case where a woman has lost her life just by going about her daily routine. Her family are being supported by a specially-trained family liaison officer and officers are working hard to trace the person responsible.

"We are particularly interested in speaking to the drivers of a medium-sized light-coloured car, possibly a BMW, and a small dark-coloured hatchback. They were seen in the area around the time of the incident and may have information that could be vital to our investigation.

"We would also like to speak to anyone who was in Camp Road after 8pm, in particular any joggers and dog walkers. Did you see a vehicle leaving the scene with damage, or driving in an erratic manner?

"Are you a mechanic, or do you work in a garage? Have you repaired any vehicles with damage to their front end since Thursday, September 28? If so, we would be very keen to speak to you.

"To the person who was driving the vehicle involved, you have caused unimaginable pain and suffering to Barbara's family. You cut her life short and her loved ones now have to live without their mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. I am asking you to do the right thing and hand yourself in."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, however insignificant it may seem, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number **101** , quoting ISR 820 of September 28.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 11** 1 or through their Anonymous Online Form at http://www.crimestoppers-uk.org/. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
