```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "3000 years of sentencing\u2019s achieved by the Major Crime Unit, casualty reduction and denying criminals the use of our roads, offenders brought to justice for horrific road collisions, hundreds of arrests and seizures of drugs and cash, leading the way in forensics and training officers in specialist skills are just some of the highlights of the tenacious work undertaken by officers and staff which make up Joint Protective Services for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Constabularies."
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2018
title: Highlights from the teams serving under Joint Protective Services (2017/18)
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/highlights-from-the-teams-serving-under-Joint-Protective-Services201718-0354ALL
```

* ### Joint Protective Services for Beds, Cambs and Herts release a video showing the highlights of their work in the last year.

 * ### Nine specialist teams work under JPS including dogs, armed policing and the Major Crime Unit.

 * ### The teams work alongside force colleagues to keep our communities safe and have secured hundreds of a arrests and thousands of years of prison sentencings.

3000 years of sentencing's achieved by the Major Crime Unit, casualty reduction and denying criminals the use of our roads, offenders brought to justice for horrific road collisions, hundreds of arrests and seizures of drugs and cash, leading the way in forensics and training officers in specialist skills are just some of the highlights of the tenacious work undertaken by officers and staff which make up Joint Protective Services for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Constabularies.

 A video showcasing the work and successes they've achieved in the last financial year (2017/18) can be found here.

ACC Paul Fullwood who is in charge of Joint Protective Services said: "The nine specialist teams who work within Joint Protective Services are, on a daily basis, providing the highest levels of specialist policing services to the three counties. I am proud of them and proud to serve in this role alongside colleagues in the three forces to make our counties even safer. Protecting the public, keeping people safe and supporting victims and their families truly is at the heart of what we do and will continue to do."

The units under the JPS Command are:

 • Armed Policing Unit

• Civil Contingencies Unit

• Camera Tickets and Collisions

• Dog Unit

• Forensic Collision Investigation Unit

• Operational Planning and Support Unit

• Road Policing Unit

• Major Crime Unit

• Scientific Services Unit

 ACC Fullwood continued: "As I am sure you will understand, policing can be hard for so many reasons and my staff face some truly challenging times. In the last year our policing units have risen to the challenge during the periods where the terrorism threat level went to critical.

"As you will see from the video, members of the public have described our staff as professional, dedicated, compassionate and caring amongst other things. This is so very true and I would like to thank each and every one of them for the contribution they make to our communities. I would also like to thank their families for the support they give, without which, the job would be even harder."

Don't forget you can follow the work of our JPS units on social media:

@ACC_Fullwood

@BCHPoliceDogs / www.facebook.com/BCHPoliceDogs

@BCH_OPSU

@roadpoliceBCH
