```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirteen was our lucky number last month when this great bunch formally passed out and became police officers.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2019
title: "Lucky 13 join the force. Think: \u2018They did you can\u2019"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Lucky-13-join-the-force-think-they-did-you-can-0985
```

* ### Four women and nine men police officers welcomed into the force

 * ### Think #TheyDidYouCan and register for our insight event

 * ### Two policing career insight events being held on Saturday 16 November

Thirteen was our lucky number last month when this great bunch formally passed out and became police officers.

The four women and nine men - including an ex-prison officer, a printer, a plumber and five former Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) - were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary at a special graduation ceremony last month.

They completed a 16-week training course before starting their first shifts at their local stations across the county, putting into practice all they learned.

The training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

If you'd like to follow in their footsteps, why not come along to an insight event at police headquarters in Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, on Saturday 16 November?

Chief Inspector Pete Frost, from the Constabulary's Workforce Development department, said: "We're recruiting to all kinds of roles: Police Officers, Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and volunteer police officers roles and will have speakers at the insight events from each profession answering questions so you can learn more about the roles. Uniquely this time, we have a women-only session as we know female candidates often think there are barriers to them applying to policing roles - myths that we can bust!"

He added: "When our latest recruits passed out, parading in front of their families and their new chief inspectors, they were rightly proud of their achievements and I know they will go on to have fulfilling careers. If you're considering a policing career, think: 'They did you can'.

"Joining Hertfordshire Constabulary gives you the chance to be a part of a team that is passionate about your personal development, career progression, positively contributing to our local community and offer a welcoming, supportive workplace to people with different life experiences and backgrounds."

On Saturday 16 November, we have two policing career insight events. The 10am session is for women-only - register at socsi.in/mBBE3 - and the 1pm event is open to everyone. Register at socsi.in/aPD29

For more information, email _MoreThanAUniform@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to recruiting a workforce that reflects the communities it serves and protects. We provide advice and support, including mentoring to candidates from under-represented backgrounds through our 'positive action' scheme, and regular advice sessions which are open to everyone.

If you think you'd benefit from positive action support through your recruitment journey, you can email _positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk_ to find out more.
