```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of David Edgar, who passed away following a road traffic collision last week, have paid tribute to the 62-year-old from Luton.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2018
title: Tribute to David Edgar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-david-edgar-0302G
```

* ### The family of David Edgar have paid tribute to a 'caring husband, father, grandfather and friend'.

 * ### David sadly passed away following a collision on the Hitchin Road between Hexton and Pegsdon just before 1.15pm on Wednesday, May 30.

 * ### If you have any information and have not yet spoken to police, please call 101 quoting ISR 355 of May 30.

The family of David Edgar, who passed away following a road traffic collision last week, have paid tribute to the 62-year-old from Luton.

The following statement is from his children Catherine, Iain and Vicki:

**_Dave was a kind man with a heart full of warmth and kindness for those that knew him._**

**_He always thought of others ahead of himself, when perhaps he should have been more selfish, but that just wasn 't Dave._**

**_He was a caring husband, father, grandfather and friend._**

**_Dave had struggled to come to terms with the death of his wife, our mother, in late 2016, however, in recent months had begun to look forward to life again with a big smile on his face._**

**_This tragic event has left us dazed and broken. We will miss Dave more than words can express._**

The following statement is from David's brother, Eric:

**_David was just bouncing back from the recent loss of his wife and recovering from a life-changing illness._**

**_His sudden and unnecessary death has left his family and friends devastated._**

**_He was one of life 's most generous, decent, hard-working and caring people. He was our rock._**

**_His family and friends will never forget him. David, we miss you so much - may you rest in peace._**

David passed away in hospital after his silver Kia Picanto was in collision with a black Audi Quattro RS on the B655 Hitchin Road, between Hexton and Pegsdon, just before 1.15pm on Wednesday, May 30.

If you witnessed what happened and have not yet spoken to police, or have any further information that could assist with the investigation, please email FCIUsouth@Herts.pnn.police.uk, report online or call 101 quoting ISR 355 of May 30.

The family have now asked for privacy to mourn the loss of David.

Tribute to David Edgar
