```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A safety awareness day aimed at supporting the Hertfordshire British Sign Language Deaf community has proved a success.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2018
title: Safety awareness day for Deaf community proves a success
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/safety-awareness-day-for-deaf-community-proves-a-success-2128C
```

* ### The event was organised by Herts Police and Watford Community Housing Trust.

 * ### More than 25 people attended to get advice and information.

 * ### Important feedback was also provided around how police can better support the Deaf community.

A safety awareness day aimed at supporting the Hertfordshire British Sign Language Deaf community has proved a success.

Held at Watford's Harebreaks Community Hub on Tuesday (November 20), the event saw around 25 people attend to get advice and information from a number of organisations.

Superintendent Dean Patient opened proceedings alongside the town's Deputy Mayor Karen Collett.

Presentations were then given by a number of speakers including representatives from the police, Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and Trading Standards. Topics covered included crime prevention, cybercrime, fraud and fire safety.

Debby Curtis-England, the dedicated Police Liaison Officer for the Deaf (PLOD), provided interpretation throughout the event and also promoted her role, which aims to support Deaf people to access police services. She also gives advice and information to witnesses and victims of crime and advises police officers and staff.

"As well as receiving advice on a range of topics, this event also allowed members of our Deaf community to provide us with some useful feedback around how we can move forward in supporting them," said Debby. "There are barriers which often prevent people reporting issues and concerns to police and we want to do everything we can to address this."

The event was organised by Watford's Neighbourhood Watch Liaison Officer Philip Waine and Colette Coakley from Watford Community Housing Trust, which runs the Watford Deaf Sports and Social Club.

Philip said: "The feedback has been great and I'm pleased the event was such a success. We want to do all we can to support members of our community and will look to hold similar events in future."

** **
