```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Responsible for running a team of six neighbourhood officers and six PCSOs, Sergeant Leah McDermott has taken on the role of Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Bushey and Radlett.
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2017
title: Meet the new Bushey and Radlett Neighbourhood Sergeant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-the-new-bushey-and-radlett-neighbourhood-sergeant
```

* ### New Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Bushey and Radlett.

 * ### Leah McDermott takes on the role from Acting Sergeant Tom Prior.

 * ### Sergeant McDermott has over 15 years' service with Hertfordshire.

Responsible for running a team of six neighbourhood officers and six PCSOs, Sergeant Leah McDermott has taken on the role of Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Bushey and Radlett. Her predecessor Acting Sergeant Tom Prior is now covering the Borehamwood and Elstree neighbourhood team. Sergeant McDermott, who has over 15 years' service with Hertfordshire, took up the post last month (September).

"I'm really pleased to have a neighbourhood role and especially pleased to be in Bushey and Radlett as I've spent the majority of my career in Hertsmere," she said: "This is a completely new role for me and but I am thoroughly enjoying helping residents deal with short and longer-term issues that are affecting their quality of life with the help of our partner agencies, including Hertsmere Borough Council. No-one should have to put up with crime or anti-social behaviour and my team and I will do everything in our power to help improve residents' quality of life."

Sergeant McDermott joined the Force as a civilian in the Force Control Room before joining as a police officer in 2002. She was stationed in St Albans as an intervention officer before being promoted to Sergeant three years later and transferring to Borehamwood. She worked as a Custody Sergeant. "I really enjoyed this role. It was challenging every day, but frustrating that people didn't take responsibility for their actions. It was the same people being arrested in the same places for the same offences. So I'm glad to have a different focus - I want to help people who want to help themselves. Instead of covering Hertsmere as a Police Sergeant, I'm now covering a much smaller geographical area, which means I can spend time resolving residents' problems."

She said: "The issues that Bushey and Radlett residents are telling us they are concerned about is inconsiderate parking, especially during school pick up and drop off times, young people doing wheelies in the road and fly-tipping. These are our current neighbourhood priorities." To find out what is of concern to other groups, Sergeant McDermott will be making sure her team of officers attend public events so that they can interact with residents, especially the harder the reach members of the community. She said: "We asked if we could come along to offer support to the elder Asian women in Bushey at a coffee morning recently, so they knew who to contact should they need to and we could remind them about making sure any of their high value gold is kept safe and secure from opportunist burglars. We will be attending public events, so we can interact with the public and provide a reassuring police presence, instead of running local neighbourhood surgeries, which were usually poorly attended.

"As well as listening to local residents, my team will be executing warrants and being highly visible, spending the majority of their time out on the streets."

The team is also working with Youth Connexions Hertfordshire's 'Bushey Wheels' (motorcycle) youth project which encourages young people to learn to ride motorcycles in a safe environment, learn basic mechanic skills and provides young people with interesting and challenging alternatives to becoming involved in anti-social behaviour.

She said: "On other occasions, we will work with residents and other agencies, including housing associations, to deal with issues of concern. Parents of young people causing anti-social behaviour can have their tenancy agreements reviewed. We can also look at Community Prevention Warnings and Community Prevention Notices as well as Criminal Behaviour Orders, providing activities for young people and increasing high-visibility and covert police patrols."

She continued: "Anti-social behaviour is closely linked to thefts, burglaries and drugs, so by helping to prevent anti-social behaviour, we can prevent other associated crime and therefore reduce the number of victims.

"I'm lucky to have a great team of police officers and PCSOs from diverse backgrounds with a wealth of experience and a common goal of wanting to make a difference. Bushey and Radlett are great places to live and I would like to reassure residents that we can help resolve issues but we also need residents to do their bit by reporting crime and anti-social behaviour to us and by joining local organisations like Neighbourhood Watch."

Policing is in Sergeant McDermott's blood as her husband, served in Hertfordshire before transferring to British Transport Police and her father was a police Inspector in Hertford. She said: "My father didn't want me to join up, but he was massively proud of me when I did." She also has cousins who have served in the Met.

Sergeant McDermott is aged 43, lives in Bedfordshire, enjoys her fitness and is a school governor.

If you are interesting in joining Neighbourhood Watch, log on to www.owl.co.uk, speak to your local PCSO or email Watch Liaison Officer Derrick Sweeney at derrick.sweeney@herts.pnn.police.uk.
