```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged and remanded after a teenage girl was robbed in Watford.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: "Man charged and remanded in connection with robbery \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-robbery-watford-0337
```

* ### Jamie Bishop, aged 27, has been charged with robbery and obstructing police in connection with an incident in Watford town centre

 * ### A 15 year old girl was dragged by her hair before her mobile phone was snatched in St Mary's churchyard

 * ### Officers arrested the suspect just over an hour after the offence was called in, and the girl has since been reunited with her phone

A man has been charged and remanded after a teenage girl was robbed in Watford.

Jamie Bishop, aged 27, of no fixed address, has been charged with robbery and obstructing police in connection with an incident in Watford town centre at 1.45pm on Monday (6 July).

The victim, a 15 year old girl, was sitting on a bench in St Mary's churchyard when a man approached her. He tried to snatch her mobile phone from her hand but when she resisted, the man dragged her by her hair.

He managed to grab the phone from her before running off in the direction of the High Street.

The police were called and the suspect was detained nearby by officers from the Watford Town Centre Safer Neighbourhood Team, just over an hour after the offence. The victim's phone has since been recovered and returned to her.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "This was an understandably shocking and upsetting incident for the young victim and we continue to support both her and her family as the investigation moves forward.

"We take reports of personal robberies extremely seriously and thanks to the quick-thinking of officers in the Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team, I am pleased to say an arrest was made shortly after the offence took place.

"We will now await the court date and allow the judicial process to take its course."

Bishop has been remanded in custody ahead of his next scheduled appearance at St Albans Crown Court on 8 August.
