```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Young people, parents and professionals in Hertfordshire are being invited to an online event to listen to former gang members and victims recounting their experiences of violent crime.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2020
title: Young people invited to online Lives Not Knives event
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/young-people-invited-to-online-lives-not-knives-event-0752
```

* ### Young people invited to online event about gangs and violent crime

 * ### Former gang member and victims talk about the dangers

 * ### The event is being live streamed on Instagram @entercareermode

Young people, parents and professionals in Hertfordshire are being invited to an online event to listen to former gang members and victims recounting their experiences of violent crime.

The Lives Not Knives event, hosted by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Gangs and Schools Team, will be broadcast on Instagram tomorrow (Tuesday 20 October) between 6pm and 7.30pm. The online event will feature inspirational guest speakers, who will share their own experiences of knife crime and gang culture.

The guest speakers will be Alison Cope and Darren Awolesi, who will talk first-hand about the devastating consequence that violence has had on their lives. There will also be a pre-recorded interview with one of our young people talking about his experiences of violent crime. The event will finish up with a powerful piece written and performed by spoken word artist Quinton Green.

The event is being live streamed on the @entercareermode Instagram channel and can be accessed here on Microsoft Teams.

Sergeant Helen Croughton from the Gangs and Schools team said: "Our online events have been very successful and we've had great feedback from those who joined us. It's a great way to reach out to young people and give them the chance to listen to people who have real experience of dealing with the challenges that anyone can find themselves in. It's a great opportunity to learn from the experiences of others about how to avoid making the wrong choices.

"I would like to thank the speakers who are taking part and sharing their stories, Herts Sports Partnership and our partner agencies who have been involved in making this event possible."

Anyone who is concerned about gang or knife crime can call the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101. Young people who need help and advice about these issues can visit: www.herts.police.uk/cyp.
