```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Watford.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-watford-0130c
```

* ### Between 9.30am and 10.15am on Saturday, April 20, a woman gained entry to a property in Radlett Road.

 * ### She made off through the front door and towards the Radlett Road estate.

 * ### If you can help, contact DC Jon Holmes on 101 or at jonathan.holmes2@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference 41/35752/19.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Watford.

Between 9.30am and 10.15am on Saturday, April 20, a woman gained entry to a property in Radlett Road.

After being disturbed by an occupant of the address, she then made off through the front door and towards the Radlett Road estate.

The offender stole jewellery and cash.

She is described as mixed race, of large build and with black frizzy hair in two bunches. She was wearing a bright coloured top with dark bottoms and trainers. She also had a black backpack and a dark coloured bag.

Detective Constable Jon Holmes, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who might have caught dash cam footage of the woman running away from the address.

"If you can help, please get in touch through email or through the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/35752/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
