```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A former children\u2019s entertainer who worked in Broxbourne, Cheshunt and surrounding areas has been jailed for 16 years for sexual offences against children."
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2018
title: "Former children\u2019s entertainer sentenced to 16 years in prison for non-recent sexual assaults"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/former-childrens-entertainer-sentenced-to-16years-in-prison-for-non-recent-sexual-assaults-1899K
```

* ### Former children's entertainer jailed for 16 years of sexual offences against children.

 * ### Charles Mason, aged 65, was well-known for his performances as Marmaduke the Clown and had a collection of exotic animals.

 * ### The offences occurred between 1985 and 2001 when Mason lived in Turnford and Hoddesdon.

 * ### Judge Marie Catterson told Mason he exploited his position for his own gratification.

A former children's entertainer who worked in Broxbourne, Cheshunt and surrounding areas has been jailed for 16 years for sexual offences against children.

Charles Mason, aged 65, of Abridge Road, Theydon Bois in Epping, was charged with 16 counts of non-recent sexual offences against children.

The offences occurred between 1985 and 2001 when Mason lived in Turnford and Hoddesdon. At that time he was well known in the local community for his performances as Marmaduke the Clown and his collection of exotic animals.

Mason continued to do exotic animal shows through his company Impeyan Productions until it closed down following his arrest in August 2017.

On Wednesday, September 26, Mason was found guilty by a jury at St Albans Crown Court where he was remanded in custody for sentencing.

He appeared at court today (October 11) where Judge Marie Catterson jailed him and also made him subject of a 20 year long Sexual Harm Prevention Order upon his release from prison.

Judge Catterson told Mason: "You earned your living as a children's entertainer who kept exotic animals, you were an object of fascination to youngsters who were keen to visit you. You exploited that for your own gratification, you were significantly older than your victims."

She added: "The effect of such abuse on those subjected to it is incalculable and profound."

Mason was arrested last summer after a victim bravely came forward and reported that he was sexually assaulted in a flat in Turnford when he was 12-13 years old during the 1980s.

Enquiries by officers, including work with the NSPCC identified a further four victims - all men who were aged between 12 and 20 when the offences occurred.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Daniel Piper said: "Mason used his position of trust as a children's entertainer to abuse young boys and it was more than 30 years before one of the victims felt able to come forward and speak to police. His bravery led to us identifying more victims, arresting Mason and bringing him to justice.

"The victims in this case have lived with what happened to them for much of their childhood and their entire adult lives. I would like to commend them for their bravery in speaking to police and supporting this prosecution and I hope that the knowledge that Mason is now behind bars, where he will remain well into his old age, will bring them some closure to their ordeal.

"We believe there may be other victims who have not yet spoken to police about Mason and I would urge them to come forward. We have specially trained offices to deal with these types of non-recent offences and your case will be handled in a professional, compassionate and sensitive manner.

"We understand that victims of a sexual offence may not want to speak to the police in the first instance.

"Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact the Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

"To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email or visit.

_" This service is open to everyone - men, women and young people, no matter how long ago the abuse occurred." _

Charles Mason, aged 65
