```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2020
title: "Assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-bishops-stortford-1523e
```

* ## The incident occurred in Parsonage Lane, at around 11.15pm on Saturday 22 February.

 * ## A woman sustained a laceration under her eye which required hospital treatment.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should contact Investigator Ryan Lloyd by calling 101 or emailing ryan.lloyd@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred in Parsonage Lane, at around 11.15pm on Saturday 22 February.

It was reported that a man and woman were walking along the road when an altercation ensued.

The woman subsequently sustained a laceration under her eye which required hospital treatment.

Investigator Ryan Lloyd said: "This is being treated as an isolated incident, between people who are believed to be known to each other and our enquiries are continuing at this time.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or events leading up to it, to please get in touch. If you have any other information which you believe may assist, we'd also like to hear from you."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/16593/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

 * A 24-year-old man from Wales has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been bailed until Friday 20 March while enquiries continue.
