```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted burglary in Watford.
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following attempted burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-burglary-in-watford-1343c
```

* ## At around 4.20am on Tuesday 9 March, a white male attempted to open the front door of a property in Widgeon Way.

 * ## He then walked away and was quickly followed by another male.

 * ## If you can help, call 101 or email DS Helen Dickson quoting crime reference 41/17246/21.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted burglary in Watford.

At around 4.20am on Tuesday 9 March, a white male wearing a ghost facemask attempted to open the front door of a property in Widgeon Way. He then walked away and was quickly followed by another male who appeared to have been crouching down behind a wall in the front garden.

Both made off in the direction of the Meriden shops.

Detective Sergeant Helen Dickson, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch. It was early in the morning but perhaps someone travelling to or from work might have seen something. Were you in the area? Did you see or hear anything suspicious? One of the males was wearing a distinctive facemask which may have caught your attention.

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital for our investigation. If you were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please check it and contact us if you spot something that might help us.

"You can get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email DS Helen Dickson quoting crime reference 41/17246/21."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo (opens in a new window) _and tell us your thoughts.
