```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigators are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision near to Croxley Green on Monday (4 November).
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal following fatal road traffic collision near Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-near-croxley-green-0979
```

* ### We are appealing for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision near Croxley Green.

 * ### It took place on Monday 4 November around 9.15pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/99957/19 if you were a witness or have further information.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision near to Croxley Green on Monday (4 November).

At around 9.15pm police, the ambulance service and fire service were called to reports of a one vehicle road traffic collision on Sarratt Road.

A black Honda Civic had been travelling southbound, left the road and collided with a tree, sadly the driver died at the scene.

Sergeant Simon Cooper of the Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the driver at this sad time.

"We are investigating the cause of what happened and would like to hear from anyone who saw the collision or may have seen the vehicle prior to the incident.

"If you were in the area around 9pm last night and have a dash cam please review the footage and send in anything of relevance."

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/99957/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
