```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A warrant was executed at a property in Borehamwood this morning, Friday 4 December, with a man questioned on suspicion of COVID-19-related international purchase fraud.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2020
title: Man questioned on suspicion of international fraud following warrant in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-questioned-on-suspicion-of-international-fraud-following-warrant-in-borehamwood-0944
```

* ### Warrant executed in Borehamwood

 * ### Foreign currency, technology and financial information seized

 * ### Man in his 40s questioned on suspicion of COVID-19 fraud

A warrant was executed at a property in Borehamwood this morning, Friday 4 December, with a man questioned on suspicion of COVID-19-related international purchase fraud.

Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit carried out the operation at an address in Bracken Close.

Following a search of the property, a large amount of financial documentation and foreign currency were seized, along with media storage devices and a mobile phone.

A man in his 40s was later questioned on suspicion of international purchase fraud out of police custody and enquiries continue.

Detective Constable Carmine Zanfardino, investigating officer from the Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "We have received numerous reports from large overseas companies who have bought PPE equipment online but it has never been received and we have been working hard behind the scenes to address the situation.

"Unfortunately, the pandemic has created opportunities for fraudsters to thrive. Firms as far away as Hong Kong, Iran and Venezuela have reported suspected fraud sometimes running into tens of thousands of pounds.

"We will take whatever action we can to target suspected fraud and bring offenders to justice."

Visit actionfraud.police.uk or herts.police.uk/protectyourmoney for advice on avoiding scams.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
