```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Tracking down shoplifters, searching for missing people and talking crime prevention with residents \u2013 it\u2019s all in a day\u2019s work for Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s newest Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs)."
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2019
title: "Hertfordshire\u2019s new PCSOs are on the beat"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshires-new-pcsos-are-on-the-beat-0556
```

* ### Sixteen new PCSOs have graduated.

 * ### They are already working in their local areas.

 * ### The role of a PCSO is paid and there are opportunities for flexible working.

Tracking down shoplifters, searching for missing people and talking crime prevention with residents - it's all in a day's work for Hertfordshire Constabulary's newest Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs).

Sixteen new recruits graduated a fortnight ago, welcomed to the force by Hertfordshire Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd.

After seven weeks' training, the PCSOs have been assigned to Safer Neighbourhood Teams across the county and have started working with the community to improve the quality of life for residents and make their area safer, by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said: "I see strong value in our continued investment in our PCSOs because they have a vital role in intelligence gathering and they get to know the communities in our towns and villages.

"They are a key part of neighbourhood policing in Hertfordshire and I know anyone joining the team will find the role exciting and varied."

The role of a PCSO is paid and there are opportunities for people who wish to work part-time or flexible hours. The role involves shift work, including working some weekends and evenings to 11pm.

Anyone who is interested in finding out more about the role can visit www.hertspolicepcso.co.uk

The 16 PCSOs are:

**Broxbourne CSP, Cheshunt East - Luke Rayson**, 22, who used to work in construction, has really enjoyed his first weeks.
He said: "I always get a real buzz out of being able to help people out or assisting with a task which has a really rewarding outcome, sometimes even a life-changing outcome. I am really looking forward to engaging with the public, getting to know the locals and having a positive impact on the community."

**Dacorum CSP, Berkhamsted & Tring - David Morton**

**East Herts CSP, East Herts Rural - Mark Rippon**

**Hertsmere CSP, Bushey & Radlett - Sarah Webb**

**North Herts CSP, Hitchin Rural - Rebecca O'Driscoll**

**North Herts CSP, Hitchin Urban - Graham Paterson**

**North Herts CSP, Hitchin Urban - Cynthia Combe**

**St Albans CSP, Harpenden & Rural - Filip Wozniak**, 19, who previously worked in McDonald's, said: "I've been shadowing experienced PCSOs, learning about the role, learning computer systems and procedures. They've been telling me what to look out for, what to do and not do and show me around their wards. I'm really enjoying it and I feel I can understand the community's needs and concerns. I'm looking forward to meeting the people of my ward."

**St Albans CSP, St Albans Central - Ilias Poulakis**

**Stevenage CSP, Stevenage North - Lewis McClatchie**, 22, who used to work in IT support, said: "I am really looking forward to future work as a PCSO. I have always wanted to work in a role that can have the opportunity to make a difference, and I hope to be able make a real impact in my local residents' lives. My first experiences in the role have been nothing but positive, and I am confident this will continue."

**Stevenage CSP, Stevenage South - Jack Laycock**, 21, said: "I have always wanted to do a job which involves working with members of the public and where I can make a difference. I'm familiar with my beat because I grew up locally and I'm really looking forward to taking on the challenges in Welwyn Garden City, getting to know the local residents and working with partner agencies."

**Three Rivers CSP, Abbotts Langley & Chorleywood - Robyn Smyth**, 18, who recently left Oaklands College after studying for her A-levels, said: "I've been helping gather witness statements, doing high visibility patrol around different areas and gathering and putting in intelligence on various different jobs we have come across, as well as getting to know the area and community. Every day is exciting, challenging and different. I wanted to take on this role to engage and help the community whilst working alongside a supportive team."

**Watford CSP, Watford North - Bogdan Necsoiu**

**Welwyn Hatfield CSP, Welwyn Hatfield North - Sam Murphy**, who used to be a lighting technician in the live events industry, said: "I've always wanted a job which involves working with a variety of different people, where I can make a difference in the community. I have had a really good first week and have enjoyed putting things I have learnt in training into practice."

**Welwyn Hatfield CSP, Welwyn Hatfield South - Francesca Mitchell**, who used to work at Lister Hospital, in Stevenage, said: "When I was growing up I always wanted to make a difference and work with the public and I am so grateful that I now can do both. I am very excited to get to know my community."

**Welwyn Hatfield CSP, Welwyn Hatfield West - Nick Doe**, 34, has really enjoyed work so far, with tasks including a missing person search, tracking down a shoplifter and working on an information stall at Asda, in Hatfield.
He said: "I've always wanted a career working with people where I can make a difference, something to be proud of. I have found that as a PCSO and I look forward to building a safer community for all."
