```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal following collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-in-stevenage-1008
```

* ### The incident happened around 2.15pm on 6 November.

 * ### A Citroen C3 was found abandoned in Stevenage.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage.

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision in Stevenage.

At around 2.15am on Wednesday 6 November, officers located an abandoned grey Citroen C3, which had crashed into a kerb near the roundabout of the Martins Road/Canterbury Way junction.

PC Chris Brown, who is investigating, said: "We are investigating the circumstances surrounding this incident, and we are hoping to piece together the vehicle's movements prior to the collision.

"Anyone who was also in the area around that time, who may have witnessed the collision or seen the car being driven beforehand, is asked to contact us.

"Alternatively, if you were driving in the area around that time, and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage and send us anything you think could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact PC Brown directly via email at _Chris.Brown@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/100324/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.

 * A 31-year-old man from Stevenage was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs and remains under investigation.
