```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage following an incident on the M1 near Watford.
publish:
  date: 27 Jan 2020
title: Did you see a white Mini Cooper driving erratically on the M1?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-see-a-white-mini-cooper-driving-erratically-on-the-m1-1335c
```

* ## Did you see a white Mini Cooper driving erratically on the M1 northbound near Watford on Sunday 19 January?

 * ## It happened at around 12.40pm after police signalled for the vehicle to stop.

 * ## Officers are now appealing for dash cam footage and witnesses to the incident.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage following an incident on the M1 near Watford.

On Sunday 19 January at around 12.40pm, officers travelling on the M1 near junction 5 (Watford) northbound signalled for a white Mini Cooper to stop.

The vehicle had been linked to a reported shoplifting in Watford earlier the same day.

However the driver failed to stop for police and began driving in an erratic manner. Officers then chose to call off the pursuit at junction 9 (Redbourn) in the interest of public safety.

PC Erik Gale, who is investigating, said: "As with any motorway during the day, there were a lot of other motorists travelling on the northbound carriageway at the time of the pursuit. We are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed a white Mini Cooper being driven at high speed.

"We are particularly interested in hearing from anyone who was travelling on the M1 at the time of the incident and has dash cam footage to share with us."

If you have dash cam footage or any other information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/5864/20.**

You can email, report information online, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
