```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two men have been sentenced for fraud offences perpetrated against their employer, stealing more than \xA317,000 from the company."
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2020
title: Two sentenced for fraud by false representation offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-sentenced-for-fraud-by-false-representation-offences-0458
```

* ### Two men defrauded employer of more than £17,000

 * ### They plead guilty at St Albans Crown Court

 * ### They were given a suspended sentences totalling 14 months

Two men have been sentenced for fraud offences perpetrated against their employer, stealing more than £17,000 from the company.

Both men we were working at the John Lewis department store in Welwyn Garden City, when the offences occurred. From February 2019, they were claiming refunds on items not purchased from the store and then using the credit to buy new items which they kept.

Both men appeared at St Albans Crown Court on 25 September pleading guilty to two counts of fraud by false representation.

Charles Windley, aged 22, of Fore Street, Hertford, was sentenced to 10 months imprisonment suspended for 18 months and will be electronically monitored for four months with a curfew 8pm-6am. He will also carry out 150 hours unpaid work and pay compensation of £10,842.64 within 12 months.

Michael Coumas, aged 27, of Bridle Close, Hoddesdon, was sentenced to 4 months imprisonment suspended for 18 months and a three month electronically monitored curfew 8pm-6am. He will also carry out 100 hours unpaid work and pay compensation of £3,086.90 within 28 days.

Investigator Linda Bunton, from the Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "This will come as a welcome end to the ordeal for the employer, to see that these offenders have admitted their guilt and will be made to pay compensation. The sentences reflect the seriousness of the offences but has spared these young men custodial sentences and given them the chance to reform and pay back their former employer and the community."

You can report information about crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
