```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and are urging people to remain vigilant after a series of shed fires at the allotments on Bedford Road and two other locations in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 12 Jan 2018
title: Police urge for information and vigilance after shed fires in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-urge-for-information-and-vigilance-after-shed-fires-in-Letchworth-1451
```

* ### **A number of shed fires have happened in Letchworth**

 * ### **Most of the sheds have been destroyed**

 * ### **Those responsbile are putting lives at risk and will face serious consequences when caught**

 * ### **Anyone with information is asked to come forward**

Police are appealing for information and are urging people to remain vigilant after a series of shed fires at the allotments on Bedford Road and two other locations in Letchworth.

The first crime happened at the Bedford Road allotments between December 18 and January 10, when a shed's pane of glass was smashed and an attempt was made to set fire to the items stored inside. (Crime reference G2/18/70).

Three further incidents also happened at the same allotments on January 10 where sheds were fully set alight and destroyed. (Crime references G2/18/68, G2/18/69 and G2/18/88).

A greenhouse on Hawthorne Hill and a shed on Grange Road were also destroyed by fire on January 11. (Crime references not available).

Currently, officers are not ruling out that the fires on Bedford Road and the other two locations could be linked.

**Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Alan Clarke, said: "**We are taking these crime very seriously. This type of wanton vandalism can easily develop into a situation where the lives of members of the public and the emergency services are put in danger.

"The incidents are clearly deliberate, criminal acts which we are investigating thoroughly and are utilising every means available to us. Such mindless acts put an increased demand on the already stretched Fire Service and Police, meaning we are less able to respond to genuine emergencies.

"The crimes are anti-social by their very nature and cause both immense financial loss to victims, as well as inconvenience to the community as a whole. Anybody found to be involved will face serious consequences. I would urge anyone who has witnessed suspicious behaviour in the affected areas, or who may know who is responsible, to please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team on the non-emergency number 101, quoting the crime reference number above. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
