```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Operational Support Group and Operation Scorpion executed a warrant at an address in North Road, Waltham Cross on Wednesday, February 6.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2019
title: Cannabis factory discovered in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-factory-discovered-in-walthamcross-2542k
```

* ### A cannabis factory was discovered in Waltham Cross, housing more than 200 plants.

 * ### It's estimated the plants had a yield worth around £25,000.

 * ### Officers from the Operational Support Group and Operation Scorpion continue the fight against the supply of drugs.

Officers from the Operational Support Group and Operation Scorpion executed a warrant at an address in North Road, Waltham Cross on Wednesday, February 6.

On searching the property a cannabis factory was discovered.

More than 200 plants were found and seized, which had been grown in five rooms. Hydroponic equipment was also removed from the property.

It's estimated that the plants had a yield worth around £25,000.

No-one has been arrested at this stage.

Chief Inspector for Broxbourne Craig Flint said: "We are continuing to target people suspected of being involved with the cultivation and supply of drugs, sending a clear message to them that we will take positive action when we receive intelligence.

"We rely on our communities supporting this work and so I'd ask anyone with information about the supply of drugs to contact us via the non-emergency number 101, or to report information online."

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

You can look out for the following signs of cannabis being grown in your community:

 * A strong and sickly sweet smell
 * Lighting and ventilation equipment being taken into the house
 * Windows always covered or blocked off
 * People coming and going at all hours or neighbours you never see
 * Strong and constant lighting at all hours
 * High levels of condensation
 * Constant buzz of ventilation equipment
 * Lots of power cables around the property
