```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Berkhamsted man has been jailed for two years after assaulting his pregnant former partner.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2018
title: Berkhamsted man jailed for assaults on pregnant woman
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Berkhamsted-man-jailed-for-assaults-on-pregnant-woman-1565D
```

* ### Umar Sheikh, 25, from Berkhamsted, jailed for assaults on pregnant partner.

 * ### Sheikh punched the woman causing a suspected fracture to eye socket.

 * ### Anyone affected by domestic abuse can contact the Herts helpline on 08 088 088 088 or visit www.hertssunflower.org for support.

A Berkhamsted man has been jailed for two years after assaulting his pregnant former partner.

Umar Sheikh, aged 25 and of St Edmunds, pleaded guilty following two incidents reported to Hertfordshire Constabulary.

In September 2017 he spat and slapped the woman before physically ejecting her from their flat, causing her bruising.

Then a month later, while that incident was still being investigated, Sheikh punched the woman in the face following an argument. As a result she suffered a suspected fractured eye socket and detached retina. He then got into her car and drove it off before damaging it in a collision.

Sheikh pleaded guilty to assault by beating, assault causing actual bodily harm and driving with no insurance.

On January 25 he was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court to a total of 21 months in prison for these offences and a further three in relation to previous unrelated offences.

The matter was investigated by officers from the Force's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit who offered specialist support to the victim.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Andy Batey said: "The victim has suffered both physical injury and psychological harm because of Sheikh's actions. Fortunately she is now moving on with her life free from the abuse she suffered because of him. I hope this sentencing enables her to continue this process.

"I would like to thank her for her bravery throughout the investigation and court hearings."

Anyone affected or concerned by domestic abuse can call the Hertfordshire Domestic Abuse Helpline free and in confidence on 08 088 088 088 (9am-9pm Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Sat/Sun) or visit the Herts Sunflower website.

In an emergency, always dial 999.

Umar Sheikh
