```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is thanking the public for their response to the easing of Government guidelines at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary thanks public for being responsible
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-thanks-public-for-being-responsible-0312
```

* ### Police thank public for being responsible as pubs, cafes and restaurants reopen

 * ### Vast majority of people enjoyed themselves without issues

 * ### No major incidents in Hertfordshire as licensed premises open for business

Hertfordshire Constabulary is thanking the public for their response to the easing of Government guidelines at the weekend.

Saturday 4 July saw the reopening of many pubs, cafes and restaurants across the county, in line with the national easing of lockdown restrictions.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge, Hertfordshire Constabulary's Local Policing Commander, said: "We have seen throughout the lockdown period that the vast majority of people in our county are sensible and want to do the right thing.

"Thankfully, this was illustrated in our area over the weekend as our towns returned to a more normal feel, with many pubs and licensed premises reopening and the majority of people enjoying themselves with no issues.

"We saw no major incidents relating to the easing of lockdown restrictions and we were pleased that Saturday and Sunday were largely trouble-free evenings."

He continued: "We had planned extra policing patrols at busy town centres in case of issues across the weekend and these were boosted by Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary. More than 100 Specials volunteered their time to support local teams over the two days and I must thank them and all of our officers who worked hard to encourage people to enjoy themselves safely. We are very lucky to have such a hard-working and dedicated team.

"Unfortunately, there were reports of alcohol-related antisocial behaviour and a few arrests as a result of low-level incidents directly related to the reopening of the night time economy, but it was in line with an average weekend in the county.

"I would like to thank our licensees who all took their responsibility seriously and worked with us to manage any issues. As more venues reopen in the coming days and weeks I'm confident we can rely on our communities to continue behaving responsibly and I thank people for the support and understanding they have shown throughout the last few months, and continue to show as we move into a new kind of normal."
