```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police, fire and St John\u2019s Ambulance teamed up to welcome the public to an Emergency Services Open Day in Rickmansworth on Saturday afternoon (September 22)."
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2018
title: "Emergency Services Open Day \u2013 Rickmansworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/emergency-services-open-day-rickmansworth-1819C
```

* ### Police, fire and St John's Ambulance team up for Emergency Services Open Day in Rickmansworth.

 * ### Several hundred visitors look around emergency service vehicles.

 * ### Residents sign up to OWL messaging system and get crime prevention advice.

Police, fire and St John's Ambulance teamed up to welcome the public to an Emergency Services Open Day in Rickmansworth on Saturday afternoon (September 22).

Hosted by Hertfordshire Fire & Rescue Service at the fire station, residents were invited in to find out more about the services and get safety advice. Visitors had the chance to look around a police response car, fire engines and other vehicles.

Representing Hertfordshire Constabulary was the Rickmansworth Safer Neighbourhood Team and Neighbourhood Watch volunteers. Officers shared crime prevention advice and signed people up to the OWL messaging system so they can receive information about crimes and incidents in their area.

A colouring competition for children was held with the grand prize of a family ticket for the Harry Potter attraction in Leavesden, which was kindly donated by Warner Brothers.

Neighbourhood Sgt Neil Canning said: "It was an excellent turnout with several hundred people attending on the day, despite the weather. They learned about how to deter criminals from targeting their property and hopefully had some fun at the same time.

"There were lots of brilliant entries to the colouring competition and the winner will be announced later this week."

To sign up to OWL.
