```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help following an assault in St Albans."
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-st-albans-1493f
```

* ## The incident happened in London Road between 10pm and 10.30pm on Friday 21 February.

 * ## The victim was walking along the road when a bag of flour was thrown at her from an unidentified moving vehicle.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should contact PC Charlie Marshall by calling 101 or emailing charlie.marshall@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/16311/20.

Officers are appealing for the public's help following an assault in St Albans.

The incident happened in London Road between 10pm and 10.30pm on Friday 21 February.

During this time, the victim was walking along the road when a bag of flour was thrown at her from an unidentified moving vehicle.

The woman, who is in her twenties, was hospitalised as a result of the attack.

PC Charlie Marshall, who is investigating, said: "It was initially thought that the victim had sustained internal bleeding and a ruptured spleen, but thankfully a hospital scan showed no internal injuries. However, she still suffered reddening and bruising to her abdomen as well as being left shaken up.

"I am appealing for anyone who was in the area and saw what happened to get in touch. If you have any other information about the incident I would also like to hear from you.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/16311/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
