```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A second man has been arrested on suspicion of murder as inquiries continue into the death of 27 year old Luke O\u2019Connell in Watford."
publish:
  date: 1 Sep 2019
title: "Second person arrested in connection with the murder of Luke O\u2019Connell"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/second-person-arrested-in-connection-with-the-murder-of-luke-oconnell-0697
```

* ### Second arrest over Watford murder

 * ### Police reassure the public over a voice message being shared

 * ### Further appeals for information

A second man has been arrested on suspicion of murder as inquiries continue into the death of 27 year old Luke O'Connell in Watford.

The 22 year old from Watford will be questioned by detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit who are continuing with their inquiries into what happened yesterday (Saturday 31 August).

Police were called at just before 3am to Gammons Lane at the junction of Leavesden Road to reports of a three vehicle collision and subsequent fight taking place.

Luke was seriously injured and sadly died in hospital.

Chief Inspector for Watford, Matt Phillips said: "Our thoughts are with Luke's family at this tragic time and I would urge anyone who has any information which could help our colleagues in the Major Crime Unit to please contact us.

"We have also been made aware of a voice message being shared around the North Watford community regarding groups seeking retribution. I would like to reassure residents we have had no reports of this nature however, we are continuing our increased high-visibility patrols in the area. Should any incident occur please call 999."

Anyone with information about Luke's murder should call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Orient. You can also report information online at: herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact

 Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
