```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are issuing advice to motorcyclists following a spate of motorcycle thefts in Welwyn Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2019
title: Advice following spate of motorcycle thefts in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-following-spate-of-motorcycle-thefts-in-welwyn-hatfield-0632b
```

* ### In July, six offences were recorded and there has been further incidents reported this month too.

 * ### 125cc motorycles have often been the target.

 * ### There are a number of ways you can protect yourself from being targeted.

Police are issuing advice to motorcyclists following a spate of motorcycle thefts in Welwyn Hatfield.

In July, six offences were recorded and there has been further incidents reported this month too. 125cc motorycles have often been the target.

Sergeant James Stopford, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are carrying out extensive enquiries to identify those responsible for these thefts.

"Unfortunately, some of the stolen motorcycles have been left insecure outside properties or parked on the street.

"I would urge motorcycle owners to consider leaving their vehicles out of view such as in a locked garage. If this is not possible, it is a good idea to leave them in a rear garden or a communal area that is out of sight.

"Please remember to also secure your motorcycle with a good quality lock. Cheaper locks can be cut through surprisingly easily, so it is worth investing in one which has good reviews."

Further crime prevention advice can be found on our website at www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Crime-prevention

Any witnesses or anyone with information about the recent thefts should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

** **
