```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of thefts in Letchworth Garden City targeting the elderly.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following series of purse-dippings
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-series-of-purse-dippings-1133G
```

* ### There has been a series of purse-dippings in Letchworth Garden City targeting the elderly.

 * ### Police are urging all shoppers to be vigilant and aware of what is going on around you.

 * ### Any witnesses and anyone with information should contact PC Hopkins on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of thefts in Letchworth Garden City targeting the elderly.

 * At around 4.15pm on Thursday, October 5, an 80 year old woman's purse was stolen from her shopping bag while she was in Third Avenue (crime reference G2/17/2321). The two suspects are described as white men, both about 5ft 7in to 5ft 9in. One is described as being aged 20-30, of a slim build and wearing a brown three quarter length jacket and blue jeans.
 * At around 12.45pm on Thursday, October 19, a woman's purse was stolen from while she was in Scope in Broadway (crime reference G2/17/2419).
 * Between 1pm and 1.45pm on Thursday, October 19, an 83 year old woman's purse was stolen from her handbag while she was shopping in Central Approach (crime reference G2/17/2421).
 * At around 11.30pm on Saturday, October 21, an 80 year old woman's purse was stolen from her handbag while she was shopping in Sainsburys on Third Avenue (crime reference G2/17/2451).
 * Between 2.20pm and 2.30pm on Tuesday, October 24, a 72 year old woman's purse was stolen from her handbag while she was shopping in The Card Factory on Commerce Way (crime reference G2/17/2463). The suspect is described as a white man, aged around 60, of a medium build with short grey hair and wearing a grey coat.
 * Between 2pm and 5pm on Wednesday, October 25, a 78 year old woman's purse was stolen from her coat pocket while she was in the Garden Square Shopping Centre (crime reference G2/17/2536).
 * Between 10am and 10.15am on Friday, October 27, a 72 year old man's wallet was stolen while he was shopping in Lidl on Jubilee Road (crime reference G2/17/2508). The suspect is described as a white man, aged 30 to 36, about 5ft 4 in to 5ft 5in tall, of a stocky build with dark brown short hair and smartly dressed.
 * Between 12.15am and 12.30am on Monday, October 30, an 82 year old woman's purse was stolen while she was shopping in Poundland on Commerce Way (crime reference G2/17/2520).
 * At around 2pm on Tuesday, November 7, a 79 year old woman's purse was stolen while she was in The Card Factory on Commerce Way (crime reference G2/17/2590).

PC Matt Hopkins, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who believes they have information about any of these incidents to please get in touch. These purses and wallets have all been stolen from busy locations so there is a high chance that there will be witnesses who can help with our investigations.

"I would urge all shoppers, particularly at this busy time of the year leading up to Christmas, to be vigilant in all stores and be aware of what is going on around you. If possible have the strap on your bag diagonally across yourself so that you have it close to you at all times. When in shops please keep your bag in sight. It takes mere moments to become distracted enough for someone to take your purse or wallet without you noticing."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Hopkins via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
