```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: School children in two North Herts villages have been trying to make their roads safer by educating motorists about speed.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2019
title: School children promote speed awareness
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/school-children-promote-speed-awareness-0817g
```

* ### School children help make their villages safer.

 * ### Local PC sets speeding poster competition in Barley and Barkway.

 * ### Winning entries displays around the village to help educate motorist.

School children in two North Herts villages have been trying to make their roads safer by educating motorists about speed.

The children who attend the Barley and Barkway First Schools, took part in a competition following a visit from local neighbourhood officer PC Chris Brabrook.

Chris spoke to the children about the importance of safe driving and how the police monitor speed and why speed enforcement is so important. He then tasked the children to design a poster that could be placed around the villages to encourage motorists to drive safely.

Around 50 different posters designs were submitted and these were judged by the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team and Barkway and Barley Parish Councils, who helped to fund the initiative.

There were two winning posters, designed by 7 year-old Phoebe Wild and 8 year-old Elsie Lake. The posters will be displayed on nine entry points into the two villages.

PC Chris Brabrook said: "I had a great response from the children who were all very keen to get involved with helping to make their village roads safer. The standard of the artwork was very high and judges had a tough job making their decision.

"I hope motorists will take heed of the advice. Too many fail to make any adjustment to their speed as they pass through small rural villages, putting local residents and other road users at risk.

"We carry out regular speed patrols in the villages and will continue to do so."

Federation Headteacher, Sharon Brown said: "We are so pleased that these posters will be visible in our villages. The pupils at our schools and their parents care very much about road safety."
