```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2019
title: Appeal following assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-watford-0255c
```

* ### The incident happened at around 8pm on Sunday, May 5, as the victim was walking from the King George V Playing Fields towards Tolpits Lane.

 * ### The victim, a 17 year old boy, was struck with a metal pole.

 * ### Anyone who can help should contact DC Julie Vint on 101 or through email at julie.vint@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/40465/19.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Watford.

At around 8pm on Sunday, May 5, the victim, a 17 year old boy, was walking from the King George V Playing Fields towards Tolpits Lane with his friends, when a group of around 14 teenagers approached them.

One of the teenagers had a metal pole and struck the victim over the head, causing an injury that required hospital treatment. The group then made off from the scene in different directions.

The group, who were all males, are described as being in their late teens and were wearing casual clothing.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who was in the area and might have witnessed what happened to get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who assisted the victim. If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me quoting crime reference 41/40465/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

**

**
