```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify as part of enquiries following a burglary in Buntingford.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-buntingford-1934A
```

* ### Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as part of enquiries following a burglary at a home in Buntingford.

 * ### A significant amount of jewellery was taken during the break-in at the property in Knights Close.

 * ### Police would also like to speak to anyone who believes they have seen the jewellery being offered for sale.

Police are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify as part of enquiries following a burglary in Buntingford.

Offender(s) gained access to the home in Knights Close between 6pm on September 27 and 4pm on October 2. They stole a digital safe containing jewellery.

The following items were taken:

 * A gold diamond engagement ring
 * A 1900 antique eternity ring
 * A 1900 antique gold ring with three rubies
 * A gold wedding ring
 * A dress ring
 * A gold diamond solitaire ring
 * A diamond daisy shaped ring
 * A silver heart shaped box
 * A white gold diamond tanzanite necklace (pictured) and earrings
 * A white gold diamond tanzanite ring
 * A white gold tanzanite bracelet (pictured).

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who recognises the person pictured to contact me as we believe that he may have information that can help our enquiries.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who believes they have seen these items of jewellery for sale as you may have information that can assist our ongoing investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Turner by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/42422/18, or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Items taken
