```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "As part of \u2018Time to Talk\u2019 day and mental health awareness, Neighbourhood Sergeant Noel Buckley and PCSO Cheryll Lavell joined partners from Hertsmere Borough Council, British Transport Police and the Samaritans on a \u2018walkabout\u2019 in Potters Bar this morning."
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2019
title: Police-support-Time-to-Talk-day-in-Potters-Bar-2521J
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-support-Time-to-Talk-day-in-Potters-Bar-2521J
```

* As part of 'Time to Talk' day and mental health awareness, Neighbourhood Sergeant Noel Buckley and PCSO Cheryll Lavell joined partners on a 'walkabout' in Potters Bar.
 * Commuters were given 'goody bags' to help raise awareness of the importance of talking to others.
 * Local businesses were also visited and management spoken to about the health and well-being of their staff.

As part of 'Time to Talk' day and mental health awareness, Neighbourhood Sergeant Noel Buckley and PCSO Cheryll Lavell joined partners from Hertsmere Borough Council, British Transport Police and the Samaritans on a 'walkabout' in Potters Bar this morning.

Sergeant Buckley said: "Potters Bar Train Station has had two sudden deaths at the train station in a month, so it was important to get the message across to commuters of how to spot the signs of someone feeling anxious and depressed. Commuters were given 'goody bags' containing leaflets about raising awareness of the importance of talking to others."

Local businesses were also visited and management was spoken to about the health and well-being of their staff. They were offered the opportunity to attend a free three hour course, delivered by 'Spot the Signs' to adults in Hertfordshire in the near future.

The training is designed to help:

 * Increase awareness and knowledge about mental health
 * Explore information about which groups of people are most at risk and why
 * Make you feel more confident in spotting the signs of someone feeling isolated and vulnerable
 * Introduce practical steps about what actions you may take if you notice someone is distressed.
