```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision between Hexton and Pegsdon are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following fatal collision between Hexton and Pegsdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-fatal-collision-between-hexton-and-pegsdon
```

* ### Did you witness a fatal road traffic collision between Hexton and Pegsdon on Wednesday, May 30?

 * ### It happened on the Hitchin Road just before 1.15pm and involved a silver Kia Picanto and a black Audi Quattro RS

 * ### The driver of the Kia, a man in his 60s, was taken to hospital but sadly later died from his injuries

Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision between Hexton and Pegsdon are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened just before 1.15pm yesterday (Wednesday, May 30) on the B655 Hitchin Road.

A black Audi Quattro RS was travelling east, towards Hitchin, and a silver Kia Picanto, was travelling west towards Hexton when for reasons unknown at this stage, both vehicles were in collision.

The occupants of the Audi, believed to be four men, were not at the scene on police arrival and enquiries are ongoing in order to trace them.

They are all described as Asian and in their late teens or early twenties.

The driver of the Kia, a man in his 60s, suffered serious injuries and was transported to hospital for treatment. Sadly he passed away later that evening. His family have been informed and are being supported by specially-trained officers.

Following the collision, the road was closed in both directions to allow emergency services to work at the scene.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit carried out a thorough investigation before the road was reopened at 9.45pm.

Inspector Jamie Langwith, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the victim's family, who are currently being supported by family liaison officers.

"Our investigation will now focus on identifying and locating those who were travelling in the Audi.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who was travelling along the Hitchin Road around the time of the collision and has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle.

"You may have captured footage of what happened prior to or after the collision and this would be extremely useful to our investigation.

"We have spoken to a number of people in connection with this incident but if you witnessed what happened, have dash cam footage you would like to share or any further information, you can email FCIUsouth@Herts.pnn.police.uk, report online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or call 101 quoting ISR 355 of May 30.

"Any information at all, however insignificant you think it is, could prove vital to our investigation."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
