```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-hatfield-2555b
```

Officers have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Hatfield.

At 4pm on Thursday, January 31 a woman's phone and bank cards were stolen after she paid for her groceries in Tesco and before she returned to her car in the car park.

A man brushed up against her with a hessian bag and used it to hide what he was taking from her pocket.

A new iPhone 8 and its case containing cash and bank cards were stolen.

Police Constable Gavin Richardson, who is investigating, said: "It's believed that the man pictured was in the area at the time and could have vital information that will assist the investigation. If you recognise him please get in touch.

"If you can help, please call 101 or email, quoting crime reference 41/10130/19."

You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

Follow our simple advice to prevent yourself from becoming a victim of pickpocketing:

 * avoid putting valuables such as phones, wallets or purses in your back pocket
 * use a bag that can be closed properly so that it's difficult for someone to open it and reach in
 * wear bags across your body rather than over your shoulder
 * keep your purse or wallet at the bottom of your bag
 * register your property with Immobilise so that if your belongings are lost or stolen, there's a better chance of them being returned to you.
