```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 30 year old man from Stevenage was sentenced today in connection with two grievous bodily harm (GBH) offences.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2018
title: Stevenage man sentenced following GBH offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Stevenage-Man-Sentenced-Following-GBH-Offences-1946
```

A 30 year old man from Stevenage was sentenced today (Friday, October 19) in connection with two grievous bodily harm (GBH) offences.

Bryan Precious, who lived between addresses in Stevenage and Lincolnshire, was sentenced to a total of six years in prison at St Albans Crown Court today (Thursday October 18).

On October 22, 2017 Precious assaulted a 22 year old man outside the Drapers Arms pub in Stevenage High Street. During the attack the victim was punched and kicked which resulted in him suffering a serious facial fracture.

Then, on March 23, 2018, Precious assaulted another man outside the Willows pub in Broadwater Crescent. On this occasion Precious punched the victim so hard he was rendered unconscious and sustained life changing injuries as a result.

Judge Michael Kay QC jailed Precious for two years for the first offence and a further four years for the second assault. He also passed an extended licence for one year.

Commenting on the case Investigating Officer Detective Constable Neil Davies said: "These were both horrific attacks on men that the offender did not even really know. Both have suffered life changing injuries as a result.

"I would like to thank all of the witnesses who helped with this investigation. Their information enabled us to successfully prosecute Precious and get some closure for the victims."
