```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for life today (Monday 29 July) after being found guilty of murdering his wife at their home in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 29 Jul 2019
title: Hemel Hempstead man found guilty of murdering wife
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hemel-hempstead-man-found-guilty-of-murdering-wife-0569
```

* ### Rodrigo Giraldo was found guilty following at trial at St Albans Crown Court.

 * ### He was sentenced to life with a minimum of 19 years.

 * ### He had previously pleaded guilty to preventing lawful burial.

A man has been jailed for life today (Monday 29 July) after being found guilty of murdering his wife at their home in Hemel Hempstead.

Rodrigo Giraldo (Alberto Rodrigo Giraldo-Tascon), aged 56, from Ritcroft Street, was convicted following a trial at St Albans Crown Court, having previously pleaded guilty to preventing the lawful burial of Luz Margory Isaza Villagas, known as Margory.

The 50-year-old mother-of-three's body was found in a shallow grave, in a wooded area of Northchurch Common, near Berkhamsted, on 17 January this year. She had been placed inside a suitcase which had then been set on fire.

Concerns for Margory's welfare had been raised by family members four days previously, after telephone contact with her ceased on the morning of 13 January, something which was described as being very unusual.

At the same time, Giraldo began displaying erratic behaviour and apparently made admissions, reportedly saying in Spanish "Yo la mate", which translated means "I killed her".

Margory was reported missing to police and officers attended the address. It was then that Giraldo told them they had an argument that morning and she had left.

He told officers he had gone to look for her at around 3pm that afternoon, when in fact he had gone to dispose of her body.

He was seen on private CCTV placing items into a bin, while wearing a blue latex glove, before moving his car out of sight of the camera. ANPR and phone work showed that he then travelled to the burial site, taking the couple's two-month-old foster child with him.

During this time, Margory's older children had made numerous attempts to phone her but all calls went to voicemail.

Following an investigation by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, Giraldo was arrested on 14 January and later charged with Margory's murder and preventing lawful burial.

Her body was found by specialist search officers the following day.

Giraldo pleaded guilty to preventing unlawful burial on 5 July but denied murder and went on trial on 16 July.

The court heard how Giraldo, a former Columbian policeman, was said to have become increasingly obsessed with Margory after she suggested they separate in September 2018. At the time of her death, they were going through a trial separation but still residing at the same address.

The family had moved to the UK from Columbia in 1999 as refugees.

Giraldo was found guilty by unanimous verdict and sentenced to life with a minimum of 19 years for murder, plus three and half years for preventing a lawful burial, to run concurrently.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit said: "Our thoughts remain with Margory's family at this understandably difficult time. Margory was a loving and kind mother to her three children and to a foster child who have all been cruelly robbed of their future together.

"Giraldo had plenty of opportunities to confess to what he had done but instead kept up the pretence that he did not know what had happened to Margory, prolonging the agony and worry for her family.

"I am pleased he has now been found guilty and will be serving a life sentence, although this does not in any way make up for the hurt and anguish that he put his own children through. By pleading not guilty, he ensured that they had to go through the process of giving evidence during the trial, which has no doubt added to their upset. I commend them for their bravery and support of the investigation."
