```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary has raised more than \xA32,000 for the childrens\u2019 wards at the Lister Hospital and Great Ormond Street Hospital following a barbeque and raffle on Friday (28 June)."
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2019
title: "Police raise more than \xA32k for hospitals in aid of Welwyn Garden City boy"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-raise-more-than-2k-for-hospitals-in-aid-of-welwyn-garden-city-boy-0443
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary has raised more than £2,000 for the childrens' wards at the Lister Hospital and Great Ormond Street Hospital following a barbeque and raffle on Friday (28 June).

PC John Phelan from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit organised the event, which took place at Hatfield Police Station, to help local three year old Elliot Harridge, who suffers from two rare chromosome disorders.

Elliot lives in Welwyn Garden City, but has spent most of his life inside the children's ward at the Lister Hospital and Great Ormond Street Hospital. He is fanatical about the emergency services, particularly the police, and when PC Phelan heard about his bravery, he and the team wanted to recognise this courage and help Elliot in his fight against his illness.

On Friday, staff and officers came together to enjoy the sunshine and raise money for two great causes.

The event was supported and attended by the staff of The White Hart pub in Welwyn village, who served non-alcoholic cocktails.

Elliot himself, also attended, arriving in style as he was picked up from home by a convoy of police vehicles. Upon arriving at the station, Elliot was presented with his very own police hat and jacket that had been personalised with his name. After a tour of the station, he was proudly promoted to 'Sergeant Elliot'.

PC John Phelan said: "Elliot is a superhero and I am so glad that we have been able to raise this money to help him, and other brave children like him.

"Elliot really deserved this special day and watching his awe as he arrived in the police van and was given his police uniform was something none of us will forget.

"I would like to thank everyone who came along to support Elliot. The local community were incredibly generous, donating all sorts of amazing prizes for the raffle. I would particularly like to thank The White Hart for their time and generosity, as well Simmons for providing the bread rolls for the burgers, and Tesco too for their vouchers which allowed us to buy the food."

The barbeque and raffle was supported by:

 * The White Hart pub, Welwyn village
 * Tesco
 * Simmons bakery
 * Alexandra Burke, singer
 * Kim Wilde, singer
 * Nick Knowles, from TV's DIY S.O.S
 * Rusty Firmin, former SAS soldier who stormed the Iranian embassy
 * John Lewis
 * Arla
 * The Hollybush pub, Welwyn Garden City
 * The Chieftain pub, Welwyn Garden City
 * Ian Stephenson Ltd, jewellers
 * Box of Delights, Welwyn Village
 * Big Green Egg
 * Luton and Herts Insurance Institute
 * Colourwheel Art Classes
 * Vita, Welwyn Village
 * XO village wines
 * Taj Mahal, Welwyn Village
 * Roche
 * Watford Football Club
 * The Town Inn, Hatfield
 * The Two Willows pub, Welwyn Garden City
 * Mardleybury Farm
 * The Wellington pub, Welwyn
