```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Stolen property was returned to an Elstree burglary victim after an officer meticulously investigated the incident.
publish:
  date: 31 Mar 2020
title: Elstree burglary victim reunited with her belongings
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/elstree-burglary-victim-reunited-with-her-belongings-1620j
```

* ## Stolen property was returned to an Elstree burglary victim.

 * ## A man was arrested as he was about to board a flight.

 * ## The victim was 'overjoyed' to have her property returned.

Stolen property was returned to an Elstree burglary victim after an officer meticulously investigated the incident.

PC Giuseppe Catalanotto from the Hertsmere Scorpion Team received intelligence that the suspect was about to board a flight to Albania from Luton airport. He contacted firearms officers who were able to locate and arrest the 45-year-old man from Southgate and seize his vehicle. The man is on police bail.

The arrest was possible after PC Catalanotto conducted detailed and protracted enquiries in relation to all the vehicles entering and exiting the area at the time of the burglary, CCTV trawls and intelligence gathering.

The stolen property, which included cash deposit receipts, jewellery and a designer handbag and purse, were recovered and returned to the victim.

PCSO John Hainsworth said: "The victim was overjoyed to get her property back and said it has restored her faith in the police. Following an Online Watch Link (OWL) message I sent out, several positive comments have been received from residents."

He added: "The officer has become a local hero!"

The burglary took place on 16 February in Romeland, Elstree.
