```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Bovingdon are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2020
title: Appeal for information following a burglary in Bovingdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-information-following-a-burglary-in-bovingdon-1014
```

* ### Two ornamental rifles were stolen during a burglary in Bovingdon

 * ### It happened on Chesham Road between 7am and 5pm on Thursday 17 December

 * ### If you have any information, please contact police quoting reference 41/101351/20

Officers investigating a burglary in Bovingdon are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Chesham Road between 7am and 5pm on Thursday 17 December, when offender(s) entered the property and stole two antique rifles.

The first rifle is described as having a light-coloured wooden handle, with a silver steel iron barrel. It is approximately 1.5m in length.

The second rifle is described as similar to the first, but slightly longer with a lighter-coloured wooden handle.

PC Natasha Webbe, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "The rifles were ornamental and have huge sentimental value to the owner, who inherited them from his late father.

"We have already begun our investigation, including carrying out house to house enquiries and checking nearby CCTV, but we are appealing to anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity on Chesham Road on Thursday to please come forward and speak to us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/101351/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
