```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Stevenage Operation Scorpion Team and the Operational Support Group executed a warrant at an address in Archer Road this morning (Monday July 2) at around 9.30am.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2018
title: Drugs Warrant executed in Archer Road
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-warrant-executed-in-archer-road-0458E
```

Officers from the Stevenage Operation Scorpion Team and the Operational Support Group executed a warrant at an address in Archer Road this morning (Monday July 2) at around 9.30am.

Following numerous complaints from the local community, officers entered the address and carried out an extensive search. No arrests have been made at this time.

Detective Inspector Chris Treadwell said: "The warrant was part of our commitment to tackle those suspected of being involved in the supply of drugs. We recognise the impact this activity has on the local community and will utilise a full range of policing tactics to target those we believe to be involved in criminal activity.

"We will continue to work with partners to gather intelligence from a wide range of perspectives and we will work with our communities to provide reassurance. This criminal activity leads to devastating consequences for residents and we will do all we can stop this from happening."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this or any other area please contact me on 101 or report online.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
