```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged racially aggravated assault in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following alleged racially aggravated assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-racially-aggravated-assault-in-stevenage-1581
```

* ### The alleged assault happened in The Quadrant on Friday 6 March

 * ### A 61 year old man from Stevenage has been arrested in connection with the incident

 * ### Witnesses and anyone with information should contact DC Richard Greasby via 101 or at richard.greasby@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged racially aggravated assault in Stevenage.

The incident happened in The Quadrant on Friday 6 March. It was reported that at around 10.20am, the victim - a 57 year old man, was behind NatWest when he was approached by a man who demanded money and racially abused him.

The suspect, who was accompanied by another man, is alleged to have then thrown a ceramic mug on the floor causing it to smash and then continuing to be verbally abusive.

DC Richard Greasby, who is investigating, said: "This was understandably a distressing incident. There is no place for racism in Hertfordshire and we do all we can to tackle prejudice.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw or heard the incident to get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who has information about the incident.

"If you can help, please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _richard.greasby@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/20373/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

 * A 61 year old man from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of a racially aggravated public order offence. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
