```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "As lambing season approaches, Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s Rural Operational Support Team (ROST) is calling on dog owners to ensure their pets are kept under control at all times while out walking."
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: Keeping dogs under control around livestock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keeping-dogs-under-control-around-livestock-1147
```

* ### Dog owners are being reminded to keep their dogs under control.

 * ### There has been an increase in animals being attacked across Hertfordshire.

 * ### Anyone in charge of a dog could be found guilty of an offence.

As lambing season approaches, Hertfordshire Constabulary's Rural Operational Support Team (ROST) is calling on dog owners to ensure their pets are kept under control at all times while out walking.

"Sadly, the number of dog attacks on livestock across the county have increased over the past few weeks," said PC Tim Armstrong from the ROST.

"It is crucial that you keep your dog on a short lead around livestock, even if you can usually trust it to come when called. If you live in or near an agricultural area, you must also make sure that your dog cannot escape from your property as it may find its way onto land containing livestock."

Under the Dogs (Protection of Livestock) Act 1953, if a dog worries sheep on agricultural land, the person in charge of the dog is guilty of an offence.

The act considers 'sheep worrying' to include attacking sheep, chasing them in a way that may cause injury, suffering, abortion or loss of produce, or being at large (i.e. not on a lead or otherwise under close control) in a field or enclosure in which there are sheep. The Act does not require livestock to be killed for this offence to be committed.

Dog owners can also be convicted for 'allowing their dog to be dangerously out of control' and in some cases owners have been cautioned or summonsed to court.

PC Armstrong continued: "I'd also like to remind people to please be respectful of farm land and crops while out walking, to help protect the livelihood of our local farmers who are working hard to keep the nation fed."

If you see an incident of sheep worrying in progress you should call 999.

If the incident has already happened and is no longer in progress you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
