```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft from a car in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2018
title: "Appeal following a theft \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-theft-hatfield-2155B
```

* ### A woman in her 70s had her iPhone and cash stolen from her car after she was stopped by three men in High View, Hatfield.

 * ### They told her there was something wrong with her tyre, encouraging her to get out of the car, and while she was distracted they stole the items.

 * ### If you have any information that could help police, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/53486/18.

Officers investigating a theft from a car in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in High View between 4.45pm and 5pm on Saturday, November 3.

The victim, a woman in her 70s, was driving her car when she noticed a man walking in the road, who signalled for her to stop.

She did so and the man told her there was an issue with one of her tyres and encouraged her to get out of her vehicle. The man was accompanied by two other men, one of whom was on a bike.

The victim did so and after looking, realised that there was nothing wrong. She became suspicious of the men so got back in her car and drove away. She realised a short while later that her white iPhone X and a quantity of cash had been taken from the passenger seat.

The offenders are described as speaking with Eastern European accents and around 35 to 50 years of age. Two of the men were of average build and the third man who was on the bike was of stockier build. The man who signalled for the victim to stop was wearing a beanie-style hat with a Fair Isle pattern.

PC Jordan Willett, who is investigating, said: "I know this incident happened a few weeks ago now and extensive enquiries have been carried out so far. However I am now asking people who were in the area at the time to think back and recall whether they noticed any suspicious activity. One of the offenders was wearing a distinctive hat at the time of the offence, so may be more recognisable. Please get in touch if you can help."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Willett on email or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/53486/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
