```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating two aggravated burglaries in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for information and witnesses."
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2020
title: "Appeal following two aggravated burglaries \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-two-aggravated-burglaries-bishops-stortford-1479
```

* ### Detectives are treating two aggravated burglaries which happened in Bishop's Stortford on Friday 28 February as linked

 * ### Offenders stole cash and jewellery from one property in Chenies Green and a handbag from one in Apton Road

 * ### Officers are conducting extensive enquiries but are now appealing for witnesses or anyone who saw suspicious activity in the area

Detectives investigating two aggravated burglaries in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for information and witnesses.

The first incident happened in Chenies Green between 2.50pm and 3.20pm yesterday (Friday 28 February).

The victim, a woman in her 40s, returned home when she disturbed three offenders who had broken into the property via the rear patio doors.

They assaulted her as they left, taking with them a large quantity of cash and jewellery.

The offenders have been described as white and aged in their mid to late teens. They all wore dark clothing and had their faces covered.

One of the offenders is described as slim, around 5ft 6in tall with short brown curly hair.

The second incident happened in Apton Road at 8.30pm later the same day.

Two men, dressed all in black and wearing balaclavas, broke into the property via the front door when they were disturbed by the occupant - a woman in her 70s.

One of the offenders grabbed the victim's handbag before running from the property. This has since been recovered, complete with all its contents, in the Waitrose supermarket carpark off Northgate End.

Detective Constable Janet Hollis, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully neither victim was injured during burglaries but they have been left understandably anxious and upset by what has happened. In both cases, the property was locked and secured when the offenders broke in.

"We are treating both incidents as linked at this time and I want to reassure the victims and their families that we are doing all we can to locate the people responsible. We have already conducted a number of enquiries to date, including house-to-house and a review of nearby CCTV.

"If you live nearby and have CCTV fitted to your property we would ask that you review your footage as soon as possible, and get in touch with us if you believe you have captured anything significant.

"Did you see anyone acting in a suspicious manner in the vicinity of Chenies Green or Apton Road yesterday? Any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could prove key to our investigation.

"If you have any further information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting the crime references 41/18320/20 and 41/18400/20."

You can email DC Hollis at _janet.hollis@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
