```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses of a serious collision involving a pedestrian on a motorway slip road near Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2019
title: "Serious collision on A1(M) slip road \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Serious-collision-on-A1(M)-slip-road-Stevenage-1029
```

* ### Did you witness collision involving a pedestrian on A1(M) slip road?

 * ### The pedestrian suffered serious head injury as a result

 * ### Officers keen to trace dashcam footage of incident

Police are appealing for witnesses of a serious collision involving a pedestrian on a motorway slip road near Stevenage.

At around 8.50pm on Friday 15 November, a blue Fiat Punto travelling south on the A1(M) left the carriageway at junction eight (Stevenage North/Hitchin).

As the vehicle has approached the junction's roundabout, it has struck a man believed to be standing in the slip road.

The pedestrian suffered serious injuries including significant head trauma as a result. He was taken to Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge where he remains in a critical condition.

PC Jon Grygiel, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We would like to speak to anyone who thinks they may have seen either the collision itself or the pedestrian, prior to the collision taking place.

"I would be particularly keen to trace any dashcam footage from vehicles in the area at the time."

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, or speak to our Force Communications Room via our web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or by calling the non-emergency number 101. Please quote ISR 810 of 15/11/19.
