```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Twenty-two police cadets will be using pedal power to help raise \xA32,000 to buy a defibrillator for Potters Bar residents."
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2019
title: Help police cadets buy defibrillator for Potters Bar residents
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-police-cadets-buy-defibrillator-for-potters-bar-residents-0916j
```

* ### Twenty-two police cadets will be using pedal power to help raise £2,000 to buy a defibrillator for Potters Bar residents.

 * ### Cadets will be taking part in a static 24 hour bike ride at Tesco in Mutton Lane, Potters Bar.

 * ### The website to donate is: https://www.aeddonate.org.uk/projects/hertsmere-police-cadets/

Twenty-two police cadets will be using pedal power to help raise £2,000 to buy a defibrillator for Potters Bar residents.

Cadets aged from 13 to 18 will be taking part in a static 24 hour bike ride at Tesco in Mutton Lane, Potters Bar. They start their challenge at 5pm on 1 November and will be continuously pedalling until 5pm on 2 November. Residents are encouraged to come and watch them, and lend their support by donating.

Hertsmere Police Cadet Chairman, Jake Pike, said: "After a series of good new stories involving community de-fibs being used in Hertfordshire and across the UK, we decided to raise money to buy a defibrillator for the local area.

"Over 30,000 people die each year from out-of-hospital sudden cardiac arrest and 620 of these are people under the age of 35.

"If defibrillation takes place within the first three minutes of a sudden cardiac arrest, the patient's chances of survival increase by more than 80 per cent.

"Cadets researched the area of Hertsmere and identified Potters Bar town centre to be a prime location for a community defib. We hope that public access to a defibrillator in Potters Bar could save someone's life in the future."

To run the event, Tesco in Mutton Lane have kindly allowed the cadets to use their store to host the event and the Furzehill Centre in Potters Bar has let them borrow two gym bikes.

The Hertsmere Police Cadets are working alongside charity AEDdonate to have the defibrillator installed.

The website to donate
