```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eight people have been fined for breaching COVID-19 lockdown rules after police were alerted to a gathering at an address in Borehamwood last night (Wednesday 11 November).
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2020
title: Eight people fined for breaching COVID-19 lockdown
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/eight-people-fined-for-breaching-covid-19-lockdown-0864j
```

* ## Eight people were discovered inside a property in Borehamwood.

 * ## They were all fined £200, including the occupier.

 * ## Dedicated patrols are continuing to ensure the law is being adhered to.

Eight people have been fined for breaching COVID-19 lockdown rules after police were alerted to a gathering at an address in Borehamwood last night (Wednesday 11 November).

At around 8pm, officers attended the property in Foster House, Maxwell Road, where they were met at the door by the occupant and one other person.

However, a further six people were discovered inside. They all lived at different addresses and none of them was part of a permitted social bubble.

As a result, all eight people, including the occupier, were issued a £200 fixed penalty notice under coronavirus regulations.

Local officers have been and will continue to conduct patrols, to ensure that the Government regulations are being adhered to, in order to save lives. Dedicated patrols are visiting businesses, transport hubs, parks, schools and responding to COVID-related calls to addresses in the area.

PC Mitchell Holloway, from the Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "COVID-19 is a deadly virus and I would like to thank everyone who continues to treat this lockdown with the patience and caution it needs.

"These are extremely tough and challenging times emotionally, financially and psychologically, for us all and it is in these times that we should be doing our part to act in safe and considerate ways, to prevent and control the spread of Coronavirus.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary and Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership will not tolerate serious cases of disregard to the lockdown rules and as last night's action shows, those intent on ignoring the law will be dealt with and educated in a swift and robust manner."

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

Please ensure you understand GOV.UK's guidance before you report a possible breach via your local borough or district council. If you're not sure which district you're in, you can use the county council website's postcode finder.

**

**
