```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2020
title: Witness appeal following incident in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-incident-in-welwyn-garden-city-1482b
```

* ## At around 5.10pm on Tuesday 11 February, a girl was approached by two men.

 * ## They made inappropriate comments towards her, but did not follow her or attempt to touch her.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Welwyn Garden City.

At around 5.10pm on Tuesday 11 February, an 11-year-old girl was approached by two men in Knightsfield. They made inappropriate comments towards her but the victim carried on walking, and the two men didn't follow her. At no point did they attempt to touch the victim.

One of the men was wearing a cream-coloured jumper with blue jeans and was carrying a red Adidas bag, and the other was wearing an all-black outfit with a black hat that had a white logo on it.

PC Ashley Masters, who is investigating the case, said: "Of course, an incident of this nature is likely to cause concern among the community and we appreciate that this must have been a very unnerving situation for the young girl.

"Please be assured that we are conducting extensive enquiries to identify those involved. If you think you may have witnessed the incident, or saw two men matching the description behaving suspiciously around the area, please get in contact as soon as you can."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Masters directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/13260/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
