```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2020
title: "Witnesses sought following indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-indecent-exposure-in-bishops-stortford-0288
```

* ### The incident occurred near Cannons Mill Lane.

 * ### A man with no shorts on appeared as two girls were playing on a swing.

 * ### Officers are asking anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred on a footpath near Cannons Mill Lane, at around 8.40pm on Friday 26 June.

Two girls (aged 11 and 8) were at Grange Paddocks with their families when they went to play on a swing in a nearby wooded area.

A man then appeared, who was naked from the waist down and holding his shorts in one hand, while touching himself inappropriately with the other.

The girls ran off back to their parents, while the man walked away.

The man is described as being aged around 40 years old, with dark hair. He was wearing a dark coloured T-shirt with a logo on the front. He has been described as being either white or mixed race.

PC Ashleigh Deacon, who is investigating, said: "Understandably this was a distressing incident for these young children and we are doing everything we can to identify the suspect as soon as possible. I am appealing for anyone who may have seen someone acting suspiciously in the area to please contact police. If you have any other information which may assist our enquiries, please do get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact ashleigh.deacon@herts.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/50098/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
