```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new station appointment system launched across Hertfordshire on Monday (June 25) which will enable members of the public to speak directly to officers at police stations.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2018
title: New station appointments system launches in Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-station-appointments-system-launches-in-hertfordshire-0404
```

* ### New station appointment system will enable members of the public to speak directly to officers

 * ### The system will be available at 11 different police stations across the county

 * ### Members of the public can book appointments by calling the Force Control Room

A new station appointment system is being launched across Hertfordshire today (Monday, June 25) which will enable members of the public to speak directly to officers at police stations.

The new arrangement will enable people to speak to officers in a confidential environment if they do not feel comfortable talking about potentially delicate matters in their own home.

Members of the public can contact the Force Communcations Room (FCR) on 101 to request a meeting with an officer. Callers will be offered a visit to their home via the existing 'diary car' system, or an appointment at a station most convenient to them.

The initiative supports the Police and Crime Commissioner's Community Safety and Crime Plan as well as the organisational commitment to continually review options available to the public to contact and receive policing services.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's head of change, Superintendent Sue Jameson said: "We are continually reviewing the services we offer to the public in order to ensure we are delivering the best service we possibly can.

"The introduction of the new appointment system will help us to provide a more localised service to victims of crime, who can arrange to meet with police at a convenient time. It also provides an additional option for those who, for whatever reason, may not be comfortable talking to officers in their own home."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "My strategy has called for even more ways to contact the police, leading to huge improvements to the website and online reporting, including webchat which has been very popular with residents.

"We have police stations in every district of Hertfordshire and whilst front counters were rarely used by the public, we know some people prefer that face-to-face contact with a police officer. I'm pleased to see that this option is being made easier for residents."
