```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a report of indecent exposure in South Oxhey.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2021
title: Witness appeal following indecent exposure in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-south-oxhey-1184c
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following an indecent exposure in South Oxhey.

 * ### The incident occurred at 10.50am on Monday (8 February) in Oxhey Woods.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/9429/21 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a report of indecent exposure in South Oxhey.

At around 10.50am on Monday (8 February) a man exposed himself to a woman who was walking with another woman in Oxhey Woods.

Detective Constable Jennifer Mills, who is investigating, said: "If you were in Oxhey Woods between 10am and 11:15am on Monday and saw anyone acting oddly or suspiciously I would like to hear from you.

"Even the smallest piece of information could prove significant to our enquiries.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at jennifer.mills@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/9429/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
