```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 18 Aug 2020
title: Assault in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-potters-bar-0512
```

* ### The incident happened in The Broadway.

 * ### A woman was approached and grabbed by an unknown man.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Potters Bar.

The incident occurred at around 9.30am on Saturday 8 August.

A woman was walking along The Broadway when an unknown man grabbed hold of her hair by the entrance to the car park and pulled her into a bin area. She sustained cuts and bruising to her legs as a result.

She then managed to run away, falling to the ground as she did so.

The suspect is described as a white man, aged around 50 years old, approximately 6ft tall, of stocky build, with blond hair.

PC Gemma Haines said: "I understand this incident will cause concern among members of the community and I would like to reassure people that we are doing all we can to trace the suspect.

"I am appealing for anyone with information to please come forward as soon as possible. Did you witness anyone matching the description given acting suspiciously or hanging around the area? Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email gemma.haines@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/62871/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
