```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: While the rest of us went into lockdown, these 18 new recruits went into the classroom to learn the skills needed to become Hertfordshire Constabulary police officers.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2020
title: Hertfordshire welcomes 18 new PCs to our policing family
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-welcomes-18-new-pcs-to-our-policing-family-0341
```

* ### We have welcomed 18 new recruits to our Hertfordshire Constabulary policing family.

 * ### Eight men and ten women officially passed out on Friday 10 July.

 * ### If you feel inspired to become a Herts police officer, visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk.

While the rest of us went into lockdown, these 18 new recruits went into the classroom to learn the skills needed to become Hertfordshire Constabulary police officers.

And last Friday 10 July, the eight men and 10 women - including a former chef, care worker and engineers - were officially welcomed to our policing family by Chief Constable Charlie Hall.

"I am always happy and proud to meet our new police officers but I must say, this particular cohort has shown real grit and determination to continue with their studies at such an unprecedented time," he said.

"While many of their friends and family were furloughed or working from home, they have been in the classroom, socially distanced from their tutors and classmates, enrolled in our vigorous 15-week training schedule, and I am very proud of each of them for making it through.

"Their graduation was different, too, with no family or friends invited to watch them parade, as we maintain COVID-safe arrangements, but I was delighted to welcome them to our policing family."

The training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims. On-the-job training continues for many months until they are fit for independent patrol, with two PCs based in Broxbourne, Dacorum, East Herts, Hertsmere, St Albans, Three Rivers, Watford and Welwyn Hatfield, and one based in Stevenage and North Herts.

Trainee PC Becca Duane, 29, sold her Liverpool hair salon business before relocating to Hertfordshire to realise her ambition of becoming a police officer.

"We started our training as the country went into lockdown and it was an amazing experience," she said. "We couldn't get as hands-on during the course because of coronavirus, we had to be more creative and improvise, but the training was better than I'd even imagined. It was brilliant. And everyone is like family not friends, it's wonderful."

Becca, who aims to work in child protection, is starting her first shifts with Watford's Safer Neighbourhood Team and Intervention.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said: "I would like to welcome these new officers to Hertfordshire Constabulary. They are embarking on a challenging career, but one which brings huge rewards, opportunities and makes a real difference to our community.

"For several years now, I have raised the council tax because residents have told me they want extra officers on the streets. Hertfordshire now has more frontline officers than a decade ago, and is on course to have its largest ever force."

If you feel inspired to become a Hertfordshire police officer, visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk/

Through our 'Positive Action' scheme, Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to building relationships with under-represented groups and encouraging them to join our policing family. For more information and support visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk/diversity
