```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Over the Halloween and Bonfire Night period, police in Broxbourne will be carrying out extra patrols to deter anti-social behaviour and provide a reassuring presence for residents.
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2017
title: Have a safe and enjoyable Halloween and Bonfire Night
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-a-safe-and-enjoyable-Halloween-and-Bonfire-Night-1070
```

* ### **Increased police patrols over Halloween and Bonfire Night**

 * ### **Chief Inspector Butler warns** **any nuisance or unlawful behaviour will not be tolerated**

 * ### **Buying or using fireworks illegally can result in an £80 on-the-spot fine**

Over the Halloween and Bonfire Night period, police in Broxbourne will be carrying out extra patrols to deter anti-social behaviour and provide a reassuring presence for residents.

Anti-social behaviour tends to rise over this period and police are determined that fun does not become a serious nuisance or danger to others.

Chief Inspector for Broxbourne Ian Butler said: "We want everyone to enjoy a safe Halloween and Bonfire Night and whilst not wanting to stop people having fun, we want to ensure that everyone acts responsibly and considers how their actions might affect others.

"In previous years we have seen an increase in anti-social behaviour and criminal damage during this period and I will be ensuring that my officers are a visible presence across the borough to address any nuisance or unlawful behaviour. If your children are going 'trick or treating', I would encourage parents to accompany them and help them to stay safe and trouble-free. We are also working with local shops to ensure that fireworks will not be sold to those underage."

"We want everyone to enjoy this time of year and will take the strongest possible action against those that involve themselves in disorder or violence."

The member for Public and Environmental Protection, Councillor Tim Hutchings, said: "We want all young people to enjoy the occasions of Halloween and Fireworks night, but we need them to behave appropriately. Hopefully, the proposals and advice being put in place will help our residents feel reassured during these evenings and minimise any anti-social behaviour that was witnessed last year in the Borough".

Hertfordshire Constabulary is offering the following advice to anyone planning to go trick or treating:

 1. Children should never go trick or treating alone and always take an adult with them.
 2. Don't knock on the doors of strangers.
 3. Look out for signs that callers are welcome, such as Halloween decorations and police 'Trick or Treaters Welcome' posters in the window.
 4. Keep your Halloween 'tricks' safe - damaging property, hurting people, using threatening behaviour or abusive language are all crimes.
 5. Remember road safety advice, particularly after dark. Hertfordshire Constabulary is running a Halloween quiz competition for children, who can win tickets to **360 Play **in Stevenage, **Paradise Wildlife Park** in Broxbourne or the **Warner Bros. Studio Tour - The Making of Harry Potter **in Leavesden.For those considering buying fireworks over this period, police would recommend attending a supervised display as the safest way to enjoy Bonfire Night. If you are thinking of buying fireworks these are regulations you must be aware of:
 6. To take part in the competition or for more advice on staying safe this Halloween visit www.herts.police.uk/halloween, where you can also download a 'Trick or Treaters Welcome' poster.
 7.

 * You have to be 16 or over to buy 'novelty' fireworks, such as sparklers, caps and 'serpents', and 18 or over to buy all other types of fireworks.
 * It is illegal for any person to use fireworks in a public place that has not been designated for use as an organised display.
 * Fireworks cannot be used between 11 pm and 7 am, with the exception of certain specified nights, such as 5 November, Diwali, Chinese New Year and New Year's Eve. On Monday 5 November fireworks can be let off up until midnight.
 * You can get an on-the-spot fine of £80 for buying or using fireworks illegally, or in more serious cases courts can impose fines up to £5,000 and/or imprison offenders for three months.
 * Keep candles or tea lights out of reach of children and animals. Children should be supervised at all times.
 * Keep candle flames a safe distance from curtain, furniture and decorations at all times. Fancy dress costumes can burn easily, keep away from fire.
 * If clothing does catch fire remember STOP! DROP! ROLL!

For more information on the r **egulations regarding the use of fireworks visit:**www.gov.uk/fireworks-the-law **.**
