```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A second person has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death of a man in Hoddesdon on Tuesday (December 4).
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2018
title: Second person arrested in connection with Hoddesdon murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/second-person-arrested-in-connection-with-hoddesdon-murder-2197K
```

* ### A second person has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the shooting of a man in Hoddesdon.

 * ### The victim, aged in his 20s, was shot on Tuesday and sadly later died in hospital.

 * ### A 16 year old boy, who was also arrested on suspicion of murder, remains in police custody.

 * ### Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information.

A second person has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death of a man in Hoddesdon on Tuesday (December 4).

The 25 year old man, of no fixed address, was arrested yesterday evening (Thursday) and remains in police custody at this time.

A 16 year old boy from Broxbourne, who was also arrested yesterday on suspicion of murder, remains in police custody.

Officers were called to Ogard Road in Hoddesdon at 9.25pm on Tuesday after it was reported that a man - aged in his 20s - had sustained a gunshot wound to his face. He sadly later died in hospital.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are continuing to appeal for information and witnesses.

DCI Jerome Kent said: "As part of our investigation, we would like to speak with anyone who was in the following areas between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday: Ogard Road, Castle Road, Old Highway, Old Highway Recreation Ground Lee Road and St Cuthberts Road.

"Did you see what happened or a group of people in the area around this time? If so, please get in touch."

Anyone who has information in relation to this incident is asked to contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference ISR 827 of December 4, or online

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
