```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing to trace a woman who may have witnessed the incident.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-hemel-hempstead-1886
```

* ### Did you step in to help victim after an alleged assault in Hemel Hempstead on September 20?

 * ### It happened to the rear of Woodhall Farm community centre off Datchet Close at around 8.30pm

 * ### If that was you, or you have any further information that could help, please call DC Paula Mowbray on 101 quoting crime reference 41/38783/18

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing to trace a woman who may have witnessed the incident.

It is reported to have happened in the park to the rear of Woodhall Farm community centre, off Datchet Close, at 8.30pm on Thursday, September 20.

The victim, a man in his 30s, was walking through the park when he was attacked by a man who is reported to have been in possession of a small knife. The victim suffered a cut to his lip and he was also punched.

Detective Constable Paula Mowbray, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing our enquiries into this incident but are particularly keen to trace an elderly woman, who was reportedly in the area at the time and stepped in to help.

"If this was you, we would really like to speak to you as you may have information that is vital to our case.

"If a friend or family member has spoken to you about an incident like this or similar, we would also like to hear from you.

"We would like to take this opportunity to reassure the community that we believe those involved are known to one another, and that we are not treating this as a random attack."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Mowbray on _paula.mowbray@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/38783/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 37-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm in connection with this incident. He has been released on bail until Wednesday, October 17.
