```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Cannabis with a street value of \xA350,000 has been seized in Letchworth as police teams in North Herts, acting on intelligence from local residents, crack down on drug related crime."
publish:
  date: 17 Mar 2021
title: Thousands of pounds worth of drugs seized in North Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thousands-of-pounds-worth-of-drugs-seized-in-north-herts-1217g
```

* ## Officers in North Herts crack down on drug crime.

 * ## £50,000 worth of cannabis found in the boot of a car.

 * ## Proactive patrols continue to act on intelligence from the local community.

Cannabis with a street value of £50,000 has been seized in Letchworth as police teams in North Herts, acting on intelligence from local residents, crack down on drug related crime.

A 20-year-old man from Buntingford was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply, after a member of the public reported suspected drug dealing from a vehicle in Dunlin in Letchworth. From the information the witness provided, officers were able to track down the car and after searching the vehicle, found two large bags of cannabis in the boot.

On Friday 12 March, officers from Operation Scorpion and the Local Crime Unit, executed a warrant in Upper Maylins in Letchworth, following reports about possible drugs activity in the area. On this occasion nothing was found, but the teams will continue to act on intelligence.

Detective Inspector Angi Griffiths said: "I would like to thank our local communities for the vital information they provide. We might not always take act immediately, as some issues require further investigation, but I want to reassure you that we are listening and we will always take action where we can.

"Officers from the Scorpion Team continue to proactively patrols areas where local residents have raised concerns about drug related crime, so please keep reporting this to us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Herts echo (opens in a new window) and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
