```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police have issued two \xA31,000 Fixed Penalty Notices to organisers of two separate gatherings that recently breached coronavirus restrictions in Hertfordshire."
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2020
title: "Two \xA31,000 Fixed Penalty Notices issued after wedding and music event"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-1000-fixed-penalty-notices-issued-after-wedding-and-music-event-0891
```

* ### Two £1k Fixed Penalty Notices have been issued to organisers of separate events in Hertfordshire that breached coronavirus restrictions

 * ### The first was a wedding in Northaw and the second was a music event in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Chief Supt Matt Nicholls said he wanted to make it 'crystal clear' that the Constabulary would not tolerate breaches

Police have issued two £1,000 Fixed Penalty Notices to organisers of two separate gatherings that recently breached coronavirus restrictions in Hertfordshire.

On Saturday 31 October, officers were called to a wedding reception in Northaw, near Potters Bar, which had an estimated 100 people in attendance.

At that time, the law stated that wedding ceremonies and receptions must consist of no more than 15 guests.

In the early hours of Sunday 1 November, officers were called to a music event in a location off London Road in Hemel Hempstead, where an estimated 50 people were in attendance. They seized music equipment and dispersed the gathering.

Again at the time, the law stated that gatherings outside of the home must not exceed more than six people.

On Tuesday 17 November, both the Northaw venue and the organiser of the music event were issued with a Fixed Penalty Notice (FPN) for £1,000 respectively, in relation to the breaches which contravened the business restrictions. Those in attendance at both events were dispersed with individual warnings at the time.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, who is leading the Constabulary's response to the virus, said: "Since these events took place, we have entered a second lockdown which is clear evidence that we need to continue to do all we can to prevent further spread of this deadly virus. The grave truth is, these restrictions are in place to save lives.

"There will be a time in the future when we can enjoy weddings, parties, concerts and gatherings unfettered by social distancing and a pandemic which I know has curtailed our way of life for many months now. But please, I urge you to play your part and respect the lockdown measures.

"We have been, and will continue to, conduct regular patrols to ensure that the Government regulations are being adhered to. Officers are visiting businesses, transport hubs, parks, schools and responding to COVID-related calls to addresses in the area.

"I want to make it crystal clear that Hertfordshire Constabulary will not tolerate serious cases of disregard to law and as both these examples clearly show, those intent on ignoring it will be dealt with and educated without hesitation."

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

Please ensure you understand GOV.UK's guidance before you report a possible breach via your local borough or district council. If you're not sure which district you're in, you can use the county council website's postcode finder.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
