```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team held a crime prevention event on Tuesday, March 13 to raise awareness to people in the town about online scams, frauds and keeping safe online.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2018
title: Police in Hitchin hold event to raise awareness about online scams
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-in-Hitchin-hold-event-to-raise-awareness-about-online-scams-1776G
```

* ### Police in Hitchin raise awareness about online scams.

 * ### Sadly criminals utilise online systems to scam people and it's important everyone knows the risks and how to protect themselves.

 * ### The force's website has information about typical scams and how to guard against becoming a victim.

Officers from Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team held a crime prevention event on Tuesday, March 13 to raise awareness to people in the town about online scams, frauds and keeping safe online.

The event was held at Hitchin BID's (Business Improvement District) offices in Churchyard between 10am and 12pm.

**Police Community Support Officer Sarah Brown ran the event. She said:** "We had a good amount of people attend during the morning who informed me they found it really helpful.

"Nowadays, so much is processed online and most of the time people will not encounter problems. However, sadly criminals can utilise online systems to scam people and it's important that everyone is aware of the risks and how to protect themselves.

"Online scams can happen in many situations when banking, shopping, using dating sites or booking holidays, for example. Ensuring strong passwords are always used and questioning things when they don't seem right are good approaches to protect yourself.

"We would also encourage people to visit the Constabulary's web pages to find out more about the typical scams criminals can implement online and how to guard against becoming a victim of them."

Further information about how to protect yourself and your money when online can be found here or visit the Constabulary's crime prevention site and search for the 'Protect your money' pages. Also follow @actionfrauduk for fraud and advice updates.

Police Community Support Officer Sarah Brown
