```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft from a vehicle in Watford have released photos of a man they think could assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft from motor vehicle in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-from-motor-vehicle-in-watford-0950
```

* ### A bag was stolen from a car in Baxter Road

 * ### The victim's bank cards were then used in multiple fraudulent transactions

 * ### Police are appealing for information

Officers investigating a theft from a vehicle in Watford have released photos of a man they think could assist with their investigation.

The incident took place in Warhol Court, Baxter Road, on Saturday 14 September between 11am and 12pm.

The victim had her handbag stolen from her vehicle which contained her purse. She later found out that her bank cards had been used for multiple fraudulent transactions.

PC Mohamed Huzair, who is investigating, said: "We'd like to speak to the man in the photos, as it's believed that he may have been in the area at the time, and might be able to assist with our investigation.

"If you recognise him, or believe you have any information, please get in contact.

Anyone with information can contact PC Huzair directly via email at Mohamed.Huzair@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/83488/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
