```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information following a random attack in the town in the early hours of Sunday morning (April 22).
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2018
title: Appeal for information following random attack
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-random-attack-0106E
```

* ### Man stabbed in unprovoked attack.

 * ### Incident happened in under pass in the early hours.

 * ### Detectives issue description and appeal for any information.

Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information following a random attack in the town in the early hours of Sunday morning (April 22).

At 3.30am a 42 year old man was walking home from a friend's house after the storm. As he walked through the underpass in Fairlands Way close to the swimming pool, he saw another man approaching from the opposite direction. The man walked past the victim, but then turned round and came up behind him, stabbing him in the back of the thigh with what is believed to be a machete.

The offender then fled the scene and the victim called an ambulance. He was taken to the Lister Hospital for treatment where he currently remains.

Investigating Officer Detective Sergeant Fay Tooley said: "This appears to have been a completely unprovoked attack by a stranger, with no obvious motive. Nothing was said by the offender and he did not take anything from the victim.

"There were no other people in the vicinity, however if you did witness anyone behaving suspiciously in the area at that time, please contact us. We would also like to hear from you if you witnessed or are aware of anyone behaving strangely or out of character that night."

The offender is described as a white man with short blond or light brown hair. He was around 5'8" tall and was wearing a grey top and black trousers.

If you have any information regarding this incident please contact DS Fay Tooley quoting crime reference number E1/18/3260 on 101 or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
