```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Welwyn Hatfield Police have launched a Facebook page to give residents an insight into the important work they do to keep the borough safe.
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2019
title: Welwyn Hatfield Police launch Facebook page
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-police-launch-facebook-page-0885
```

Welwyn Hatfield Police have launched a Facebook page to give residents an insight into the important work they do to keep the borough safe.

Those who follow the page will be kept up-to-date with good news about arrests, charges and drug seizures and receive crime prevention advice. The page will also feature appeals for witnesses and information about local crimes.

Recent posts on the page include photos of officers welcoming students at the University of Hertfordshire's Freshers' Fair, advice to van owners to help keep their vans secure and news of a Welwyn man who has been sent to prison for abusing his wife.

The page will feature content from numerous teams in Welwyn Hatfield including:

 * Safer Neighbourhood - police officers who focus on addressing both short and long term neighbourhood issues. This team also includes officers who specifically look after the University
 * Intervention - police officers who respond to emergency 999 calls and the majority of 101 non-emergency calls
 * Local Crime Unit - detectives and investigators who investigate local crimes including burglary, theft and assault
 * Op Scorpion - a specialist unit of police officers that tackles acquisitive crime (such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences) and regularly conducts warrants
 * Community Safety Unit - police officers who focus on drug and ASB issues, securing closure orders on properties and revoking premise licences where necessary

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "Facebook is a great way for us to engage with the local community and we hope that the page will be useful for Welwyn Hatfield residents.

"My team work tirelessly to keep the streets of Welwyn Hatfield safe and the page will highlight their hard work. No two days are ever the same and I'm sure the content on the page will reflect the varied nature of our work.

"I would encourage Facebook users to make the most of this new way of engaging with us and 'like' the page so that you receive regular updates about policing in Welwyn Hatfield."

Comments and feedback is welcomed and officers will do their best to answer questions and reply to posts, however the page is not monitored 24/7.

It is not intended to be used as a tool to report crime or anti-social behaviour, so people are encouraged to continue to use the appropriate channels to report incidents in their area.

If there is danger to life or you believe a crime is currently in progress, always dial 999.

For non-emergencies, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101

You can view the Welwyn Hatfield Police Facebook page at facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice.

Click the 'Like' button to follow the page, so the regular updates appear in your news feed.
