```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bushey Safer Neighbourhood Team are holding a knife amnesty in King George Recreation Ground this weekend.
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2020
title: Knife amnesty to be held in Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife-amnesty-to-be-held-in-bushey-0682j
```

* ## Knife amnesty to be held in King George Recreation Ground, Bushey next weekend

 * ## The amnesty follows four linked robberies which took place in the park on Saturday 5 September.

 * ## If you have any information about the robberies, please contact police.

Officers from the Bushey Safer Neighbourhood Team are holding a knife amnesty in King George Recreation Ground next weekend.

They will be in the park between 10am and midday on Saturday 10 and Sunday 11 October.

Unwanted knives can be surrendered anonymously and without fear of prosecution in the temporary knife bins provided.

The amnesty follows four linked robberies which took place in the park on Saturday 5 September.

Between 8.45pm and 9.45pm four teenage boys were separately targeted by four men who forced them to hand over their mobile phones and pin numbers. One of the offenders had a large knife and one of the victims - the 16-year-old boy - had the knife pressed against his face.

In response to the incidents, Safer Neighbourhood Team Officers have carried out additional uniformed and plain clothed patrols in the park and surrounding area. They also held two beat surgeries earlier this month for residents and park goers to share their concerns.

PC Callum Ellis from the Bushey Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "Whilst detectives from the Local Crime Unit at Borehamwood station have been investigating these crimes, we have been doing all we can to prevent further incidents and reassure the local community.

"This amnesty will provide an opportunity for people to hand over any unwanted knives and remove potentially dangerous weapons from circulation. We will also be speaking to people about the dangers of carrying knives and reinforce the message that carrying a knife is illegal and will not help to keep you safe."

Detective Sergeant Chris Parperi from the Local Crime Unit said: "Our enquiries into these incidents continue and I would use this opportunity to renew our appeal for information. One of the offenders was wearing grey clothing and the other three were wearing dark coloured clothing. One of the men had a bandana covering his face while another was wearing a surgical face mask. Do you recall seeing these men in the area that evening? If you have any information, please make contact."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/71248/20**.

If you are concerned or have information about someone carrying knives or are aware of anyone involved in knife crime you can report this by calling the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If you would like further information on support services relating to knife crime contact Fearless.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Bushey. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-bushey and tell us your thoughts.
