```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating criminal damage caused to a flat door in Hoddesdon have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2019
title: CCTV appeal following criminal damage in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-Hoddesdon-0425k
```

* ### Officers would like to identify a man on CCTV as he may be able to help an investigation looking into criminal damage in Hoddesdon.

 * ### The incident occurred between 7pm on Tuesday 28 May and 9am on Wednesday May 29 in Paddick Close.

 * ### If you have any information that could assist our enquiries, please contact 101, quoting reference, 41/48156/19.

Officers investigating criminal damage caused to a flat door in Hoddesdon have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between 7pm on Tuesday May 28 and 9am Wednesday May 29, paint was thrown over a flat door in Paddick Close.

PC Richie Stewart from the Broxbourne Intervention team said: "We hope to speak to the man pictured, who was around the area at the time, as they may have some useful information that could help the investigation.

"Please get in touch if you recognise him."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Stewart via email at richie.stewart@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/48156/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
