```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary where a number distinctive coins were stolen are appealing for information.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2018
title: "Appeal after rare coins were stolen \u2013 Bovingdon"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-rare-coins-were-stolen-Bovingdon-1798D
```

* ### A large number of rare and distinctive coins were stolen from a property in Bovingdon.

 * ### It happened in Shantock Lane between February 19 and 22.

 * ### Please call 101 quoting crime reference number D1/18/1683.

Officers investigating a burglary where a number distinctive coins were stolen are appealing for information.

It happened in Shantock Lane between 7am on Monday, February 19 and 11am on Thursday, February 22.

Between these times, offender(s) have gained entry to the rear garden of a property before using a rock to smash a patio door.

They entered the property and carried out a search before taking a large collection of collectible coins from a display cabinet, including:

 * King George IV sovereign 1826
 * William IV 1831-37 gold sovereign
 * George III 1817 sovereign
 * George IV Sovereign 1st type (1821-1825)
 * 2010 Sir Winston Churchill gold double sovereign
 *

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "I am keen to speak to anyone who may have been offered these distinctive coins for sale. Perhaps you work in an antique shop or a pawnbroker, or you may have seen something similar for sale on eBay.

"Many of these items are of great sentimental value to the victim and I am doing my best to reunite them with their possessions."

If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email peter.spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number D1/18/1683.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
