```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: People with a curious, inquisitive mind, who think they may have what it takes to be a detective, are being encouraged to apply to join Hertfordshire Constabulary as part of the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2017
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary launches Accelerated Detective Constable Programme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-launches-accelerated-detective-constable-programme
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary encourages people to apply for the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme.

 * ### Information evening to be held on Wednesday, October 18 at Police Headquarters in Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### Information evening starts at 6.30pm.

People with a curious, inquisitive mind, who think they may have what it takes to be a detective, are being encouraged to apply to join Hertfordshire Constabulary as part of the Accelerated Detective Constable Programme.

The first of its kind for Hertfordshire, successful candidates will be required to complete a year of intensive training and practical experience to ensure they meet the requirements of a police constable. They will then complete the necessary training to obtain their detective qualification to enable them to become a detective.

Hertfordshire Constabulary will be holding an information evening on Wednesday, October 18, 2017 for potential applicants to find out more about the role. The event takes place at Police Headquarters in Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, starting at 6.30pm and finishing at 8.30pm.

Anyone who would like to attend is asked to register their place at www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk.

Detective Superintendent Clare Smith from the Workforce Development said: "Detectives can work in a number of interesting and varied teams, from investigating prevalent local crime to more specialist investigations including protecting the vulnerable and cybercrime.

"Whilst no previous policing experience is necessary to apply, it is essential that anyone applying displays the skills and attributes suited to the role, including an inquisitive mind, excellent interpersonal skills and a high degree of integrity. It's a challenging job but also one which is extremely diverse and rewarding. I'd encourage anyone interested in finding out more to join us at the information evening."

Applications can be submitted from 19 October. Successful candidates will be required to begin training in May 2018. If you would like to find out more or to apply, visit Herts Police Careers.
