```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The theft happened in the Bennetts End area of the town in the early hours of Saturday 20 June.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: Police issue warning after high-value car stolen in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-issue-warning-after-high-value-car-stolen-in-hemel-hempstead-0291d
```

* ## An Audi RS6 was stolen from a driveway.

 * ## Suspicious activity was also witnessed around a second high value vehicle.

 * ## Officers are urging people to review their security and report anything suspicious to police.

Officers investigating the theft of a high-value car in Hemel Hempstead are warning owners of similar vehicles to be vigilant after reports of suspicious activity in the area.

The theft happened in the Bennetts End area of the town in the early hours of Saturday 20 June.

An Audi RS6 was stolen from the victim's driveway after several offenders broke into the property and stole the car keys from inside.

The vehicle was later found abandoned on the M25 before being recovered for forensic testing and returned to its owner.

A separate call received on the same night from a member of the public in Chambersbury Lane - not far from where the car was stolen - reported men acting suspiciously around a car.

Detective Constable Emily Martin, who is investigating, said: "We have conducted extensive enquiries so far and are keeping an open mind as to whether this offence is part of a wider series. In the meantime we would like to appeal to owners of high-value cars to review the security of their vehicles, and for residents to remain vigilant to suspicious activity. If you suspect a crime is in action, please always dial 999."

Read about vehicle crime prevention advice on our website here.

You can report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/48018/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
