```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Berkhamsted are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 4 Aug 2020
title: Did you witness assault in Berkhamsted?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-berkhamsted-0452d
```

* ## The incident occurred in the High Street.

 * ## A man sustained an injury to his ear.

 * ## Witnesses are being sought.

Detectives investigating an assault in Berkhamsted are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident happened in the High Street, outside The Crown pub, sometime between 11.20pm and 11.40pm on Thursday 16 July.

A physical altercation occurred, during which a man aged in his 20s suffered an injury to his ear which required hospital treatment.

Detective Constable Natasha Gibbings, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "A man has been arrested in connection with the incident and our enquiries are continuing at this time.

"It is believed there were a number of people in the area who may have seen what happened and I am appealing for any witnesses to the incident to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/55968/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

 * A 18-year-old man from Tring has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been bailed until 13 August while enquiries continue.

**

**
