```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Rickmansworth have released an image of a man that they would like to identify, as he may be able to assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-rickmansworth-0863
```

* ### A BMW was broken into between 8.30pm Tuesday 10 September - 7.45am Wednesday 11 September

 * ### A wallet and two pairs of headphones were stolen

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with any information to come forward

Police are investigating a theft in Rickmansworth and have released an image of a man that they would like to identify, as he may be able to assist with their investigation.

The incident took place between 8.30pm Tuesday 10 September and 7.45am Wednesday 11 September, on Moor Lane.

The victims' vehicle, a grey BMW X5, was broken into. Multiple items were found to be missing, including a wallet that contained cash and a prepaid GoHenry card, and two pairs of headphones.

The victim was then notified that the prepaid card had been used in a McDonald's branch in London. The card was later used in the Harrow branch of Tesco.

PCSO Alan Waller, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We hope to talk to the man seen in the images as we believe that he was in the area at the time of the incident, and that he may have information that could assist with our enquiries.

"Please get in touch if you recognise him."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Waller directly via email at alan.waller@herts.pnn.police.uk. You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/82365/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
