```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With the help of local residents, the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) in Royston have now set their new policing priorities for the next three months
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2020
title: Policing priorities for Royston set for next three months
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/policing-priorities-for-royston-set-for-next-three-months-0819g
```

* Local residents have their say on what their local police team should focus on.
 * Safer Neighbourhood officers analyse local feedback to see what matter most in their communities.
 * New policing priorities set for the next three months.

### With the help of local residents, the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) in Royston have now set their new policing priorities for the next three months.

The SNT is responsible for dealing with short and long-term neighbourhood issues, such as anti-social behaviour, and they work with local partners, including North Herts District Council, to ensure that the town and surrounding rural areas are safe places to live and work.

Prior to setting the new priorities, the team ran a feedback campaign in which local residents were encouraged to submit their views on what issues their local officers should focus on. They did this via OWL - the Constabulary's online watch link service and via echo, the new community voice platform.

After analysing the feedback, the following priorities have been set and the dedicated Royston team of PCs and PCSOs will be working to address them:

 1. **Speeding** - focussing on Melbourne Road, Newmarket Road and Burns Road.
 2. **Anti-social behaviour** \- focussing on drug dealing in Priory Gardens and Burns Road BMX track.
 3. **Theft from vans** in both Royston Town and the rural areas.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Jon Vine said: "These priorities have been set following feedback from residents and I would like to thank them for taking the time in sharing what matters most to them. It's really useful to understand what you would like to see from us.

"These priorities will be reviewed again in three months, but in the meantime, you can still provide us with feedback using echo. Simply go to bit.ly/police-royston and have your say. It's important to note that some comments we receive are about things that aren't police matters, such as parking and litter, however we do pass these comments to our partner agencies, such as North Herts District Council so that they are aware and can look to tackle them."

You can follow @ NthHertsPolice on Twitter and 'North Herts Police' on Facebook for regular updates from your Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
