```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision near the M25.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following serious collision near M25
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-near-m25-1313
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision near the M25.

 * ### The collision happened at around 12.30am on Thursday 23 January.

 * ### Two vehicles were involved, a silver Volkswagen Golf and a white Ford Transit van.

Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a serious collision near the M25.

At around 12.30am yesterday (Thursday 23 January), two vehicles - a silver Volkswagen Golf and a white Ford Transit van - were involved in a collision on the roundabout of the A405, at Junction 21A.

One man was taken to hospital, where he remains at this time in a serious but stable condition.

Sergeant Tom Daly, who is investigating, said: "If you were driving in the area in the early hours of yesterday morning, or the late hours of Wednesday night, and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review your footage and send us anything you think may assist with our enquires.

"Alternatively, if you were in the area and recall seeing a distinctive old-style silver Volkswagen Golf, please get in contact with us. Any information, regardless of how minor or insignificant it may seem, could be vital to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sergeant Daly directly via email at tom.daly@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **Op Tarry**. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
