```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in North Herts have been working in partnership with North Herts District Council, following increased reports of anti-social behaviour on Windmill Hill in Hitchin and in Great Ashby Park.
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2020
title: Police and partners work to keep public spaces safe
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-and-partners-work-to-keep-public-spaces-safe-0286g
```

* ## Large gatherings in Windmill Hill and Great Ashby Park prompt police action.

 * ## Numerous reports of ASB from local residents.

 * ## Dispersal Orders but in place after large groups of people refuse to leave the areas.

Police in North Herts have been working in partnership with North Herts District Council, following increased reports of anti-social behaviour on Windmill Hill in Hitchin and in Great Ashby Park.

On Thursday 25 June, officers attended both locations after reports were received of large numbers of people congregating and behaving in an anti-social manner, as well as failing to maintain social distancing.

With officers being unable to reason with the large crowds, a Dispersal Order was put in place at Windmill Hill, which enabled the area to be cleared. Significant amounts of litter were left behind there as well.

The following evening a further Dispersal Order was implemented, this time at both locations. This remained in place throughout the weekend until 7pm on Sunday 29 June.

Commenting on the situation, Neighbourhood Inspector James Lant, said: "Both Windmill Hill and Great Ashby Park are beautiful locations, and focal points for residents and visitors to meet up with friends and family. Our aim is to keep these areas safe and enjoyable for all.

"As a result of the good weather, we have seen a big rise in the frequency and size of gatherings at these locations. Whilst the vast majority of people congregating have done so responsibly, in line with social distancing and with regard for local residents, there have been a small number of individuals who have acted in a manner that does not mirror that of the majority.

"As a result we have, and will continue to utilise, the powers available to us, to ensure that everyone can enjoy these locations peacefully. I am pleased to say that there were fewer reported incidents of anti-social behaviour over the weekend.

"That said, we will continue to work with partners and residents to address this matter. I want people to be able to enjoy the open spaces in North Herts, as they are intended to be enjoyed - with family, friends and community enjoyment at their heart."

Cllr Judi Billing, NHDC's Executive Member for Community Engagement said: "We urge people to listen to the advice of the Police and not to congregate in large groups in our parks or greenspaces.

"I know it's really hard for people who have been separated from their friends for months on end but anti-social behaviour can break out at gatherings like this, as it unfortunately did last Thursday. This was very distressing for residents who live in these areas and it took up a lot of Police time and resources.

"We all have a responsibility to stay safe, act sensibly and ensure our already stretched emergency services are not put under unnecessary pressure during this extraordinarily difficult time."
