```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Shoppers at Van Hage\u2019s garden centre in Great Amwell were able to pick up some free goodies and advice at the latest crime prevention roadshow to be held around the county."
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2019
title: Crime prevention roadshow visits Great Amwell
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crime-prevention-roadshow-visits-great-amwell-1063
```

* ### Shoppers at Van Hage's given crime prevention advice

 * ### The event was part of a countywide series of crime prevention roadshows

 * ### More events scheduled for Hemel Hempstead and Waltham Cross

Shoppers at Van Hage's garden centre in Great Amwell were able to pick up some free goodies and advice at the latest crime prevention roadshow to be held around the county.

The Ware Safer Neighbourhood Team joined Crime Prevention Officers in the centre on Thursday 21 November, where they were giving away free timer switches, purse bells and straps, as well as tips on how to keep homes and valuables safe this winter. Shoppers were also treated to a talk from Van Hage's head gardener on how to keep gardens secure using defensive plants.

Crime Prevention Officer Darren Cowell said: "We want to get people thinking about home security this autumn because as we approach Christmas, burglaries and other crime can increase. Gardens are often the route that burglars take to access homes, so by planting some spikey or climbing plants around your borders, you can make it much more difficult for them to gain access.

He said: "This event is part of a series of crime prevention events we will be running around the county, so keep an eye on our Facebook and Twitter accounts to find out when we will be in your area."

The next roadshows will be on:

 * Wednesday 27 November at Tesco in Shenley Road, Borehamwood, 10.30am to 2.30pm.
 * Saturday 30 November in Hemel Hempstead town centre, 10.30am to 2.30pm.
 * Tuesday 10 December in the Pavilliion Centre in Waltham Cross, 10.30am to 2.30pm.

Crime prevention roadshows will running across the county in the weeks leading up to Christmas, follow @HertsPolice on Twitter and Facebook.

These are some easy things you can do to keep your home secure this autumn:

 * Use timer switches on a lamp, radio or tv set so that they turn on as it gets dark in the afternoons.
 * Make a habit of checking that ground floor windows and doors are closed and locked when you leave the house or go to bed. Upstairs windows should be locked when the house is unoccupied.
 * PVCu doors must be locked by lifting the handle **and turning the key** to ensure all the security features are in place.
 * Car and house keys should be kept out of sight in a safe place. Don't leave them on display on window sills, in porches, hallways or kitchens.
 * Secure your rear garden by shutting and locking any gates. Burglars can use garden tools, like ladders to break in, so make sure you securely lock away any tools after use.
 * For more crime prevention advice visit: www.herts.police,uk/protectyourhome.
