```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of a speedboat stolen from Hertford in a bid to trace its whereabouts.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: Have you seen speedboat stolen from Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-speedboat-stolen-from-hertford-2662a
```

* ### The boat was stolen from Freedom Farm during the first weekend of February.

 * ### A trailer with four flat tyres was also taken.

 * ### A white Transit-style van was seen in the area at the time.

Police are releasing images of a speedboat stolen from Hertford in a bid to trace its whereabouts.

The 18ft-long, black Shakespeare boat is believed to have been taken from Freedom Farm in Mangrove Lane, during the first weekend of February. A black twin-axle trailer, with four flat tyres, was also taken.

PC Colin Trowles, who is investigating, said: "It has been reported that the trailer was seen being towed by a white Transit-style van, with two males inside. The boat itself is highly distinctive as it has no seats inside it and a crack in the windscreen.

"I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may have come across it to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen a white van in the area in suspicious circumstances."

Anyone who thinks they may have seen the boat, or has information about the theft, should contact PC Trowles via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/18820/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
