```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Northchurch.
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Northchurch
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-northchurch-0593
```

* ### Appeal after an attempted robbery in Northchurch

 * ### Incident happened on Wednesday 2 September at around 2.45pm

 * ### If you have any information, please contact police on 101

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Northchurch.

The incident happened on Wednesday 2 September at approximately 2.45pm in Bell Lane.

A woman, who was walking to work, was approached by two men in a white Mercedes, one of whom produced a large knife before demanding that she gave them her money and phone.

After assessing that she had no money in her possession and that her phone was an older model that they did not want, the two men - who were wearing balaclava type face coverings - drove off.

PC Emily Brooks said: "We are doing everything we can to find the two men responsible for this and I am urging anyone who saw what happened or anyone with any information about the incident to get in touch.

"The two offenders are described as being black males, both wearing dark coloured tracksuits.

"Unfortunately, the injured party was not able to get the registration of their vehicle, which was a white Mercedes.

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in helping us to find the people responsible for this attempted robbery.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/70314/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on **0800 555 111** or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
