```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Like millions around the world, we the Herts Black and Asian Police Association (HBAPA) committee and members mourn the loss of George Floyd. His senseless killing is another tragic example of unequal justice and use of disproportion force.
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Message from Hertfordshire Black and Asian Police Association
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/message-from-hertfordshire-black-and-asian-police-association-080620all
```

Like millions around the world, we the Herts Black and Asian Police Association (HBAPA) committee and members mourn the loss of George Floyd. His senseless killing is another tragic example of unequal justice and use of disproportion force. Our heartfelt and deepest sympathies go out to the family, friends, loved ones and community of George Floyd.

In those moments George Floyd was no longer seen as a human being, his cries for help, his struggles and his distress were ignored by the people who are trained to uphold the law and protect him. The actions of the officers goes against everything we believe and our core values. Any officers who falls below those values and standards expected must be held accountable. This incident undermines everything we in the Police aim to achieve, has broken trust and shattered confidence within all communities around the globe.

Now more than ever we must stand up and let our voices be heard. We stand in unity with the National Black Police Associations (NBPA) statement and we call for change. For a few this has been in their awareness for a small number of days but for most this has been years of pain, challenge and heartache. Unfortunately, the George Floyd incident was not the first and it joins countless others before.

It is inspiring to see universal public support, understanding, courage and compassion. We must now see sustained momentum in real change. We are all a part of this and we all have our role in making change in our communities and across the globe.
