```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating an altercation at a barber\u2019s shop in Watford, which resulted in a man suffering puncture wounds, are appealing for information and witnesses."
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following altercation in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-altercation-in-Watford
```

* ### A man suffered puncture wounds when he was attacked with scissors.

 * ### He was treated for his injuries in hospital and has since been discharged.

 * ### A woman has been arrested in connection with the incident.

 * ### Anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating an altercation at a barber's shop in Watford, which resulted in a man suffering puncture wounds, are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 3.10pm and 3.20pm on Friday, December 8, an altercation occurred between a man and a woman at Barber Room 368 in St Albans Road.

The woman is alleged to have stabbed the victim with a pair of scissors causing puncture wounds to his shoulders and back.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, who is investigating, said: "The victim received hospital treatment for his injuries and has since been discharged. Thankfully his injuries were not life threatening and he will make a full recovery.

"This was an isolated incident and both of the people involved are known to each other.

"A 23 year old woman from Watford has been arrested in connection with the incident and is currently on police bail while our enquiries continue."

Anyone with information that may assist the police investigation is asked to contact DC Vint by emailing Julie.vint@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference C4/17/3637 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
