```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of arson in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following arson in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-arson-in-Waltham-Cross-1256K
```

* ### Appeal following suspected arson in Maple Leaf Court, Waltham Cross.

 * ### Fire reported at 6.15 pm on November 1.

 * ### A car and school fence were damaged by the fire.

Officers investigating an incident of arson in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 6.15pm on Wednesday, November 1, the fire brigade received a call to reports of sofa catching fire in the car park at Maple Leaf Court. The fire spread to a vehicle parked close by and fence of the adjacent Four Swans School.

After the police and fire brigade attended, it is believed that the sofa had been purposefully ignited.

Detective Constable Sam Davey from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit, said: "Luckily no one was injured during this incident, but was this was extremely irresponsible act which has damaged property and could have quickly spread and have had very serious, or even fatal, consequences.

"I am appealing for anyone who has information about what happened, or who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area around the time stated, to please contact police."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Sam Davey in the Local Crime Unit at Cheshunt Police Station via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/17/4892 or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
