```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Ware are appealing for two people who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2019
title: Appeal following GBH in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-gbh-in-ware-2713a
```

* ### A man in his 20s sustained a wound to his thigh.

 * ### Police are trying to trace two people who may have seen what happened.

 * ### Anyone with information is urged to come forward.

Detectives investigating an assault in Ware are appealing for two people who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.

Sometime between 9pm and 9.20pm on Monday, March 4, a man aged in his 20s was stabbed in the thigh, after meeting two men in the grounds of Westmill Farm. The men then left the area on foot.

The first suspect is described as being white, around 18 years old, of short and slim build, with dark hair and a large nose. He was wearing baggy jeans and a blue puffa-style jacket.

The second suspect is described as being white, aged around 20, with long curly hair and a spotty complexion. He was wearing a puffa-style jacket with a hood and may have been wearing glasses.

Detective Constable Michael Parker from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim's injuries were initially deemed to be life-threatening and required surgery. Thankfully, he is now recovering.

"We are currently working to establish the circumstances around what happened and are appealing for anyone with information to come forward. It is thought that a dog walker was in the area at the time, along with a man wearing a head torch. I am appealing for these people to please get in touch as they may have information which could assist us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Parker via email to michael.parker@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20989/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
