```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Speeding drivers were targeted on Redbourn Road (10 March) to help address the neighbourhood priority of speeding.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2021
title: You said, we did - helping to reduce speeding on Redbourn Road
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/you-said-we-did-helping-to-reduce-speeding-on-redbourn-road-1302f
```

* ## Speeding drivers were targeted on Redbourn Road yesterday morning.

 * ## It is one of the neighbourhood priorities.

 * ## Follow the work of local officers on Facebook and Twitter **@StAlbansPolice.**

Speeding drivers were targeted on Redbourn Road yesterday morning (10 March) to help address the neighbourhood priority of speeding.

Over 500 cars used the road between 9.30am and 11.30am, with eight cars travelling between 35 to 40mph in the 30mph limit. Officers then moved into the 40mph limit section of the road where they spoke to five drivers who were exceeding the speed limit.

Harpenden Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Essam said: "Unfortunately, some drivers have been using this road as a race track which increases the chances of road traffic collisions and puts other road users in danger. Through 'echo' and other communication, members of the public have made us aware that this road, as well as Marford Road, Station Road, Lower Luton Road, Roundwood Lane, Brewhouse Hill and The Hill continue to be an issue, despite us still being in lockdown with limited travel."

He said: "Due to the wet driving conditions, drivers seemed to be more cautious yesterday, however we did speak to a few drivers who were exceeding the 30mph and 40mph limits and we gave them strong words of advice. If any of them had been excessively speeding, we would have issued fines and in extreme cases, some may have been summonsed directly to court. We will continue speeding operations in the areas identified, so to make sure you are not caught out, obey the speed limit - it is there for a reason."

The two other neighbourhood priorities for Harpenden and rural, which were agreed last week, are fly-tipping and anti-social behaviour in local parks in Rothampstead Park, The Common and Parva Close.

Sergeant Essam added: "You can follow the work of local officers on Facebook and Twitter **@StAlbansPolice** to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep the district a safe place to live, work and visit."

You can use also our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Harpenden echo (opens in a new window).

Please note that echo should not be used to report crime; this should continue to be reported via the usual methods.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window).
