```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Knife bins will be out across Hertsmere next week to support the week-long national amnesty.
publish:
  date: 8 Mar 2019
title: Taking steps to stop knife crime Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/taking-steps-to-stop-knife-crime-hertsmere-2707j
```

Knife bins will be out across Hertsmere next week to support the week-long national amnesty.

"This is an opportunity for residents to dispose of their unwanted knives and we'd especially like to see young people disarming themselves for their own safety," said Neighbourhood Inspector Mark Bilsdon.

Knife bins will be at the following locations:

**Tuesday March 12**

 * From 3pm and 5pm in Sainsburys in Potters Bar.
 * From 10am to 11am at Bushey Golf and Country Club
 * From 11.30am to 12.30pm at Phillimore recreation ground.

**Wednesday March 13**

 * From 3.30pm and 5.30pm at the Furzefield Centre.
 * From 2pm to 4pm at 96 Shenley Road.

**Friday March 15**

 * From 10am to 11am in Bushey Mill Lane
 * From 11.30am to 12.30pm in Watling Street in Radlett.

"Hertsmere remains a very safe place to live and work and it is still only a small number of people committing knife crime," said Insp Bilsdon.

Between Monday March 11 and Sunday March 17, members of the public will be able to surrender any unwanted knives to the police anonymously without fear of prosecution for possession of these items.

The amnesty also provides an opportunity to educate young people about the dangers of carrying a knife, give crime prevention advice and raise awareness amongst local businesses that selling certain knives to anyone under 18 is illegal. As part of a wider campaign officers will be carrying out knife detection operations, test purchasing at retailers who sell knives and visiting schools to deliver talks on the dangers and consequences of carrying a knife.

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Violent crime remains relatively low in Hertfordshire, and previous amnesties have been very effective in reducing the number of knives in circulation. We are developing new initiatives to help young people understand that carrying a knife is not acceptable, is illegal and you are more likely to be injured or arrested if you choose to carry one. The amnesties are now a regular part of our violent crime reduction plan and any knives that can be taken off of our streets will help to make everyone safer."

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman, who is leading on the operational activity for Operation Sceptre, said: "As part of our wider plan to reduce violent crime we continue to support Operation Sceptre and I encourage people to take advantage of the knife amnesty. During the week of action we will also be conducting other operations to reduce knife-related crime, as well as using a poster campaign and social media to help raise awareness, especially among young people, that carrying a knife will not make you safer and is not acceptable in our county."

For further details, log in to

If you suspect someone is carrying a knife, call 101 with details or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
