```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A closure order has been successfully granted for a property in Bishop\u2019s Stortford following numerous complaints around anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use at the address."
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2020
title: "Closure order granted for property in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-granted-for-property-in-bishops-stortford-0937
```

* ### The order was granted for a property in Park View.

 * ### Numerous complaints had been received about the address.

 * ### Anyone who breaches the order by entering the property can be arrested.

A closure order has been successfully granted for a property in Bishop's Stortford following numerous complaints around anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use at the address.

The order was served on the property in Park View, The Causeway, on Wednesday (25 November) and prevents anyone from entering the address for three months. Anyone who breaches the order can be arrested.

PC Stephen Gent, from the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We've received numerous calls about the property, concerning the dealing and use of drugs, excessive noise and vulnerable members of the community being made to feel unsafe in their own homes.

"We worked to gather evidence in support of the order, which was subsequently granted by the district judge under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014.

"This type of behaviour can have a hugely detrimental effect on others living in the area and will not be tolerated.

"Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood is urged to please report the details to us, so that we can take action to make your community safer. Your calls can make a real difference."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
