```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is recruiting Communications Operators for its Force Communications Room (FCR) where dedicated staff answer emergency 999 calls and non-emergency 101 calls 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2019
title: Find out more about working as a Communications Operator for Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/find-out-more-about-working-as-a-communications-operator-for-hertfordshire-constabulary-0572
```

* ### Herts police are hosting an open evening at their headquarters for members of the public who are interested in working as a Communications Officer.

 * ### The open evening will take place on the 12 August at 7pm.

 * ### Those who are interested in going are encouraged to register their interest via the link below.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is recruiting Communications Operators for its Force Communications Room (FCR) where dedicated staff answer emergency 999 calls and non-emergency 101 calls 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Those interested in working at the heart of the Constabulary are being invited to an **open evening at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Monday 12 August from 7pm to 9pm** , where more information will be available about this crucial role and what the job involves.

This is an informal event where guests can find out more about the role, take a tour of the FCR and speak to those who are already working as Communications Operators.

Andy Brent, who works as a Communications Operator, said: "Every day is different in FCR and every day provides an opportunity to help others.

"I became a Communications Operator because it's a role that offers a unique and challenging environment in which to work."

Our communications Operators work flexibly, including weekends, and evenings/nights, to answer emergency and non-emergency calls and direct resources across the county.

Superintendent Ken Townsend, who leads on Public Contact, said: "Working in the FCR is a hugely rewarding job where no day is the same and every day you do something to help those who are most in need and often vulnerable.

"If you are calm in a crisis, can think on your feet and would like a new challenge, I would urge you to come along to the open evening to find out more about this exciting role."

**The open evening is being held at Hertfordshire Constabulary 's Headquarters in Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, Herts, Al8 6XF from 7pm to 9pm. Tea and coffee will be provided on the evening. **

**Further details can be found on our recruitment page:**

https://www.herts.police.uk/Apply/Work-for-us/Communications-operators/Communications-operators

** **
