```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Twenty-two Hertsmere police cadets raised an amazing \xA33,222 by taking part in a 24-hour static bike ride to buy a defibrillator for Potters Bar residents \u2013 far exceeding their \xA32,000 goal."
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Police cadets use pedal power to raise money for a defibrillator for Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-cadets-use-pedal-power-to-raise-money-for-a-defibrillator-for-potters-bar-1043j
```

* ## Hertsmere police cadets raised an amazing £3,222 by taking part in a 24-hour static bike ride to buy a defibrillator for Potters Bar residents.

 * ## The Cadets aged from 13 to 18 started their challenge at 5pm on 1 November and continuously pedalled until 5pm on 2 November.

 * ## If you haven't already donated and would like to, please go to: https://www.aeddonate.org.uk/projects/hertsmere-police-cadets/

Twenty-two Hertsmere police cadets raised an amazing £3,222 by taking part in a 24-hour static bike ride to buy a defibrillator for Potters Bar residents - far exceeding their £2,000 goal.

Hertsmere Police Cadet Chairman, Jake Pike, who organised the event, said: "It was a great team effort and I'm really pleased with how it went and how much we have raised. We are now in the process of finding a location for the de-fib and are hoping to have it installed by Christmas. We will also be offering local residents free first aid training in using the defib with the council and fire service due to the extra money raised. We hope that public access to a defibrillator in Potters Bar could save someone's life in the future."

They were given a lot of support during the challenge including from family and friends and on and off duty Hertsmere officers including Chief Inspector Clare Smith. She said: "The cadets have shown great initiative in organising this event and they done it to give something back to the community. They are great role models for young people and I'm very proud of them."

They were also donated a cake by a member of police staff which was raffled to boost funds.

Jake added: "I'd like to thank Tesco in Potters Bar for letting us use their store, the Furzefield Centre for donating a bike for the event and everyone who came along to support us."

The Cadets aged from 13 to 18 started their challenge at 5pm on 1 November and continuously pedalled until 5pm on 2 November.

The Hertsmere Police Cadets are working alongside charity AEDdonate to have the defibrillator installed.

If you haven't already donated and would like to, please go to this page.
