```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following robbery in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-Stevenage
```

* Did you witness the robbery of a woman in a mobility scooter in Fairlands Valley Park?
 * It happened by the boating lake between 4pm and 4.30pm yesterday (Thursday, April 19)
 * Two men attempted to take the victim's handbag and Amazon Kindle tablet

Officers investigating a robbery in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened between 4pm and 4.30pm yesterday (Thursday, April 19) at the boating lake in Fairlands Valley Park.

The victim, a lady in her 70s, was sitting opposite the cafe in her mobility scooter when she was approached by two men.

The first man attempted to take the victim's handbag from around her neck, and there was a struggle which led to the victim being struck on the head. The other offender took her Amazon Kindle from her hands before both of them ran off.

This got the attention of several members of the public who rushed to help the victim, and later recovered the Kindle.

The first offender is described as Middle Eastern, between 5ft 5in and 5ft 6in tall and of medium build. He had short black hair and a black beard. He was wearing a blue polo shirt and dark jeans.

The second offender is also described as Middle Eastern, between 5ft 7in and 5ft 8in tall and of medium build. He is thought to be aged between 25 and 35. He too had short black hair and a black beard. He was wearing a grubby-looking grey sports jacket.

Detective Sergeant Ian Sheridan, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a cruel attack on a vulnerable lady who was left understandably distressed by what happened.

"I would like to commend the members of the public who came to her aid and saw the Kindle returned to her. However, they did not leave their details so we have not yet been able to speak to them. If this was you, please make contact with us as soon as possible.

"The robbery happened in an area with high footfall, and it would have been especially busy yesterday due to the sunny weather.

"Therefore I am appealing to anyone who saw what happened, recognises the descriptions of the men or has any further information they think may help our enquiries, to please come forward and speak to us as soon as possible.

"You can email me at ian.sheridan@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number E1/18/3182."

 Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
