```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with assisting offenders in relation to the death of Christopher Hewett in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2021
title: Man charged with assisting offenders in relation to the death of Christopher Hewett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-assisting-offenders-in-relation-to-the-death-of-christopher-hewett-1225e
```

* ### A man has been charged with assisting offenders following the death of another man in Stevenage.

 * ### Christopher Hewett sadly died following an incident in Meadow Way around 9.15pm on Friday 12 February.

 * ### Call 101 quoting Operation Mantle if you have information to assist this investigation.

A man has been charged with assisting offenders in relation to the death of Christopher Hewett in Stevenage.

Ryan Lee, aged 19, of Wildwood Lane, was charged with assisting offenders by detectives yesterday (Monday 22 February).

He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court for a pre-trial plea hearing on Monday 29 March.

Christopher died following an incident in Meadow Way, Stevenage which occurred around 9.15pm on Friday 12 February.

Two people, a 15 year old boy and a 17 year old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, have been charged with murder. A 16 year old boy was arrested on suspicion of murder, and has been released on bail while enquiries continue. A 41 year old man was arrested on suspicion of assisting offenders and has been released under investigation.

Anyone with further information about this investigation can report it online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **Operation Mantle**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form via Crimestoppers (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo _and tell us your thoughts.
