```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Are you interested in how Hertfordshire Constabulary works to make the county a safer and fairer place for all?
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: New edition of Policing Hertfordshire for Everyone published
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-edition-of-policing-hertfordshire-for-everyone-published-0774all
```

* ## This year's Policing Hertfordshire for Everyone is now available.

 * ## The publications features work done by the constabulary to support diverse communities, tackle discrimination and offer equal opportunities.

 * ## The document is available online now, however a small number of copies will be available from enquiry offices.

Are you interested in how Hertfordshire Constabulary works to make the county a safer and fairer place for all?

Policing Hertfordshire for Everyone is the force's annual publication reporting on its work to support diverse communities, tackle discrimination and offer equal opportunities for everyone.

The 2019-20 edition is available to read online now. It provides a snapshot of projects and work completed throughout the year, from working with Watford Football Club on an anti-racism campaign, to the support provided to victims of crime of all ages and backgrounds.

Due to the current coronavirus restrictions, the number of locations where physical copies have been distributed to have been reduced. However a limited number of printed copies are still available from police station enquiry desks in Hatfield, Stevenage and Watford.

The publication of Policing Hertfordshire for Everyone helps fulfil duties placed on the force by the Equality Act 2010.
