```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A partial closure order has been successfully granted for a property in Borehamwood following numerous complaints about anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2021
title: Closure order granted for property in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-order-granted-for-property-in-Borehamwood-1299
```

* ## Partial closure order secured on Borehamwood property following complaints of anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use

 * ## Only the main occupants can enter the property in Allerton Road for the next three months

 * ## Two men have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a Class B drug

##

A partial closure order has been successfully granted for a property in Borehamwood following numerous complaints about anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use.

The order was served on the property in Allerton Road on 5 March and prevents anyone, other than the main occupants, from entering the address for three months.

The closure order was granted following a warrant executed at the property on 6 February where two men, aged 43 and 19, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a Class B drug* and cannabis was found to be growing inside.

Anyone who breaches the order can be arrested.

Sergeant Matt Cann who leads the Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We've received numerous calls concerning suspected drug related activity.

"Alongside Hertsmere Borough Council and Clarion Housing, we worked to gather evidence in support of the order, which was subsequently granted by the district judge under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014.

"This type of behaviour can have a hugely detrimental effect on others living in the area and will not be tolerated. I hope this reassures local residents that we do and will take action when they report crime and anti-social behaviour to us.

"Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood is urged to please report the details to us, so that we can take action to make your community safer. Your calls can make a real difference."

Councillor Pervez Choudhury, portfolio holder for community safety at Hertsmere Borough Council said: "We appreciate how difficult the situation must have been for people living in and around the area, and we welcome this development.

"Anti-social behaviour can affect people's lives and wellbeing in serious ways and working with Hertfordshire Constabulary and our other partners, we will do everything in our power to resolve issues and ultimately stop such behaviour from occurring.

"The Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership enables us to work with other organisations and ensure a joined-up approach to tackling issues related to crime and disorder."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

*The two men remain on police bail pending further enquiries. **

**
