```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2018
title: Appeal following collision involving Mercedes and moped in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-involving-mercedes-and-moped-in-hatfield-1705
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Hatfield on Sunday, August 26

 * ### It happened at 6.30pm and involved a white Mercedes E200 and a Pizza Hut delivery moped

 * ### If you saw what happened, or were in the area at the time and have dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please call 101 quoting ISR 501 of August 26

Officers investigating a collision in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at the roundabout junction of Queensway and Woods Avenue at around 6.30pm on Sunday, August 26.

The victim, a woman in her 50s, was riding a Pizza Hut delivery moped when it was in collision with a white Mercedes E200.

There was a part road closure following the collision to allow emergency services to attend the scene, but the carriageway was reopened by 8pm.

The female moped rider was taken to hospital with serious injuries, where she remains.

PC Chris Rowley-Smith, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We have launched an investigation to determine the circumstances that led to this collision. If you witnessed this incident and have not yet spoken to us, or have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle and were in the vicinity of the roundabout at the time, we would be very keen to hear from you. The driver of the Mercedes remained at the scene and is helping us with our enquiries."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Rowley-Smith on christopher.rowley-smith@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 501 of August 26. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
