```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Extra police patrols have been allocated to Hertsmere following an increase in burglaries in Borehamwood and Potters Bar this week.
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2019
title: Beat the burglar in Borehamwood and Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/beat-the-burglar-in-borehamwood-and-potters-bar-0966j
```

* ## Extra police patrols have been allocated to Hertsmere following an increase in burglaries in Borehamwood and Potters Bar this week.

 * ## Keep your high-valuable jewellery at a bank, in a safe or in a non-obvious place. Consider investing in an alarm, doorbell camera, timer lights, outside sensor lights or CCTV.

 * ## Cars were stolen in three burglaries in Potters Bar.

Extra police patrols have been allocated to Hertsmere following an increase in burglaries in Borehamwood and Potters Bar this week.

In the past two weeks, there were 17 burglaries across Hertsmere. In Borehamwood, there were three burglaries in Hillside, two in Brook Meadow and two in Elstree. In the majority of burglaries, small items including jewellery and gadgets were stolen.

Neighbourhood Inspector Mark Bilsdon said: "It's a good idea to keep your high-valuable jewellery at a bank, in a safe or in a non-obvious place. Burglars want to be in and out of an address as quickly as possible and don't want to get caught. Don't make it easy for them. Consider investing in an alarm, doorbell camera, timer lights, outside sensor lights, or CCTV. These all act as deterrents for a thief scouring an area to find the quickest way in to an address without being seen."

He added: "We continue to patrol current hotspots, previous hotspots and speak to offenders with a history of burglaries, as part of an in-depth plan to prevent burglaries from happening in the first place."

_There was an attempt to burgle an address in N_ _icholas Road on October 14. An unknown implement was used to open the door, leaving marks on the door frame. The alarm sounded and three offenders ran away in the direction of Deacons Hill Road._

_Between 13 October and 20 October there was a burglary in Wentworth Avenue. The lower panel of the UPVc door was removed and an untidy search of the whole house was carried out. It is unknown whether anything was stolen._

Inspector Bilsdon said: "Offenders are also breaking into homes to steal keys before they steal cars from driveways. Keep your car keys hidden and away from windows or letterboxes, as sometimes vehicles are stolen after thieves managed to steal keys placed close to letter boxes or insecure windows and doors, enabling them to drive the vehicles away without having to break into them."

_A Nissan Qashqai was stolen from the driveway of an address in Ashwood Road in Potters Bar between 8pm on October 13 and 5.15am on October 14._

_A black Mercedes was stolen form an address in St Louis Close at 2am on October 19._

_A BMW was stolen from an address in Sherwood Avenue between 10pm on October 13 and 9.15am on October 14._

Anyone with information about any of these burglaries is asked to report it to police.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime number above. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
