```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision in Northchurch are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2017
title: "Appeal following serious RTC \u2013 Northchurch"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-rtc-northchurch
```

* ### Officers appeal for information and witnesses after serious road traffic collision in Northchurch.

 * ### Collision occurred on the High Street shortly before 7.30pm on Wednesday, October 11.

 * ### Nine-year-old girl collided with a VW Transporter van.

Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision in Northchurch are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on the High Street just before 7.30pm on Wednesday, October 11.

A nine-year-old girl was crossing the road with her mother near to the George and Dragon pub when she was in collision with a VW Transporter van.

She suffered serious injuries and was taken to a London hospital for further treatment. Her condition remains serious but stable.

Following the incident, the road was closed for several hours while officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit conducted an investigation.

Sergeant Stephen Andrews, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This is a very upsetting and traumatic incident for all involved and our thoughts are with the young girl and her family.

"An investigation has been launched and officers are working hard to establish the circumstances leading up to the collision.

"If you witnessed what happened or have any information that you believe could be useful, however insignificant it may seem, please come forward and speak to us if you have not done so already.

"We are particularly interested in those who were driving in the area around the time of the incident and have a dash cam fitted to their vehicle. We would be very keen to view your footage as you may have captured vital evidence."

If you have any information, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number **101** , quoting ISR 725 of October 11.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
