```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers have been charged with murder in connection with the death of Christopher Hewett in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2021
title: Two charged in connection with the death of Christopher Hewett in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-charged-in-connection-with-the-death-of-christopher-hewett-in-stevenage-1205B
```

* ### Two people have been charged with murder following the death of a man in Stevenage on Friday (12 February).

 * ### The incident occurred on Meadow Way just after 9pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting Operation Mantle if you have information which could assist this investigation.

Two teenagers have been charged with murder in connection with the death of Christopher Hewett in Stevenage.

Police were called to Meadow Way at 9.15pm on Friday (12 February) in relation to concerns for the welfare of the 31-year-old.

He was taken to Lister Hospital after suffering stab wounds to the chest, but was sadly pronounced dead shortly after arrival.

A 15 year old boy and a 17 year old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, were arrested on Sunday and subsequently charged with murder last night (Monday 15 February).

They have been remanded in custody and are set to appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Tuesday 16 February).

Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Our thoughts remain with Christopher's family at this difficult time and they are being supporting by our specially trained officers.

"This has been a fast-moving investigation with arrests swiftly made and charges now brought.

"However, we are still appealing for witnesses and for anyone with information that could assist this investigation to please come forward.

"I would also like the community to be aware that anyone aged under 18 who is arrested or charged in connection with a criminal offence is given anonymity by law, unless a specific order is granted by the courts.

"I would therefore ask people to please refrain from speculating on social media about these events or the identities of those involved."

A 16 year old boy who was arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail while enquiries continue.

A 41 year old man who was arrested on suspicion of assisting offenders had been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at www.herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference **Operation Mantle**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
