```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested and a quantity of drugs were seized after a warrant was executed at an address in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2020
title: Man arrested and drugs seized following warrant in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-and-drugs-seized-following-warrant-in-hertford-0003
```

* ### Police had received reports of increased visits to the property.

 * ### A warrant was carried out at the address.

 * ### A quantity of cannabis was seized.

A man was arrested and a quantity of drugs were seized after a warrant was executed at an address in Hertford.

Police had received numerous reports that frequent drug dealing was occurring at the property in Ware Road.

On Monday (30 March) officers from the East Herts Scorpion Team attended the address and a 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

A quantity of cannabis was also seized.

The man has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Nick Anstead, from the East Herts Scorpion Team, said: "Despite Government guidance around social distancing - put in place to help save lives, protect the NHS and stop the spread of COVID-19 - we had received reports of an increase in visits to this particular address. As a result, a warrant was carried out.

"I hope this serves as a warning to those who are involved in supplying drugs that we are still very much acting on intelligence and will not hesitate to take appropriate action."

No one should have to put up with drug crime in their neighbourhood under any circumstances and I would urge the public to keep reporting information to us. We are still here and we are listening."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Concerns about the causes of crime or anti-social behaviour in your local area can still be shared by using our digital feedback platform, echo. All feedback is completely anonymous and there are two ways of submitting it. You can either text 'echo' followed by your comments to 66099 (standard network rates apply), or go to bit.ly/herts-echo.
