```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an offence of racially-aggravated criminal damage in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2020
title: "Witness appeal following racially-aggravated criminal damage \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-racially-aggravated-criminal-damage-watford-0351c
```

* ## Investigation launched after racially-offensive graffiti was found on a bus stop in Watford.

 * ## The graffiti has already been removed by contractor for Watford Borough Council.

 * ## Did you see the offence happen? Do you know who is responsible? Contact police quoting 41/54840/20.

Officers investigating an offence of racially-aggravated criminal damage in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

Just after 10.20pm on Sunday 12 July, the victim noticed some racially-aggravated graffiti on a bus stop on Radlett Road in front of the Timberlake Allotments.

They reported it to Watford Borough Council, who in turn reported it to police.

The graffiti has since been removed by Veolia - a contractor for Watford Borough Council - and an investigation has been launched to try and determine who was responsible.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "Racism will not be tolerated in Watford and we are doing all we can to identify the person who chose to vandalise a bus stop by writing such offensive words.

"Though we do not know exactly when the graffiti was written, we are currently following several lines of enquiry. We would be very keen to hear from any person who witnessed the offence taking place, or anyone with further information they believe could assist our investigation.

"We are working closely with our partners at Watford Borough Council, who acted quickly to remove the offensive words.

"If you are reading this and you know who is responsible for the graffiti, please do the right thing. We must work together to challenge and eradicate racial injustice.

"You don't have to speak directly to police; you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously and the information will never be traced back to you."

You can report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/54840/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
