```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been charged with a distraction burglary following an incident in Broxbourne.
publish:
  date: 7 Jul 2020
title: Woman charged with burglary following incident in Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-charged-with-burglary-following-incident-in-broxbourne-320
```

* ### Woman charged following distraction burglary in Broxbourne.

 * ### Charlene Nelson, aged 39, of London, is set to appear at court later this month.

 * ### We'd like to hear from you if you've been the victim of a similar incident in Broxbourne.

A woman has been charged with a distraction burglary following an incident in Broxbourne.

A woman attended a residential address on Monday 11 May and asked an elderly person for help stating she needed money for a taxi and money was handed over.

Charlene Nelson, aged 39, of Hanover Road, London, was arrested on 14 May and subsequently charged with burglary with intent to steal. She is on remand and due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 20 July.

Investigator Sharon Gibson said: "We would like to hear from any other people who think this type of incident may have happened to them in the Borough of Broxbourne since January 2020.

"If you think this has happened to you, a relative or friend I can be contacted directly via email at sharon.gibson2@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
