```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after an urn was stolen during a burglary in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 1 Sep 2020
title: Appeal after urn stolen in St Albans burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-urn-stolen-in-st-albans-burglary-0568
```

* ### Between 12.45pm on Saturday 22 August and 9.30am on Sunday 23 August, offender(s) gained access to a property in Colney Heath Lane

 * ### They stolen numerous items of jewellery and an urn

 * ### Witnesses and anyone with information should contact DC Austwick by calling 101 or emailing _zoe.austwick@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after an urn was stolen during a burglary in St Albans.

Between 12.45pm on Saturday 22 August and 9.30am on Sunday 23 August, offender(s) gained access to a property in Colney Heath Lane.

They conducted an untidy search and are believed to have taken a white gold necklace, two gold necklaces, two half sovereign coins, two full sovereign coins and two ladies' watches.

An urn containing the ashes of the victim's husband was also stolen.

Detective Constable Zoe Austwick, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "This has understandably been a terrible ordeal, especially as the victim was in hospital at the time of the burglary.

"I am desperately appealing for the public's help to find the urn as well as the other stolen items, which hold huge sentimental value to the victim and her family. Perhaps you have been offered the jewellery for sale?

"The urn is described as a mahogany, almost square-shaped, box that has a brass coloured plaque on the top of the lid with the inscription 'Gerald Sidney Martin January 10, 1929, - October 22, 2014'.

"Please get in touch if you have seen it; it's possibly been discarded so I would urge residents to keep an eye out for it.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to appeal to the offenders to come forward and do the right thing. Your actions have caused great distress and the family are desperate to have the urn back.

"Finally, I'd like to appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time of the offence and may have witnessed either the burglary itself, or suspicious activity.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or me at _zoe.austwick@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/67514/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
