```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have discovered a cannabis factory at a house in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2019
title: Cannabis factory discovered in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-factory-discovered-in-potters-bar-0101j
```

* ### Officers discovered a cannabis factory inside a house in Willow Way, Potters Bar.

 * ### 330 cannabis plants were found with a street value of around £90,000.

 * ### The discovery was made thanks to intelligence shared with police by Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service.

Officers have discovered a cannabis factory at a house in Potters Bar.

Yesterday (Tuesday, April 16), police carried out enquiries at an address in Willow Way where they found around 330 cannabis plants with a street value of about £90,000.

The discovery was made thanks to intelligence shared with police by Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service.

Sergeant David Perkins said: "This is a great example of partnership working with our colleagues in the fire service to take action against the cultivation of drugs and the associated criminal activity.

"Cannabis factories are often linked to human trafficking, modern day slavery and the exploitation of society's most vulnerable.

"These factories use large amounts of water and electricity which are often syphoned from other people's supplies and can pose a fire hazard.

"If you suspect a cannabis factory is being operated in your neighbourhood or have any other information about drug cultivation or dealing, please let us know by calling the non-emergency number 101 or report information online _._

_" If you'd like to remain anonymous you can get in touch with the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or online_ _. "_

 * A 26 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of cannabis. He remains in police custody at this time.

** **
