```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With the summer holidays now in full swing, local neighbourhood officers in Welwyn Hatfield are encouraging young people to be considerate of others during the school break.
publish:
  date: 8 Aug 2018
title: Police message around potential summer anti-social behaviour - Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-message-around-potential-summer-anti-social-behaviour-welwyn-hatfield-1618
```

* ### Police are encouraging young people in Welwyn Hatfield to be considerate of others during the school break

 * ### Local officers often see a spike in anti-social behaviour during the holidays

 * ### The team are supporting Welwyn Hatfield Council's Big Summer campaign, which is a calendar of activities for children and those up to the age of 19

With the summer holidays now in full swing, local neighbourhood officers in Welwyn Hatfield are encouraging young people to be considerate of others during the school break.

The local policing teams often see a spike in anti-social behaviour during the holidays, with the hot weather and long evenings resulting in many residents, including young people, spending more time outside.

The majority of young people in Welwyn Hatfield are sensible and considerate, however it is often the minority that engage in anti-social behaviour which can have a serious impact on those who live and work nearby.

Some examples of anti-social behaviour include littering, graffiti, trespass, vehicle nuisance or rowdy and inconsiderate conduct. This can cause harassment, alarm or distress to those living in the local community.

Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Sophia Adams said: "We want the young people in Welwyn Hatfield to have fun and enjoy the rest of their summer break, but we are also asking them to be mindful of their behaviour and how it may affect others.

"We are also encouraging parents and carers to be, where possible, aware of where their children are, who they are with and what they are doing.

"We are supporting Welwyn Hatfield Council in their Big Summer campaign, which is a calendar of activities running until August 19 with many events that teenagers can get involved in, such as foot golf, high rope assault courses and roller discos.

Councillor Bernard Sarson, Executive Member for Community Safety at Welwyn Hatfield Council, said: "We know it can be difficult to keep children and teenagers entertained during the summer holidays, but our Big Summer campaign includes lots of activities that are aimed at a variety of ages to help ensure everyone can make the most of their time off school.

"Our full events calendar is available to view online at www.welhat.gov.uk/bigsummer"

If you experience anti-social behaviour, please do not hesitate to report it to police. You can do this online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, via our web chat service at https://www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact or via the non-emergency number 101.

If you think there is a crime in process or you consider there to be a threat to life, always call 999 immediately.
