```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team will be hosting a weekly stall at the Howard Centre from this Wednesday (February 20) onwards.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2019
title: Welwyn Hatfield North Police to host weekly stall at Howard Centre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Welwyn-Hatfield-North-Police-to-host-weekly-stall-at-Howard-Centre-2592PR
```

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team will be hosting a weekly stall at the Howard Centre from this Wednesday (February 20) onwards.

PC Alex Smedley, from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The weekly stall will allow us a chance to speak to local residents face-to-face about any concerns they might have.

"Antisocial behaviour (ASB) in the town centre has been raised as an issue locally. Our presence in the Howard Centre will also hopefully deter any nuisance behaviour before it occurs and allow us to take appropriate action if it does."

The weekly stalls are part of ongoing work by the Safer Neighbourhood Team to help combat ASB in the area. Since Friday, February 15, officers from the team have increased patrols to help prevent ASB throughout the current half-term holiday.

PC Smedley continued: "While residents will be able to speak to us about ASB, I'd like to make clear that we'll be on hand to speak about any issues and we'll also be providing crime prevention advice.

"Please feel free to drop by and say hello. We're here to help make the town a safer place to live and work and you shouldn't hesitate to get in touch if you have concerns that you want to raise."

_The weekly stall will be on the ground floor by the escalator every Wednesday from 4pm to 5pm. Where optional requirements mean that officers cannot attend, the team will post this on their Twitter account._

_To keep up-to-date with the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team, you can follow them on Twitter: @WelHatNthPolice_
