```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team were joined by members of the Hertford and Ware Cadet group this week, for a special operation as part of Operation Sceptre.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2018
title: Police cadets join Operation Sceptre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-cadets-join-operation-sceptre-1803A
```

* ### Cadets join Operation Sceptre.

 * ### Weapons sweep conducted in Castle Grounds.

 * ### Specialist training given.

Officers from the East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team were joined by members of the Hertford and Ware Cadet group this week, for a special operation as part of Operation Sceptre.

The cadets and officers conducted a weapons sweep in the Hertford Castle Grounds on Tuesday September 18, as part of Op Sceptre - the national knife amnesty.

The cadets joined local officers from Hertford and Ware to carry out the search. They were first given a briefing by specialist search officers before using the metal detectors acquired by the Community Safety Partnership to search for knives and other possible weapons. A special licence was acquired to allow the detectors to be used in the Castle grounds.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Michael Clark said: "I'm pleased to say that no weapons were found on this occasion and it was a great opportunity for the cadets to learn some new skills and for us to carry out some proactive work around knife crime.

"We take knife crime very seriously in East Herts and I would ask local residents to contact us if they have any concerns about people they may know who are carrying knives or have any information relating to the possible secreting of knives at locations within the town."

If you wish to report suspected knife crime to us please call 101 or report online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

If you are worried that someone you know may be carrying a knife or are affected yourself by knife crime, there is information, help and support available here.
