```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of arson at the former police station building in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 30 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following arson in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-arson-in-borehamwood-1225
```

* ### We are investing an arson at the former police station building in Borehamwood.

 * ### The fire was started on Monday 23 December around 7pm.

 * ### Call us on 101 quoting reference 41/115145/19 if you have information about this.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of arson at the former police station building in Borehamwood.

Police were called at just after 7.30pm on Monday 23 December to reports of a fire inside the building in Elstree Way.

The fire service attended and put the fire out by 10.30pm.

Investigator Kay Leverton said: "Police and fire investigators have assessed the site and we are continuing our enquiries.

"We are appealing for the public's assistance for information about this fire.

"Did you see anything suspicious at the site on the evening of Monday 23 December or do you have CCTV or dash cam footage of the area which may be able to assist the investigation?"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/115145/19.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
