```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information following three burglaries in Stevenage which are currently being linked.
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2020
title: Detectives link three burglaries in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/detectives-link-three-burglaries-in-stevenage-1291e
```

* ## Detectives link burglaries in Stevenage.

 * ## Three offences committed at community venues in the town.

 * ## Officers appeal for witnesses and information.

Detectives in Stevenage are appealing for information following three burglaries in Stevenage which are currently being linked.

The first occurred on Wednesday 15 January between 7.30am and 8am at the Central Mosque in Vardon Road. The offender(s) have entered the grounds through the back gates and accessed the building by smashing a window. Once inside they have forced entry to two safes and stolen money from charity boxes that were inside.

The second burglary happened overnight on Tuesday 14 January at the Pin Green Community Centre in Webb Rise. Offenders have broken an office door and make an untidy search of the room before taking cash and a mobile phone.

The third attempted burglary occurred at Kingdom Hall of Jehovahs at the Oval. Overnight on Wednesday 15 January, offender(s) have tried to break into the premises. The padlock to the gate was removed and someone has attempted to force open the fire exit door.

Investigating officer Detective Ben Swapp said: "We could like to hear from anyone who was in these areas around the times states and who may have seen anything or anyone suspicious.

"We would also like to hear from you if you have any other information which may help our investigation. During the burglary at the Mosque the alarm was activated so this may have alerted people nearby."

Anyone with any information should contact DC Ben Swapp via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/4371/19. You can also report information online _._

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/4371/41.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
