```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with robbery following an incident in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 31 Mar 2021
title: Man charged following Hitchin robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-hitchin-robbery-1377g
```

* ## Paul Mulroy, aged 25, of Freemans Close, Hitchin, was arrested on Friday (26 March).

 * ## He has been charged in connection with a robbery that took place at the Shell Garage in Bedford Road.

 * ## Mulroy has been remanded in custody awaiting his trial.

A man has been charged with robbery following an incident in Hitchin.

Paul Mulroy, aged 25, of Freemans Close, Hitchin, was arrested on Friday (26 March) and charged in connection with a robbery that took place at the Shell Garage in Bedford Road on Saturday 27 February.

DC Nathalia Smith from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, who led the investigation, said: "We know reports of robberies are frightening and our team has been working hard on this investigation.

"Mulroy has been remanded in custody following a hearing at Hatfield Magistrates' Court and we are now awaiting a trial date. I hope this news is reassuring to local residents."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Herts echo (opens in a new window) and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
