```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CIt\u2019s only a matter of time before someone is seriously injured,\u201D said St Albans District Neighbourhood Inspector Adam Such."
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: Mopeds, off road bikes and mini motos riding dangerously in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Mopeds-off-road-bikes-and-mini-motos-riding-dangerously-in-StAlbans-1257F
```

* ### Who are the mini moto riders in St Albans?

 * ### Do not buy mini motos for Christmas, unless you have private land to ride them.

 * ### Parents - where are your children and what are they doing?

"It's only a matter of time before someone is seriously injured," said St Albans District Neighbourhood Inspector Adam Such. "My neighbourhood teams are receiving dozens of calls and emails from residents reporting young people riding mini motos, off road bikes and mopeds illegally and dangerously. The young people have their faces covered and the mini motos and mopeds do not have registered number plates."

The problem is in Alban Way, Camp Road, Highfield, Cottonmill, London Colney and in the city centre.

He said: "We need to know who these young people are as we've had incidents where these vehicles have been deliberately driven towards members of the public on the pavement and riding around the public roads dangerously. If you see anyone riding dangerously, please call 999. Otherwise please call 101 or report it online via the webchat facility at www.herts.police.uk."

He added: "It's recommended that you only buy the mini motos or motorised scooters for your children if you have somewhere to ride them around on private land, with the permission from the land owner. The mini motos are not allowed to be ridden on public roads, and obviously not on pavements.

He added: "Police are not able to pursue these vehicles, due to the safety of the public on and off the roads and the danger to the offenders themselves, but rest assured, we have some information about who they are and with your help, we will do everything we can to put a stop to this reckless behaviour."

Police would also like to hear from anyone who has any information about who may be responsible and we'd like to remind parents to make sure they know where their children are and what they are getting up to. If you do have a mini moto with a designated place to ride it, make sure you keep it in a secure garage, so it doesn't get stolen.
