```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following a robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-in-Hatfield-1245B
```

* ### The victim, a 16-year-old boy, was followed home by two men who threatened him.

 * ### He handed over a quantity of cash to the offenders before they made off.

 * ### It happened in Green Lanes, Hatfield, on Saturday, November 25.

Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Green Lanes between 11.25pm and 11.45pm on Saturday, November 25.

The victim, a 16-year-old boy, was walking home when he was followed by two men who threatened him.

He went inside his home address and retrieved a quantity of cash which he handed to the offenders.

They made off from the scene and the victim was uninjured during the incident.

The first offender is described as a slim man who was around 6ft tall. He wore a black balaclava and grey North Face tracksuit.

The second offender is also described as a slim man who was around 6ft tall. He also wore a balaclava, black jogging bottoms, a black coat and a black Nike cap.

PC Abi Wilkins, from the Welwyn Hatfield Intervention/Response team, said: "This must have been a frightening experience for the victim, who was thankfully not physically harmed during the incident.

"If you saw any suspicious activity in the area around the time stated, or have any further information that could assist us, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/17/5810 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
