```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses and information
publish:
  date: 6 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-waltham-cross-0300k
```

* ### A man in his 20s was headbutted several times near the bus stop in Sturlas Way.

 * ### It's believed drivers may have gone past at the time of the incident.

 * ### The victim sustained bruising to his face and a potential broken nose.

Detectives investigating an assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses and information.

The victim - a 27-year-old man - was near the bus stop outside the Homebase store in Sturlas Way at around 4.40am on Thursday, May 30 when a man approached him.

The man headbutted the victim several times and grabbed his bag, which ripped. The victim sustained bruising to his face and a potential broken nose.

The offender is described as white and of a slightly chubby build. He was wearing a black shirt and black trousers.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax is investigating and said: "We are still working to establish a motive for this shocking attack, which has understandably left the victim shaken.

"We understand that there may have been traffic passing at the time of the incident, including a lorry which sounded its horn. If you were this driver, or another person who was in the area at the time, please get in contact with us.

"Any information, however seemingly insignificant, may prove very useful to our investigation."

Anyone with any information should contact DC Lomax by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/48622/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
