```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Hitchin after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Settle Group and Aldwych Housing Association, took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour and suspected drug activity.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2019
title: Closure Order secured on Hitchin property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-hitchin-property-2534g
```

* ### House in Hitchin closed following complaints from local residents.

 * ### Drug activity and anti-social behaviour reported at the address.

 * ### Police will use every available tactic to tackle ASB.

A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Hitchin after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Settle Group and Aldwych Housing Association, took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour and suspected drug activity.

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at Stevenage Magistrate's Court on Friday February 8 and excludes anyone from entering the property in Radcliffe Road for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5,000, or both.

The property was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the address in an anti-social manner. Reports had been received relating to drug related activity and rowdy behaviour.

Anti-social Behaviour Officer Jeanette Dallimore said **:** "The Closure Order was sought following numerous complaints from local residents who were affected by the behaviour of the occupant and his associates. Officers were called to address on numerous occasions following reports of drug dealing and other associated behaviour.

"I hope this has reassured the community that we take reports like this very seriously and along with our partners, have worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the Closure Order application.

"We will use every available tactic to tackle anti-social behaviour and I would continue to urge members of the community to report any behaviour of this nature to the police."
