```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following a fail to stop collision in which an officer was injured in Collet Close, Cheshunt, today (20th November), we are appealing for drivers to check their dash cam footage and are also appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2018
title: Appeal after an officer was injured in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-an-officer-was-injured-Cheshunt-2113
```

* ### Police are asking motorists to check their dash cam footage following a fail to stop collision where an officer was injured.

 * ### It happened today (November 20) just before 12.30pm in Collet Close, Cheshunt.

 * ### The officer is receiving treatment in hospital.

 * ### A woman has been arrested in connection with the collision and enquiries are on-going to locate a second suspect.

 * ### As part of searches to locate those involved, a cannabis factory was discovered inside a property in Great Cambridge Road. A man has been arrested in connection with this.

 * ### The two incidents are not being linked.

Following a fail to stop collision in which an officer was injured in Collet Close, Cheshunt, today (November 20), we are appealing for drivers to check their dash cam footage and are also appealing for witnesses and information.

At 12.24pm, the officer and a colleague carried out a routine stop on a black Mercedes. The officer was hit as he got out the car and is receiving treatment in hospital.

The Mercedes was driven from the scene, along College Road and down the A10. It was found abandoned in the car park of the Crocodile Pub in Cheshunt.

Officers were subsequently alerted to a man acting suspiciously in a garden off Great Cambridge Road (A10).

Upon going into that house a cannabis factory was discovered. The two incidents are not being linked.

A man, aged in his 30s from Cheshunt, has been arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis.

Following searches of the area a woman, aged in her 30s and from Waltham Cross, was arrested on suspicion of aggravated taking a vehicle without the owner's consent and a public order offence. Enquiries are on-going to locate a second suspect in relation to the fail to stop collision.

Sergeant Michael Davies said: "Our officers were on proactive patrol to prevent and tackle crime and one of them has suffered injuries whilst trying to protect the public.

"I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the initial incident, who may have been driving the route the car took after the collision, or who lives in the area where the Mercedes was found and has dash cam footage or anyone who can assist us with our enquiries to please get in touch via 101, quoting ISR 299 of November 20. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _. "_

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
