```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating an indecent exposure in Watford\u2019s Cassiobury Park have released an image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2020
title: "Appeal for information following indecent exposure \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-indecent-exposure-watford-0360c
```

* ## Detectives are investigating an indecent exposure in Watford's Cassiobury Park on Wednesday 1 July.

 * ## Extensive enquiries have been carried out but now investigating officers have released an image of man they want to identify.

 * ## If you can help, please contact police quoting reference number 41/51292/20.

Detectives investigating an indecent exposure in Watford's Cassiobury Park have released an image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

The offence happened on Wednesday 1 July at 7am. In this incident the victim, a woman aged in her 30s, was jogging when she passed a man who exposed himself to her. He did not attempt to touch or grab the victim at any point.

She stopped to call police but the offender left the area prior to officers' arrival. Despite a thorough area search by attending officers, the suspect could not be located.

He is described as white with a tanned complexion and short, dark hair. He has an angular face but no facial hair. He is approximately 6ft tall and aged in his early to mid-thirties.

Sergeant Chris Parperi, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We have undertaken lengthy enquiries since the victim first reported this offence to us and reassurance patrols have been increased. We have deployed several tactics in order to progress the investigation but we are now releasing this image to the public.

"We appreciate the photograph is of low quality however we owe it to the victim, who was understandably distressed by what happened, to follow up all lines of enquiry in this investigation. We are very keen to trace the man pictured because we believe he has vital information that could assist our inquiry.

"If you think you know who is pictured, or you have any further information about this offence, then please get in touch as soon as you can. You could hold the missing piece of the puzzle that could help us make an arrest."

You can email investigating officer Detective Constable Jennifer Stoddart, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/51292/20.
