```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Royston.
publish:
  date: 20 Jul 2019
title: Did you witness attempted robbery in Royston?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-attempted-robbery-in-royston-0519
```

* ### The incident occurred in Betjeman Road, Royston.

 * ### A man attempted to grab a woman's handbag.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Royston.

The incident occurred in Betjeman Road, between 11.45am and 11.50am on Monday, 15 July.

A woman aged in her 30s was pushing her daughter along the road in a pushchair when she was approached from behind by a man who then tried to grab her handbag, which was hanging over her shoulder.

The victim managed to hold onto the bag and, after a brief scuffle, the man ran off empty-handed.

The offender is described as white, aged in his early 20s or possibly late teens, of very slight build and around 5ft 8in tall. He was wearing a dark blue, cotton-type hoodie with the hood up, navy jogging bottoms and bright white trainers.

Detective Sergeant Will Ainsworth, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim sustained minor injuries to her shoulder as a result of the incident and has understandably been left in shock by what happened.

"I am keen to trace the person responsible and would ask anyone who may have information to please come forward. The victim recalls that a woman was walking towards her just after the incident occurred and I would be keen to speak with this lady, as she may have information which could assist us.

"Similarly, if you recall seeing a man in the area matching the description given, please get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact Detective Sergeant William Ainsworth via email to william.ainsworth@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/64177/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
