```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is taking part in a national knife crime campaign, Operation Sceptre, which aims to rid the UK\u2019s streets of knives."
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2018
title: Hertfordshire knife amnesty update
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-knife-amnesty-update-1797ALL
```

* ### More than 60 items surrendered during Hertfordshire knife amnesty.

 * ### The amnesty will run until Monday September 24.

 * ### Knives can be surrendered anonymously at Hatfield, Stevenage and Watford Police Stations.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is taking part in a national knife crime campaign, Operation Sceptre, which aims to rid the UK's streets of knives.

As part of the campaign a knife amnesty is running in Hertfordshire until Monday, September 24. During the amnesty members of the public can surrender any unwanted knives to the police anonymously and without fear of prosecution for possession of these items.

Any unwanted knives can be surrendered anonymously at one of the following police stations: **Hatfield** , **Stevenage** or **Watford.** The locations and opening times of these stations can be found here.

As of today (Thursday, September 20), more than 60 items had been surrendered in the bins. At **Hatfield** 29 bladed weapons including two samurai swords and a cleaver had been handed in, whilst in **Watford** around 20 mainly kitchen knives were deposited. In **Stevenage** 15 knives have been handed in so far.

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction and Community Safety Team said: "I encourage people to take this opportunity to safely get rid of unwanted or illegal knives and bladed weapons, at the designated Hertfordshire police stations between now and the end of the Operation Sceptre knife amnesty. Together we can #StopKnifeCrime".
