```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 33-year-old former teacher has today (Tuesday, February 20) been sentenced to four years in prison for a number of sexual offences against children.
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: Man sentenced to four years for child sex offences - Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-to-four-years-for-child-sex-offences-Cheshunt-1664
```

* ### Former teacher Alexander Eldridge has been jailed for four years for sexual offences against children.

 * ### Eldridge was found guilty by a jury of seven charges relating to sexual assault and making indecent images of children.

 * ### The crimes were committed between 2013 and June 2017 while Eldridge was a teacher at a school in Cheshunt.

 * ### Upon his release he will be subject of a Sexual Offences Prevention Order for six years and will remain on the Sex Offenders Register for an indefinite period.

A 33-year-old former teacher has today (Tuesday, February 20) been sentenced to four years in prison for a number of sexual offences against children.

Alexander Eldridge, aged 33, of Windsor Drive, Hertford, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court after being found guilty by jury of the following charges on Tuesday, January 30:

 * Three counts of making indecent photographs of a child
 * Two counts of sexual assault of a child under 13
 * Two counts of making indecent photographs of children

He had previously pleaded not guilty to all of the offences, which were committed between 2013 and June 2017 while Eldridge was employed at a school in Cheshunt.

The judge also made him the subject of a Sexual Offences Prevention Order for six years upon his release from prison and he will remain on the Sex Offenders Register for an indefinite period.

Eldridge's offending came to light after one of his victims mentioned to her grandmother that he had touched her inappropriately when helping her to get changed.

The allegation was reported to Hertfordshire Constabulary and Eldridge was arrested before being immediately suspended from his role while extensive enquiries were conducted by the Force's Joint Child Protection Investigation Team (JCPIT). Their hard work resulted in Eldridge being charged with seven offences.

**Detective Constable Anthony Hooper, who led the investigation, said** : "Eldridge was well regarded and in a position of trust. However, he chose to grossly abuse this for his own sexual gratification, by preying on young children when he was supposed to be keeping them safe.

"We as a team have worked very hard to bring this case to court and it has been very emotional for all involved. We would like to take this opportunity to commend the bravery of the victims and their families, for if they had not spoken up then Eldridge could have continued to abuse other children. We would also like to thank the school for their full co-operation throughout the investigation.

"We hope this result will bring some comfort to the victims and their families, and that they will now be able to start to move forward with their lives."

_Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email_ _Herts.SARC@nhs.net_ _or visit_ _www.hertssarc.org_ _._
