```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of suspected stolen property in a bid to reunite the items with their rightful owners.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2019
title: 'Hertford: Is this your property?'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertford-is-this-your-property-0097a
```

* ### It is thought the items were stolen from vehicles in Hertford.

 * ### The offences are suspected to have occurred in January.

 * ### If you recognise any of the items, please get in touch.

Police are releasing images of suspected stolen property in a bid to reunite the items with their rightful owners.

It is thought that the majority of the property may have been stolen during January this year, from vehicles in and around the Sele area of Hertford and the area bordered by:

 * Hertingfordbury Road
 * North Road
 * Welwyn Road
 * Thieves Lane

The property can be viewed here.

Detective Inspector Alex Willcox, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Unfortunately we have seen a rise in thefts from motor vehicles since the start of the year, with the Sele area particularly affected.

"We believe that some of these recovered items may have been taken during those incidents and would like to return them to their owners. However, we are keeping an open mind that they may have been stolen from further afield. If you recognise anything as possibly being yours, please get in touch."

DI Willcox added: "I would like to remind motorists to please check the security of their vehicles. Ensure they are fully locked and secure when left unattended and that no valuable or personal items are left inside - including coats, sunglasses and loose change, as these can all attract opportunist thieves.

"If you witness any suspicious activity around vehicles, please report it to police straightaway, taking full descriptions of the people involved."

Anyone who thinks any of the items pictured may belong to them should email _david.boden@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or _janet.hollis@herts.pnn.police.uk_.
Alternatively, you can contact the East Herts Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101.

Enquiries into the thefts are continuing at this time.
