```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to, as they believe they could help with their enquiries into a theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following theft in a Bishop\u2019s Stortford supermarket"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-in-Bishop\u2019s-Stortford-0399a"
```

* ### Police are looking to speak to a man who may help their enquires looking into a theft in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### A large quantity of champagne was stolen from a supermarket.

 * ### Anyone with information please contact 101, quoting crime reference 41/49047/19.

Police have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to, as they believe they could help with their enquiries into a theft in Bishop's Stortford.

 At 7.55pm on Friday, May 31, a large quantity of Champagne was stolen from Waitrose in Northgate End.

 Staff at the store confronted four men as they headed towards the exit of the car park. The men then ran off towards Castle Gardens before leaving the area in a purple Ford KA, which was parked in Northgate End car park.

 PCSO Adam Pemberton from the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We'd like to speak with the two men pictured as we believe they were in the area around the time of the incident and may have information that can assist our investigation.

 "If you recognise them or have any information that could help us, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Pemberton via email at _adam.pemberton@herts.pnn.police.uk_ _,_ report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here:_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ crime reference 41/49047/19.

 Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
