```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertsmere officers have made significant efforts to disrupt and detect theft from and of motor vehicles in the last few weeks.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2018
title: Multiple arrests made as Hertsmere officers tackle vehicle crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Multiple-arrests-made-as-Hertsmere-officers-tackle-vehicle-crime-2075MD
```

* ### Hertsmere officers have made significant efforts to disrupt and detect theft from and of motor vehicles in the last few weeks

 * ### A number of operations have resulted in multiple arrests

 * ### Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe is reminding vehicle owners to ensure they are locked and secure

Hertsmere officers have made significant efforts to disrupt and detect theft from and of motor vehicles in the last few weeks.

A number of operations have been on-going resulting in multiple arrests:

 * **Mindangas** **Paskevicius** , age 30 of Goodall Road, London and **Egidijus Barkauskas,** age 42, of Goodall Road, London, have been charged and remanded in custody for conspiracy to steal motor vehicles. They were charged after being linked to offences across Hertsmere, North Herts and Essex and await trial.
 * **Ryan Leggett** , age 37 of The Chignalls, Essex, was charged and remanded in custody after being linked to a theft of a motor vehicle from Manor Way, Borehamwood.
 * **Patrick McDonagh** , age 34, of Clyde Road, London was charged and remanded in custody for theft from motor vehicle from the Mercure Hotel, Bushey.
 * **Paul Niven** , age 37 of Shenley Road, Borehamwood has been charged and remanded in custody for theft of a motor vehicle after being found driving a stolen motor vehicle from Borehamwood.
 * A 41 year old man from Essex was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle from Manor Way, Borehamwood. Following enquiries, he has been released with no further action.
 * A 39 year old male from London has been arrested on suspicious of theft of motor vehicle. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 19 year old man from Essex was arrested in Potters Bar on suspicion of conspiracy to steal motor vehicles. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * Another 19 year old man from Essex was arrested in Potters Bar on suspicion of conspiracy to steal motor vehicles. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 20 year old man from Essex was arrested in Potters Bar on suspicion of conspiracy to steal motor vehicles. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * A 17 year old man from Essex was arrested in Potters Bar on suspicion of conspiracy to steal motor vehicles. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 19 year old man from Potters Bar was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A and B drugs with intent to supply, possession of offensive weapons and assaulting a police constable and obstructing a police constable in the execution of his duty. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 22 year old man from Potters Bar was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A and B drugs with intent to supply, possession of offensive weapons and assaulting a police constable and obstructing a police constable in the execution of his duty. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * A 24 year old man from Potters Bar was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs, being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and taking a vehicle without consent. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 25 year old man from Potters Bar was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs and five thefts from motor vehicles in the town. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe said: "My team have worked hard on a number of investigations to successfully arrest suspects and progress many of the investigations to court. Proactive operations continue in the area so my message to offenders is simple; you are not welcome in Hertsmere and you will be targeted and arrested.

"Sadly, a number of these offences involved vehicles that had been left unlocked by owners. Please take the time to ensure cars and vans are locked and secure."

There are a number of steps you can take to help prevent thieves from targeting your vehicle:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database _www.immobilise.com_. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 * If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.

Officers also recommend the following tips to help secure your van and its contents:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows whenever you leave your van unattended.
 * Never leave any valuables visible - keep ALL possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your jacket pocket or file left on the seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove tools from your van when left over night
 * If removal of tools is not possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.
 * Consider parking your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to get inside.
 * Engrave or mark tools and their boxes with your postcode and house number.
 * Fit additional locks external locks to van doors.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamps, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have one.
 * Fit a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection. Purchase devices to 'Thatcham' and 'SBD' approval to combat this type of vehicle theft, as vehicles equipped with a tracking device are often promptly recovered.
 * Use a "Pedal Box Guard" to encase the pedals when the vehicle is not in use.
 * Fit an on-board diagnostic (OBD) safe device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's OBD port, inside the cabin, to prevent additional keys being coded.
 * We recommend products that are _Sold Secure_ , or _Secured By Design_.
 * Hertfordshire residents can get a ten percent discount on vehicle security products through _Protect a Van_.

To report information about vehicle crime in Potters Bar, call the non-emergency number 101, or report information online at _https://www.herts.police.uk/Report_. If a crime is in progress, always call 999.
