```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Seventeen-year-old police cadet Megan Brown was on the bus on her way to work when the bus stopped suddenly and an elderly female passenger fell over on to her back.
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2018
title: Police cadet helps injured woman in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-cadet-helps-injured-woman-in-Borehamwood-128
```

Megan Brown

Seventeen-year-old police cadet Megan Brown was on the bus on her way to work when the bus stopped suddenly and an elderly female passenger fell over on to her back.

"She was screaming in agony," said Megan. "Instinct kicked in from my cadet training and I went over to her to make sure she didn't move, protect her head and let her know someone was there and help was on its way. I also asked everyone to get off the bus so she didn't feel crowded."

She had also asked the bus driver to call an ambulance and she stayed with the woman until an ambulance arrived.

The lady had a suspected broken hip from her fall, on the bus outside Tesco in Borehamwood at around 4.20pm on Friday (April 20).

Her proud mum, Adele, said: ** "**The ambulance said Megan is a credit to herself and the cadets. She wouldn't be the person she is today without the leaders support and encouragement."

Cadet Leader, PC Ross Paybody added: "Megan rushed to help the elderly lady, who was in a lot of pain and took control of the situation. Instinct kicked in from her training as a cadet and I am really proud of her."

It is the second time she has put her first aid into practice -18 months ago, a car ended up on its bonnet outside her house in Borehamwood and she rushed to help the driver, who was in shock and helped direct traffic away from the overturned car.

Hertfordshire Police Cadets are young members of the community, aged between 14 and 18, that are involved in a wide range of activities and events. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention.
