```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2018
title: "Appeal following indecent exposure \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-indecent-exposure-welwyn-garden-city-1804
```

* ### A woman in her 20s was approached by a man in a car on Haldens in Welwyn Garden City who exposed himself

 * ### He is described as mixed race, aged in his late twenties to early thirties, of medium build with short black hair

 * ### If you have any information please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/37008/18

Officers investigating an indecent exposure in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Haldens between 9.30am and 10am on Saturday, September 15.

The victim, a woman in her 20s, was walking along the pavement when a black car pulled up alongside her.

The driver, a man, did not exit the vehicle but asked the victim for a cigarette lighter. She approached the vehicle before realising the man was exposing himself. He smiled at the victim before driving off.

The offender is described as mixed race, aged in his late twenties to early thirties, of medium build with short black hair. He was clean shaven and spoke with a local accent. The vehicle he was driving was a Vauxhall Astra-type car with blacked out windows and a spoiler.

Detective Sergeant Malcolm Dey, who is investigating, said: "This was an understandably distressing incident for the victim and I want to thank her for coming forward and reporting it to us.

"We are doing all we can to identify the offender however, I want to reassure residents that this type of incident is unusual in Welwyn Garden City.

"We would be very keen to speak to anyone who may have seen a vehicle matching the description in the area on Saturday, or anyone who may have been approached by this man but has not yet reported it."

Anyone with information should contact DS Dey by emailing malcolm.dey@herts.pnn.police.uk or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/37008/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
