```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five people were arrested and 11 vehicles were seized during a proactive operation by officers in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2018
title: Five arrested during proactive operation in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/five-arrested-during-proactive-operation-in-hemelhempstead-1871D
```

* ### A total of 70 vehicles were stopped during the six-hour operation.

 * ### This is the second operation of its kind in Dacorum in the past month.

 * ### A quantity of cannabis was seized.

Five people were arrested and 11 vehicles were seized during a proactive operation by officers in Hemel Hempstead.

The joint day of action on Wednesday (October 3) was part of on-going work to detect, disrupt and deter criminals using the road network in and around the town.

During the six-hour operation, 70 vehicles were stopped and checked. Representatives from Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) were also in attendance to test for red diesel.

As a result of the stops:

 * Two men were arrested after a quantity of cannabis was found in a grey BMW. A subsequent search of an address led to further cannabis being discovered along with drug paraphernalia and an air rifle.
Idresse Malik, aged 23, from The Glen, Hemel Hempstead, has been charged with possession with intent to supply cannabis. He has been bailed to appear before St Albans Magistrates' Court on November 2.
A 51-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead was arrested on suspicion of driving while disqualified. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.
 * He was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and taking a vehicle without consent. No further action is to be taken in relation to these matters.

 * Drug paraphernalia and a large quantity of cash were found in a Peugeot 307. Further searches also led to quantities of cannabis being discovered.
A 24-year-old man from Leicester was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs and fraud.
 * A 24-year-old man from London was arrested on possession with intent to supply class B drugs.
Both men have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

 * A 43-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs. She has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

 * Eleven vehicles were seized throughout the day - nine for having no insurance, one which had been used in criminal activity and one for using red diesel.

Twelve TORs (Traffic Offence Reports) were issued for offences including driving without an MOT, driving with tyre treads below the legal limit and driving with window tints below the legal limit.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Paul Mitson said: "This is the second operation of this kind that we have run in the past month and once again it has proved successful. We will be holding further days of action to ensure Dacorum remains a hostile place for offenders. The message is clear, if you come here to commit your crimes, we will catch up with you."
