```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Do you live in Hitchin and are interested in having a say in what your local police should concentrate on as priorities?
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Would you like to have a say in local policing?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/would-you-like-to-have-a-say-in-local-policing-1021g
```

* ## Have your say on what issues your Neighbourhood Team focuses on.

 * ## Meet your local team at a special public meeting.

 * ## Officers want to hear your views.

Do you live in Hitchin and are interested in having a say in what your local police should concentrate on as priorities?

If the answer to these questions is 'yes' then your local police team would like to meet you.

Every three months the Safer Neighbourhood Police teams review and set their local policing priorities. These are the issues that affect local communities at a local level.

The Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood team are holding a public meeting at 7pm on 27th November at St John's Community Centre on St John's Road in Hitchin (SG4 9JP) to hear your views.

"We would like local residents to be fully involved in this priority setting process, "explained Sergeant Guy Westwood. "We want to make sure that we have a very clear understanding of all of the issues which impact on and effect our local communities. We want local residents to share their views and experiences about what goes on in their local areas.

"If you are unable to make it, you can submit your feedback to us at any time using 'echo'. You can submit your feedback, or text 'echo' to 66099 followed by your comments (standard network rates apply). All feedback is reviewed and the more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to the public we serve, where services are working well for them or where we need to improve. We want to hear from you."
