```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has marked what would have been Herts Pride by joining together with the fire and rescue service to raise the rainbow flag in solidarity with the LGBT+ community.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary mark Herts Pride 2020
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-mark-herts-pride-2020
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary has joined together with the fire and rescue service to mark Pride 2020

 * ### The event was an opportunity to celebrate the barriers that the LGBT+ community have overcome throughout recent history

 * ### The Constabulary has dedicated LGBT+ Liaison Officers who are specially trained to help the LGBT+ community

Hertfordshire Constabulary has marked what would have been Herts Pride by joining together with the fire and rescue service to raise the rainbow flag in solidarity with the LGBT+ community.

On Friday (21 August), Inspector Steve Alison and PC Sandra Smith from the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network, joined their emergency services colleagues at the Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service Headquarters in Hertford.

The event, which was socially distanced, was an opportunity to celebrate the barriers that the LGBT+ community have overcome throughout recent history as well as to discuss and share ideas around how the services can better support the LGBT+ community - including both local residents and their own workforces.

The rainbow flag, which has become an international symbol of LGBT+ rights and is synonymous with Pride events around the globe, was raised in solidarity.

Inspector Steve Alison, Chair of the Herts Police LGBT+ Network, said: "It was great to meet up with our colleagues in the fire and rescue service to recognise the importance of supporting the LGBT+ community.

"Every year we attend Herts Pride and it's always a fantastic event where we can meet the local LGBT+ community face-to-face and gain a better understanding of the issues affecting them. Unfortunately, the pandemic means the event has been cancelled this year but I want the local LGBT+ community to know that we are still here for you.

"The Constabulary has dedicated LGBT+ Liaison Officers who are specially trained to help the LGBT+ community. If you want to speak to an LGBT+ Liaison Officer for non-urgent advice, call the non-emergency number 101 or contact us online at herts.police.uk/contact and ask to leave a message for them to contact you. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via 999. ** ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required.

"Remember, being different is not a crime but being victimised because of it is. We are here to support you and you will always be taken seriously."

Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service's Chief Fire Officer, Darryl Keen said: "We felt that it was important to mark Pride with our police colleagues as it is such an iconic event for Hertfordshire. It is a shame that Covid-19 has prevented many events from taking place this year but we felt a small demonstration of our support for the LGBT+ community and colleagues could easily be achieved whilst maintaining social distancing. The flag will fly at Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service HQ in Hertford for the whole weekend."

**How to report a hate crime**

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity. However if people do not feel comfortable speaking directly to police, hate crime can also be reported online through the True Vision website report-it.org.uk which all police forces in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are signed up to. The online report will then be forwarded to the relevant local police force.

For more information about hate crime, visit hertsagainsthate.org.
