```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 14 year old boy from Letchworth has been charged following a stabbing incident in the town.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2018
title: Teenager charged with attempted murder - Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-with-attempted-murder-letchworth-0361G
```

* ### A 14 year old boy has been charged with attempted murder.

 * ### On Friday, June 8, officers were called to reports that a 15 year old boy had been assaulted in Jackman's Place, Letchworth.

 * ### The victim had suffered a laceration to his neck.

 * ### He remains in hospital in a critical but stable condition.

 * ### The 14 year old boy appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Tuesday, June 12) where he was remanded in custody.

 * ### He is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on July 13.

A 14 year old boy from Letchworth has been charged following a stabbing incident in the town.

Police were called at 2.30pm on Friday (June 8) to reports that a 15 year old boy had been assaulted in Jackman's Place.

The victim has suffered a laceration to his neck and was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition.

A 14 year old boy has been charged with attempted murder and possession of a bladed article in a public place (a folding pocket knife).

He has also been charged with attempted Section 18 grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent and possession of a bladed article in a public place. This relates to a separate assault which is alleged to have taken place in Broadway, Letchworth, near to the junction with Station Place, on Friday, June 8 at around 1.50pm. It involved a male victim aged in his 20s.

The 14 year old appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Tuesday, June 12) where he was remanded in custody. He is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on July 13.

Anyone who saw either incident or has information that could assist police with their enquiries is asked to contact Detective Constable Gary Larkman by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/5682/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

*
