```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police officers, staff and volunteers have been honoured for their exemplary service and dedication to Hertfordshire Constabulary at the Chief Constable\u2019s annual awards ceremony."
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2017
title: "Chief Constable\u2019s Annual Awards 2017"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Chief-Constables-Annual-Awards-2017
```

* ### **Chief Constable recognises outstanding achievements**

 * ### **Police officers, volunteers and members of the public recognised**

****

Police officers, staff and volunteers have been honoured for their exemplary service and dedication to Hertfordshire Constabulary at the Chief Constable's annual awards ceremony **.**

The event was held at Hatfield House on the evening of Tuesday, October 17 and was attended by more than 100 people.

There were 14 categories and 27 nominees, with the final winners being chosen by the executive support team.

Addressing the audience on the night, Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "It gives me great pleasure to celebrate those who have been recognised for their hard work, dedication and passion for policing.

"It makes me incredibly proud to see the exceptional level of service officers, staff and volunteers consistently give to the Constabulary and I want to say thank you for all that you do for the people of Hertfordshire. I would also like to extend my gratitude to family and friends who offer such fantastic support."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd added: "I want to congratulate all the winners and nominees and thank them for the incredible work they do protecting our county.

"The awards highlighted the wide range of skills and experiences throughout the police service in Hertfordshire, and I was also pleased to see the work of volunteers given the recognition and gratitude they deserve." ** **

**Student Officer of the Year winner - PC Kelly Woodward**

PC Kelly Woodward joined the Constabulary in September 2015 and was posted to the Intervention and Response Team in Welwyn Hatfield.

Her colleagues have praised her for demonstrating 'excellent all-round policing skills and knowledge well beyond her level of service'. Kelly has also displayed impeccable victim care, conducted thorough crime investigations and is passionate about proactive policing.

Other nominees for Student Officer of the Year were PCs Vicky Sexton and Angharad Millet, known as Harrie. PC Sexton joined the force in June 2016 and is based at Borehamwood Police Station. The 23 year old was recognised for her empathy when called out to reports of a man who was planning to take his own life on a bridge over the M25. Vicky was able to help the man to safety and get him the support he needed. Her colleagues describe her as calm, conscientious and mature beyond her years.

PC Millet joined the force in February 2016 and is based at Hemel Hempstead Police Station. Her colleagues say she has a natural flair for policing despite having no previous experience, and being one of the youngest in her team. They say the 26 year old is keen to learn and to serve the people of Hertfordshire, and will always stay to help her team clear outstanding work.

**Intervention Officer of the Year winner - PC Tom Colvin**

PC Tom Colvin joined in September 2007 and has given all of his 10 years' service to Dacorum. He is based at Hemel Hempstead Police Station and has many strings to his bow; being a qualified tutor, a response driver, an authorised Taser officer and the longest serving Team 5 Intervention Officer.

The second nominee was Sergeant Matt Curnow, based at Rickmansworth. His colleagues say Matt, who lives in Watford, has a very approachable style and his commitment to his team and their development is exemplary.

**Team of the Year winners - Citizens in Policing**

There are currently more than 240 Police Support Volunteers (PSVs) supporting over 70 teams and departments across the Constabulary. In addition there are 11 Police Cadet units across Hertfordshire, consisting of more than 250 Volunteer Police Cadets. Volunteers are vital members of the policing family; their support assists in fully engaging with communities and enhances the service we provide to the public.

They are managed by the force's Citizens in Policing team whose success is down to their dynamic work ethic. They are dedicated to the work they do and can often be found volunteering much of their own time. Their constant enthusiasm and positivity has assisted the growth of volunteering in Hertfordshire.

The other nomination was Team B Intervention based at St Albans, who were praised for consistently performing at a high level. They are led by Inspector Neil Spencer and Sergeant James Pickering. Their hard work and dedication has led to some great arrests, stolen property being recovered, preventing injury to the public and excellent service to the community of St Albans.

**Safer Neighbourhood Team Officer of the Year winner - Sergeant Daniel Jones**

Sgt Jones has been described as the 'epitome of what a SNT officer should be'. He is hugely respected among his team, and by local councillors, community partners and residents. He plays a huge part in the continuing positive community engagement within his area of South Oxhey.

Daniel, who lives in Hemel Hempstead, has an excellent record for dealing with offenders; arresting a number of disqualified drivers who had been flashing up on ANPR cameras, resulting in several convictions.

The second nominee was PC David Miller, based at Buntingford Police Station. PC Miller is described as an experienced and established member of the rural policing team and an asset to the Constabulary. David manages the rural team's Twitter account, which now has thousands of followers. In December 2016, the account was voted as one of the top three in its category at the national police Twitter award ceremony.

Last autumn David, aged 39, investigated a series of poaching offences involving fish being taken from local waterways and a fishing lake. He worked with the Environment Agency, utilising their skills, and was successful in assisting them in prosecuting the offenders who were convicted at St Albans Magistrate's Court. This was the first such successful joint prosecution in the country between police and the EA.

 **Public Service and Community Focus award winner - RAPPAW**

RAPPAW is a team of Police Support Volunteers, the majority of which are either existing or retired Police officers or staff. The team give their own free time to provide support to the county's most vulnerable victims of crime, using Pets As Therapy (PAT).

 The other nominees were the Hertford and Ware Volunteer Police Cadets, who formed in June 2015. In just two years they have grown from three leaders to 15, and from 10 Cadets to 44. The Cadets volunteer to help local SNT officers deliver policing priorities, having helped at events with OWL signups, open days and test purchase operations tackling knife crime. They also assist with numerous community events.

**Outstanding Safeguarding Contribution of the Year winner - Detective Constable Caroline Bright**

DC Bright's colleagues describe her as an 'excellent' officer who will always go 'above and beyond' to ensure justice is done for young victims of sexual offences. Caroline works in the Joint Child Protection Investigation Team based at HQ in Welwyn Garden City.

 She recently took a case to trial involving four victims between the ages of six and 12. After all the defendant's computer examinations were complete, he was found in possession of indecent images and was further charged before going on trial for these offences too.

 The trial lasted nearly two weeks and Caroline attended court each day before the defendant was found guilty of thirteen charges against four victims, as well as possession of indecent images. The judge has indicated an impending lengthy double figure sentence for the defendant.

The other nominee was Detective Constable Natalie Pickering, who is also based within the Joint Child Protection Investigation Team at HQ.

 Since joining JCPIT, 37 year old Natalie has demonstrated her infectious passion to safeguard the children of Hertfordshire and secure successful convictions, and striving to mitigate further offending.

 **Investigator of the Year winner - Detective Constable Stephen Mason**

 DC Steve Mason's colleagues say he is highly committed to looking after the vulnerable in the community, and his investigation in a sexual exposure case is a prime example. The 62-year-old's tenacious and tireless interrogation of hours of CCTV footage led to the prosecution of the offender and subsequent sex offender prevention order. His actions undoubtedly have and will continue to safeguard others who may otherwise have fallen victim to this offender's predatory behaviour.

DC James Kier, who is based at St Albans Police Station, was the other nominee for Investigator of the Year. James has managed numerous complex cases and is hailed as one of the force's best detectives. His attention to detail collating evidence and his way of following this, regardless of outside views, is exceptional.

 James was allocated the role of Officer in the Case following a series of knifepoint street robberies committed by a gang who had travelled in from Luton. Seven offenders were arrested and stolen property was recovered. James managed appropriate support and safeguarding to the victims while continuing to investigate the offences. He secured three charges of robbery against each offender and produced an evidential file in such detail that he was commended by the CPS for the quality of his investigation.

**Police Staff Individual of the Year winner - Maurice Burton**

Maurice Burton works at Hitchin Local Crime Unit as the only Assistant Investigator. Although aligned to one LCU team, he serves the office and when needed, he assists other officers across the North Herts district. His colleagues describe him as having an 'extraordinary' work ethic and it is often commented upon that he will be irreplaceable when he eventually retires.

Stan Waszkiewicz was the other nominee for Police Staff Individual of the Year and has been described by colleagues as a 'cornerstone of the Constabulary'. Not only has he been a loyal officer and employee for over four decades, but his knowledge of its processes, regulations and demands is unsurpassed. Stan, aged 64, works as a Business Support Officer within the Resource Management Unit based at Hatfield.

Stan, who lives in Abbots Langley, will always be the first person in the office each morning and will stay beyond his working day.

**Police Citizen of the Year winner - Thomas Parkins**

Tom Parkins is a farmer based in East Herts who actively works the family farm and associated business in and around High Cross village. He is pivotal to the rural policing strategy of the East Herts Community Safety Partnership.

This past year has seen 24-year-old Tom dedicate extremely high levels of commitment, both in time and effort, to ensure effective communication between the team and rural communities. The past year saw unprecedented levels of damage to cropped land by the use of motor vehicles used in hare coursing and poaching activity. Tom ensured timely visits to many of these victims, who are aware of his role, providing much needed reassurance whilst assessing any evidential potential.

Jeanette Aron was also nominated for the award and has been working within the Watford SNT and Neighbourhood Watch Team for approximately five years.

One job Jeanette was tasked with was looking at the latest Neighbourhood Watch list, which required her to personally call over 3,000 people in order to gather information including emails and new contact numbers.

**Joint Protective Services Officer of the Year nominee - PC Matt Franklin** ** **

PC Matt Franklin is part of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit, and the wider Joint Protective Services command. He works with both a general purpose dog called PD Vader and also a drugs Dog, called PD TJ.

In just the first half of this year, Matt - who lives in Northampton with his wife Avril - has arrested numerous offenders in Hertfordshire for different offences ranging from possession with intent to supply drugs, burglary and robbery - all with the help of his two dogs.

The trio have also contributed to the seizure of £13,500 worth of drugs in Hertfordshire alone. Matt's colleagues say he is a diligent, hard-working officer who delivers an incredible service, not only in his core role as a dog handler but also with his support to divisional officers.

 **Police Community Support Officer of the Year nominee - PCSO Natasha Regan**

Natasha works on the Safer Neighbourhood Team in Stevenage and her colleagues say she has a natural ability to talk to people of all ages and background.

Natasha, who lives in Hitchin, spends her days on foot patrol, mostly alone, engaging with her communities. She visits the local Educational Support Centre with pupils who have been excluded from main stream education, or at risk of permanent exclusion. Natasha also spends her afternoons in the local play scheme and YMCA, engaging with the young people. She is passionate about reminding them that Hertfordshire Constabulary cares about them and wants to listen to what they have to say.

**Problem Solvers of the Year - Broxbourne Joint Action Group**

The Broxbourne Joint Action Group's (JAG) clear focus is on the prevention and reduction of problems across the Community Safety Partnership. Its members include Broxbourne Borough Council and the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team, led by Inspector Roy Stammers.

Recently the Broxbourne JAG worked together to resolve the persistent problem of youths making lives difficult for those living and working in the area through racist comments, criminal damage and dangerous anti-social behaviour.

The joint partnership working has completely eradicated ASB in this area which has transformed the lives of those living and working there.

**The Unsung Heroes Award winners - HQ's front desk reception team**

The Hertfordshire Constabulary headquarters reception team consists of Catherine Barton, Christine Edwards, Leonita Barton, Shelly Ward and Susan Price. The team work together tirelessly as the welcoming face of the Constabulary to all its visitors. Whilst Headquarters is an administrative site, the team often deal with members of the public seeking a resolution to a difficult neighbourhood or policing problem. Time and time again the team manage the numerous visitors in a uniquely professional and courteous manner without exception.
