```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following an assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-an-assault-in-watford-0400
```

* ### Officers are investigating an assault that happened on Garston Park Parade at around 6pm on Friday 10 July

 * ### It was reported that there was a physical altercation between two man after a dog belonging to one of them - a German Shepherd - allegedly bit the other

 * ### If you saw what happened or have any other information, please contact police quoting 41/54541/20

Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Garston Park Parade at around 6pm on Friday 10 July.

Two men were involved in a physical altercation with one another after a dog belonging to one of them - described as a German Shepherd - reportedly bit the other.

Detective Constable Jennifer Stoddart, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are in the process of establishing the circumstances of the assault and understand there were a number of public witnesses, some of which we have already spoken to.

"However we are keen to identify everyone who saw the incident, the lead up to it or its aftermath. If you saw what happened, please get in touch."

You can email DC Stoddart at jennifer.stoddart@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/54541/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
