```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Festive spirit is in the air at Welwyn Garden City Police Station with Sergeant Emma Francis and her team donating an array of items to a local food bank and women\u2019s refuge."
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2020
title: "Festive spirit in the air as Welwyn Hatfield Sergeant organises charity donation to food bank and women\u2019s refuge"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/festive-spirit-in-the-air-as-welwyn-hatfield-sergeant-organises-charity-donation-to-food-bank-and-womens-refuge-1023
```

* ### Sergeant Emma Francis leads the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team and decided to start a collection for those in need

 * ### Donations have been made to the New Zion Christian Fellowship food bank in Cole Green Lane

 * ### A further donation will be made in the new year to a local women's refuge

Festive spirit is in the air at Welwyn Garden City Police Station with Sergeant Emma Francis and her team donating an array of items to a local food bank and women's refuge.

Sgt Francis, who leads the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team, decided to start a collection for those in need, knowing that Christmas would be looking different for many this year.

After speaking to local businesses, the Howard Centre's Marks and Spencer and Future Gifts also chipped in, donating children's toys. Further support came from colleagues in the constabulary's control room who also donated gifts.

Sgt Francis said: "Christmas is always a hard time for those who are struggling financially and of course, this year there will be many more worrying about what their Christmas might look like. I thought it was important to recognise this and I felt that by donating to the food bank and women's refuge we could help make a difference."

On Wednesday (16 December), Sgt Francis and her team delivered boxes full of food to the New Zion Christian Fellowship food bank in Cole Green Lane.

Shoeboxes full of goodies and toys were due to be donated to a local women's refuge yesterday (Monday 21 December) but due to the new Tier 4 regulations, this will take place in the new year.

Sgt Francis added: "As your Safer Neighbourhood Team, we are your traditional 'bobbies on the beat' and engaging with the community is really important to us. I'd like to say a big thank you to the local businesses who helped us, and our colleagues in the control room - particularly Sergeant Mo Islam and Sarah Gildersleeve. I hope that the donated items help to put some smiles on faces this Christmas Day."

The Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team covers Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger. To contact the team or to make an appointment to speak with them, email SNTWelwynHatfieldNorth@herts.pnn.police.uk or call 101. In an emergency, always call 999.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.
