```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a criminal damage offence in Watford have released images of four people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 21 Jul 2020
title: "CCTV appeal following criminal damage \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-criminal-damage-watford-0389
```

* ### Officers are investigating a criminal damage offence in Watford and have released images of four people they would like to trace.

 * ### It happened on the High Street in the early hours of Tuesday 16 June, when a shop window was damaged

 * ### If you recognise anyone pictured, please contact police quoting **41/46819/20**

Officers investigating a criminal damage offence in Watford have released images of four people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened on the High Street at around 2.45am on Tuesday 16 June.

Offender(s) picked up a flexible street bollard and threw it through the window of The End, an independent clothing shop near the entrance to the intu centre.

The bollard caused hundreds of pounds worth of damage.

The local Safer Neighbourhood Team is investigating and would like to identify the four people pictured. It's believed they were in the area around the time of the offence and they may have vital information.

If you recognise the people pictured, please get in touch as soon as possible. You can email the Safer Neighbourhood Team at SNTWatford@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/46819/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
