```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2020
title: Did you witness incident in Hatfield?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-hatfield-0135
```

* ## The incident occurred in Ely Close.

 * ## A man was reportedly pulled from a car and assaulted.

 * ## A man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Hatfield.

Police received a call at around 1pm on Saturday 9 May stating that a man had been pulled from a vehicle in Ely Close by two men, before being assaulted. The men then walked off towards the Alban Way, followed by a woman with blonde hair.

The victim got back into his car and drove off.

Detective Constable Kate Langley, who is investigating, said: "I appreciate this incident may cause concern in the community but I would like to reassure people that we are treating this as an isolated incident, between people who are believed to be known to each other.

"Our enquiries are continuing at this time and I would ask anyone who saw what happened to please get in touch."

You can contact DC Langley directly by emailing.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/36590/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

 * A 26-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
