```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an altercation in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: Appeal following altercation in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-altercation-in-welwyn-garden-city-0316B
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an altercation in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### The incident occurred on Friday 26 June, at Stanborough Park.

 * ### At around 4pm, the victim was approached by a man and a woman. They were then involved in a verbal and physical altercation.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an altercation in Welwyn Garden City.

The incident occurred on Friday 26 June, at Stanborough Park.

At around 4pm, the victim was approached by a man and a woman. The victim and the woman were involved in a verbal altercation.

When the victim attempted to leave the scene, the woman grabbed her by the arm causing slight bruising. This was followed by another argument.

It is believed that all three people involved are known to each other.

PC Leah Seager, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, the victim was left shaken following the incident. If you were there and witnessed the altercation, and have not yet been in contact with police, please get in touch.

"It was reported that immediately after the incident, a woman wearing a red dress who had brown, shoulder length hair approached the victim to check if she was ok, having seen the incident unfold. If that was you, please could you get in contact as soon as possible as you may have vital information."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Seager directly via email at Leah.Seager@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/50168/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
