```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A samurai sword and six knives were seized from an address in South Oxhey after officers from Three Rivers executed a warrant.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2019
title: Weapons seized during warrant in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/weapons-seized-during-warrant-in-south-oxhey-1121c
```

* ## A samurai sword and six knives were seized from an address in South Oxhey after officers from Three Rivers executed a warrant.

 * ## They forced entry to the address on Prestwick Road at 6.30am on Friday 29 November.

 * ## They conducted a search of the property before recovering the samurai sword, six further knives, a quantity of cash and suspected class B drugs (cannabis).

A samurai sword and six knives were seized from an address in South Oxhey after officers from Three Rivers executed a warrant.

Operation Scorpion officers, supported by colleagues from both Rickmansworth and Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Teams, forced entry to the address on Prestwick Road at 6.30am on Friday 29 November.

They conducted a search of the address under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act before recovering the samurai sword, six further knives, a quantity of cash and suspected class B drugs (cannabis).

A 16-year-old boy from South Oxhey has been reported for possession with intent to supply class B drugs. Intelligence has been recorded and enquiries remain ongoing.

PC Marcus Zost, from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team, said: "We are pleased to have removed six weapons from the street, and are satisfied that they will not be used to threaten or hurt anyone.

"We took this overt action after receiving information to suggest the address was being used as a location for suspected drug dealing and criminality.

"We hope residents take this as reassurance that we will robustly act on information given to us, so we want to encourage the public to continue to submit this.

"Everyone has the right to live in peace and that is why we do not tolerate drug crime in our neighbourhoods."

You can submit information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here.

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
