```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Hoddesdon are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 28 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following robbery in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-hoddesdon-1088
```

* ### Witnesses and information are being sought following a robbery in Hoddesdon.

 * ### The incident took place on the junction of High Street and the A1170 at 6.30pm on Sunday 24 November.

 * ### Anyone with information should call 101 quoting reference 41/106121/19.

We are investigating a robbery in Hoddesdon and are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 6.30pm on Sunday (24 November) a man in his 20s was by the junction of the High Street and A1170 near to an Indian restaurant when he was approached by a group of males, kicked to the ground and punched.

The victim then had his Giant Trance E+ Pro electric bike stolen.

Detective Constable Martin Sturgess, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "This incident took place in the early evening at a busy location in the town.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and saw what happened, or events before or after, to get in contact with me via email _martin.sturgess@herts.pnn.police.uk_ "

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/106121/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
