```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after ten vehicles were targeted by thieves in the Great Ashby area of Stevenage in the early hours of Wednesday morning (December 6).
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2017
title: Car Crime Series in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/car-crime-series-in-stevenage-1275E
```

* ### Ten vehicles targeting by thieves in Great Ashby.

 * ### Offences occurred in the early hours of Wednesday morning.

 * ### Police appeal for motorists not to leave items on display.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after ten vehicles were targeted by thieves in the Great Ashby area of Stevenage in the early hours of Wednesday morning (December 6).

The roads affected were:

Dove Road

Oldburn Way

Tamer Close

Tees Close

Swale Close

Wynscombe Road

Nevis Road

It is thought that the offences occurred between midnight and 5am. The items stolen include laptop bags, shopping bags full of new clothes, sunglasses, car keys for other vehicles and cash.

Detective Sergeant Ian Sheridon said: "We are experiencing high levels of vehicle crime in the town at the moment and again we are appealing for people NOT to leave items of any value in their vehicle, as is just a green light to thieves. As we have seen here, thieves will take almost anything that is left on display.

"I can't emphasise enough how important it is to take your valuables with you when you leave your vehicle. Even if they do not cost that much to replace, these drivers have now got to go to through the hassle of getting doors and windows repaired and claiming on their insurance.

"Some of the vehicles that have been targeted have not been damaged and might have been left unlocked. Please make sure you secure your vehicle when you leave it, don't give thieves at easy ride."

If you were in the area at the time and witnessed the thefts, or saw anyone behaving suspiciously in the area, please contact DS Ian Sheridan on 101 quoting crime reference number E1/17/9975 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
