```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged kidnap incident in Letchworth are releasing CCTV of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2018
title: CCTV appeal following alleged kidnap in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-alleged-kidnap-in-Letchworth-1741
```

* ### Police would like to speak to the man pictured as part of their enquiries following an alleged kidnap in Letchworth.

 * ### The victim was reportedly stopped in his car by what he believed to be an unmarked police vehicle.

 * ### He was forced into the vehicle and taken to Essex before being able to escape.

 * ### Two people have been charged in connection with the incident and another person has been bailed while enquiries continue.

Officers investigating an alleged kidnap incident in Letchworth are releasing CCTV of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

On Sunday, January 14 at around 10.15am, the victim - a man aged in his 30s - was driving along Icknield Road when he was reportedly stopped by what he believed to be an unmarked police vehicle.

He was forced into the vehicle and taken to Maldon in Essex before being able to escape.

Detective Sergeant Pat Chapman from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Two people have been arrested and charged in connection with this incident while another person is currently on bail while our enquiries continue.

"We now need to speak to the man pictured as he may have vital information that could assist our enquiries. Anyone who recognises him is asked to get in touch as soon as possible.

"I understand that this type of offence will cause concern within the local community but we believe it was an isolated and targeted incident and there have been no other crimes of this nature in the local area.

"The victim is now safe and is being supported by specialist officers from the Major Crime Unit."

Anyone with information that could assist the investigation can contact Detective Constable Tanzeem Siddiqui by emailing Tanzeem.siddiqui@herts.pnn.police.uk, call 101, quoting crime reference G2/18/125, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Karl Lawrence, aged 30, of Old Mill Place, Romford, has been charged with kidnap, robbery and blackmail. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on March 16.
 * Barry Baillie, aged 41, of Walman House, Billericay, has been charged with conspiracy to kidnap. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on March 16.
 * A 42 year old man from Heybridge, who was arrested on suspicion of kidnap has been bailed until May 4.
