```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Eighteen new police officers \u2013 including an ex-veterinary nurse, an ex-estate agent and two former Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) \u2013 have recently been welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary."
publish:
  date: 12 May 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary welcomes 18 new police officers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-welcomes-18-new-police-officers-0107
```

* ### The new recruits' graduation ceremony took place at Police Headquarters on Friday 1 May

 * ### It followed a vigorous 15-week training schedule at Letchworth Police Station

 * ### The officers - nine men and nine women - have now started shifts at local stations across the county

Eighteen new police officers - including an ex-veterinary nurse, an ex-estate agent and two former Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) - have recently been welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary.

The new recruits' graduation ceremony took place at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Friday 1 May.

The special occasion was different from planned, with no parading and no family or friends invited, in order to comply with the social distancing guidelines and ensure everyone's safety.

Nevertheless, it was still an exciting event as the new PCs met with Chief Constable Charlie Hall following a vigorous 15-week training schedule at Letchworth Police Station.

The training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

The officers - nine men and nine women - have now started shifts at local stations across the county, putting into practice all they learned, with two PCs based in Broxbourne, Dacorum, Hertsmere, North Herts, St Albans, Stevenage, Watford and Welwyn Hatfield, and one based in East Herts and Three Rivers.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "Despite the celebration being scaled down, it didn't hamper the news recruits' spirits and I am confident that they will deliver a brilliant policing service to the residents of Hertfordshire.

"It's a unique time as officers across the county work together to help prevent the spread of COVID-19 and ensure that our usual police response is still running smoothly and efficiently in these challenging circumstances. Our new officers will receive extensive support and I wish them all the best in their new career."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "I congratulate every one of the new recruits into a challenging and very rewarding career.

"They are joining one of the highest regarded police forces in the country. We are continuing to increase the number of frontline officers in Hertfordshire, and there are now more than there were a decade ago."

If you're interested in becoming a police officer, please visit herts.police.uk/Apply/Work-for-us/Police-officers/Police-officers.

We are also currently looking for volunteer police officers - Special Constables. If you're interested register your interest at hertspolicespecials.co.uk/.
