```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information and are particularly keen to trace a woman on a scooter who may have seen what happened.
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2020
title: Did you witness incident in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-watford-0834
```

* ### The incident occurred in Vicarage Road on Halloween.

 * ### A man was injured after coming into contact with a vehicle.

 * ### Police are trying to trace a woman on a scooter who stopped at the scene.

Police investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information and are particularly keen to trace a woman on a scooter who may have seen what happened.

The incident occurred in Vicarage Road, near the football stadium, at around 1.15pm on Saturday 31 October.

A 35-year-old man was injured after coming into contact with a vehicle which was travelling along the road.

He was taken to hospital with serious injuries, where he remains in stable condition at this time. His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.

Detective Constable Gary Larkman, who is investigating, said: "Enquiries are continuing at this time to establish the circumstances surrounding the incident. We are appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or events leading up to it, to please contact us. "We're particularly keen to trace a woman on a scooter who is reported to have stopped at the scene. If this was you, please get in touch."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/87811/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

• A 34-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of GBH in connection with the incident and has been released on police bail while investigations continue.
