```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of grievous bodily harm in Croxley Green.
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following GBH in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-gbh-in-croxley-green-0561C
```

* ### The incident happened at the Croxley Green Skateboard Park in Baldwins Lane Recreation Ground on Thursday 19 July.

 * ### The victim, a 14 year old boy, was left with a broken arm.

 * ### Anyone who can help the investigation should contact DC Steve Mason on 101 or steve.mason@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/19422/18.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of grievous bodily harm in Croxley Green.

The incident happened at the Croxley Green Skateboard Park in Baldwins Lane Recreation Ground on Thursday 19 July.

Between 6pm and 7pm, the victim - a 14 year old boy, was involved in a verbal altercation with a man. During the incident the victim jumped over a fence and he was left injured from the way he landed.

Detective Constable Steve Mason, who is investigating, said: "Not only was this a distressing incident for the victim but he was also left with a broken arm, requiring surgery.

"The offender is believed to have travelled in a burgundy Range Rover. Did you see this vehicle?

"I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or anyone who has any other information, to get in touch with me. In particular, if you have video footage of the incident I would like to hear from you.

"Anyone who can help with the investigation should contact me on the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/19422/18.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
