```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in North Herts are stepping up patrols around vulnerable churches in the rural areas surrounding Royston, after a second lead church roof was stolen in Hertfordshire.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2019
title: Extra patrols following church roof thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/extra-patrols-following-church-roof-thefts-0419g
```

* ### Local officers step up patrols around rural churches as more lead goes missing from church roofs in Hertfordshire.

 * ### St Faiths in Kelshall targeted around the same time as lead was stolen from a church in Furneux Pelham.

 * ### Local residents asked to remain vigilant and report all suspicious activity.

Officers in North Herts are stepping up patrols around vulnerable churches in the rural areas surrounding Royston, after a second lead church roof was stolen in Hertfordshire.

The Church of St Faiths in Kelshall had part of its lead roof stripped sometime before Tuesday 18 June, around the same time that St Mary's Church in Furneux Pelham was also targeted by thieves.

"It is a travesty that these beautiful buildings are being targeted in this way, not only causing damage to the structure of the church at the time, but also leaving them vulnerable to more damage by being exposed to the elements," said Chief inspector for North Herts Sally Phillips.

"The cost to repair such old buildings is astronomical, so we are determined to find those responsible and prevent further thefts of this nature occurring.

"As well as carrying out extra patrols in key areas we are appealing to local residents to be extra vigilant and to report any suspicious activity, particularly around churches," added Neighbourhood Inspector Richard Lilley. "Also if you are aware of a large quantity of lead being offered for sale we would like to hear from you."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact 101 or report online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
