```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Safeguarding Adults from Abuse (SAFA) wore purple ribbons to mark World Elder Abuse Day which is this Saturday (June 15) at the Herts Safeguarding Adults Board annual conference yesterday.
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2019
title: Specialist police department supports World Elder Day this weekend
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/specialist-police-department-supports-world-elder-day-this-weekend-0369all
```

* ### Officers from Safeguarding Adults from Abuse (SAFA) wore purple ribbons to mark World Elder Abuse Day which is this Saturday (June 15).

 * ### SAFA investigate a vast range of crimes with victims who are 'adults at risk' against suspects who are in a position of trust over them.

 * ### If you are suffering abuse or know an adult who is, call 101 or if you would prefer not to involve police, you can also contact Action on Elder Abuse by calling **080 8808 8141**.

Officers from Safeguarding Adults from Abuse (SAFA) wore purple ribbons to mark World Elder Abuse Day which is this Saturday (June 15) at the Herts Safeguarding Adults Board annual conference yesterday.

Detective Sergeant Julie Hudson from SAFA said: "Saturday is a timely reminder that there are support services to help. Abuse covers financial, physical, emotional, sexual or neglect."

She said: "We investigate a vast range of crimes with victims who are 'adults at risk' as defined by the Care Act (have a need for social care and are unable to protect themselves from risk) against suspects who are in a position of trust over them. This includes carer roles, medical/professional roles or those who have power of attorney over their finances, health and welfare. If you are suffering abuse or know an adult who is, call 101 or if you would prefer not to involve police, you can also contact Action on Elder Abuse by calling **080 8808 8141**."

The SAFA team have been involved in a number of cases recently.

 * Carolyn McClune, age 59, of High Street in Redbourn was found guilty of fraud after stealing £169,426 from three elderly and vulnerable victims between 2012 and 2015 whilst being employed as a care worker. She was sentenced to five years and nine months' imprisonment.
 * Kelly White, age 30, of Dewhurst Road in Chesthunt pleaded guilty to theft. She was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment suspended for two years, 100 hours unpaid work and given a restraining order not to contact the victims and not to work with any vulnerable adults indefinitely. She was also given a retribution order to pay the victim back £2,500.

DS Hudson said: "This was a lengthy and complex investigation. Whilst this appears a very simple crime it is typical of our work in SAFA and though no immediate prison sentence, the judge made the more important decision that she could never work with vulnerable adults again which safeguards others in the future."
