```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A store in Redbourn will no longer be able to sell alcohol after staff sold it to young people aged under 18 on three separate occasions, thereby breaching one of the four licensing objectives of \u201Cprotecting of children from harm.\u201D"
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2019
title: Redbourn store alcohol licence revoked
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Redbourn-store-alcohol-license-revoked-2568F
```

* A store in Redbourn will no longer be able to sell alcohol after staff sold it to young people aged under 18 on three separate occasions.
 * The alcohol licence for The Convenience Store in Lybury Lane was reviewed at a committee hearing at St Albans City and District Council by police on Tuesday (February 12).
 * The Convenience Store had a "Challenge 25" scheme in place.

A store in Redbourn will no longer be able to sell alcohol after staff sold it to young people aged under 18 on three separate occasions, thereby breaching one of the four licensing objectives of "protecting of children from harm."

The alcohol licence for The Convenience Store in Lybury Lane was reviewed at a committee hearing at St Albans City and District Council by police on Tuesday (February 12).

Assistant Investigator Rhea Hosey from the Community Safety Unit said: "We regularly carry out test purchase operations at premises that we suspect are selling alcohol to minors, normally as a result of information received from concerned residents. On three occasions, the store willingly sold alcohol to young people without taking reasonable precautions and exercising due diligence to scrutinise any form of identification presented to verify the person's age. All the relevant information was submitted at the hearing and the committee's decision, after careful deliberation of the evidence, was to revoke the alcohol licence."

She said: "Not only are these premises flouting the law, but they are putting young people's health in danger, making them more vulnerable within the community and it may also encourage anti-social behaviour."

The Convenience Store has 21 days to appeal the committee's decision and during that time their alcohol licence remains in place. Should they appeal the decision, the matter would then be taken to the local Magistrates Court for a final judgement.

Each premises licence has a mandatory condition attached to it that states the premises licence holder shall ensure that an age verification policy applies to the premises in relation to the sale or supply of alcohol, and in the case of The Convenience Store it had a "Challenge 25" scheme in place.
