```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Wormley have released a CCTV image of a man they wish to speak with as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2019
title: CCTV appeal following robbery in Wormley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-wormley-2459k
```

* ### Three men were subject to an assault and robbery in Wormley on Saturday, January 12.

 * ### A group of males got out of a blue Mazda and demanded the victims' mobile phones.

 * ### Police wish to speak with the man pictured as he may have vital information to assist their investigation.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Wormley have released a CCTV image of a man they wish to speak with as part of their enquiries.

The incident occurred on Saturday, January 12 at around 11.55pm. Three men were walking along Fairfield Drive after a night out when a blue Mazda pulled alongside them.

Three or four males got out of the car and approached the group, demanding their property. Each man was assaulted and had their mobile phone and bank cards stolen from them.

Detective Constable Vicky Cornelius from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit is investigating the incident. She said: "Thankfully, the victims only sustained slight injuries.

"We are continuing to investigate and, as part of our enquiries, we'd like to speak with the man pictured as it's believed he may have vital information that could assist us.

"If you recognise the man, witnessed the incident, or have any other information in relation to the incident please contact me by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/3912/19. You can also report information online _._

"Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them."
