```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward, as a part of an ongoing investigation into an incident in Watford.
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2021
title: Did you witness incident in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-watford-1195c
```

* ## The incident occurred in Wiggenhall Road and continued into Farraline Road.

 * ## Police are asking witnesses to come forward.

 * ## A man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward, as a part of an ongoing investigation into an incident in Watford.

It is alleged that the drivers of two vehicles were involved in an altercation over parking outside a parade of shops in Wiggenhall Road, at around 5pm on Tuesday 9 February.

This altercation then continued into Farraline Road and police were called.

Assistant Investigator Joanne Czuba said: "Our enquiries into the incident are continuing at this time. As part of this, we are appealing for witnesses to come forward. I appreciate that there are less people out and about due to the current lockdown restrictions, but I believe there are people who would have seen what happened. If you have any information, or perhaps captured dash cam footage, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please email Joanne Czuba.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/9810/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

 * #### A 37-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of common assault, racially aggravated public order and making threats to commit criminal damage. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
