```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to nine and a half years in prison for rape, sexual assault by penetration, threats to kill and ABH.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: Man sentenced for sexual offences and assault by penetration
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-for-sexual-offences-and-assault-by-penetration-1331A
```

* Paul Beale, 37, of Bishop's Stortford, has been sentenced to nine and a half years for sexual offences and assault.
 * St Albans Crown Court heard how he raped his victim before beating her and threatening to kill her.
 * He is also subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and will be on the Sex Offenders' Register indefinitely.

A man has been sentenced to nine and a half years in prison for rape, sexual assault by penetration, threats to kill and ABH.

Paul Beale, aged 37, of Mitre Gardens, Bishop's Stortford, was found guilty by jury after a nine-day trial at St Albans Crown Court. He had previously pleaded guilty to one count of assault by beating.

As His Honourable Judge Warner handed down the sentence yesterday (Monday, December 18), he said Beale had 'no understanding of the pain that he caused to the victim'.

The attack happened at Beale's home address in Mitre Gardens, where he raped the victim. He then threatened to kill her before seriously assaulting her, causing cuts and bruising to her face.

 Detective Constable Sophia Latif, from the Sexual Offences Investigation Team, said: "I want to applaud the victim for her bravery throughout this case. I cannot imagine what she has been through and Beale subjected her to a horrific ordeal which must have been very frightening. I am pleased with the sentence Beale has received, and this means a dangerous man is no longer free to prey on vulnerable women."

 Beale is subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order, which means he must not contact his victim and if he enters into another developing relationship he must inform officers so they can monitor him for the safety of any new partner.

He will also be placed on the Sex Offenders' Register indefinitely.

Any resident in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual assault can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. Herts SARC is an independent service, to contact them call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email or visit.

Paul Beale
