```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-seven-year old Robert Kemp was given a full five-year Stalking Protection Order (SPO) to safeguard his ex-partner from his obsessive and controlling behaviour.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: Full stalking order for Hitchin man
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/full-stalking-order-for-hitchin-man-1361all
```

* ## A woman has been safeguarded from obsessive and controlling behaviour after a man was given a Stalking Protection Order.

 * ## If he fails to comply with the conditions, he could be sent to prison.

 * ## If you know anyone whose behaviour has changed and are concerned about their relationship, call police on 101 or Safer Places on Saferplaces.co.uk.

Thirty-seven-year old Robert Kemp was given a full five-year Stalking Protection Order (SPO) to safeguard his ex-partner from his obsessive and controlling behaviour.

Kemp, previously from Hitchin, currently living in Links Avenue, Norwich, was the first person in Hertfordshire to be given an interim Stalking Protection Order back in October 2020 and it is the second full SPO in the county.

The order was given to him at a virtual court on behalf of Luton Magistrates' Court heard by a district judge on Friday (19 March). He had previously served a two-month prison sentence after pleading guilty to stalking in July last year.

Detective Inspector Claire Richardson from the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit said: "Although it is new legislation, it is really powerful in protecting people from irrational, obsessive behaviour. Kemp harassed his ex-girlfriend obsessively on social media and online as well as face-to-face when she ended their two-year relationship. He threatened to take his life, used emotional blackmail and gaslighting - all signs of psychological abuse. We worked with other agencies to safeguard the victim as well as giving Kemp access to other agencies, including mental health services."

The victim said when he was given the interim order last year: "Being harassed online is tiring and all consuming. It feels like everything I do online, anything I post, any app I download, he is there watching and waiting."

The victim called police on 101 when things escalated and Kemp was arrested on June 26, 2020. The victim was immediately referred to DC Mawer in DAISU and Safer Places. The victim said: "Report it - no matter how insignificant you think it is. Screen shot everything as it is evidence no matter how paranoid it may feel - without it, the case will be difficult to prove. I've always felt like I was being taken seriously even from the beginning.

Detective Constable Kate Mawer from DAISU said: "Kemp was completely fixated on his victim, she felt suffocated and couldn't breathe without him being there after she had ended their relationship. He was literally in every corner of her life, trying to contact her by whatever means. The SPO gives her much more protection than a restraining order, which runs alongside this order. I'm pleased to report that her life has been transformed without Kemp in her life. She's so grateful for the support she has received and it is very satisfying from our point of view to know that we can use these powers. If Kemp fails to comply with the SPO, he could be sent back to prison. We will continue to support the victim."

The victim added: "His harassment may seem trivial but it is not. I can finally get on with my life. I'm especially grateful to PC Kate Mawer and Ivona from Safer Places for their ongoing help and support."

DI Richardson said: "We have robust ways to deal with this unwanted and irrational behaviour. In addition to arresting and charging perpetrators, we work with a number of specialist agencies to support and protect victims so that they can get on with their lives. Kemp's SPO gives his victim added protection.

"If you know anyone whose behaviour has changed and are concerned about their relationship, call police on 101 or contact Safer Places at Saferplaces.co.uk. Please be reassured, we are always here to help."

Under the order, Kemp is prohibited from:

 * approaching, seeking to approach or communicating by whatever means, directly or indirectly, with the victim (this includes social media or using banking apps).
 * referring to the victim directly or indirectly in any public online forum.
 * Entering any address or location he knows or believes the victim to be including her place of work.
 * Using any mobile phone, computer, tablet or any device capable of connecting to the internet, (other than a games console), without risk management software being installed. In the event that, risk management software is unavailable he is prohibited from using the devices listed above unless i) he obtains written permission to use the device from his monitoring officer; ii) It has the capacity, to retain and display internet history and he does not delete, amend, change or prevent history, being stored (this includes "in private/incognito" browsing); and iii) he makes the device available, for inspection upon request (which includes providing correct passwords).
 * Using any games console unless i) It has the capacity to retain and display internet history and he does not delete, amend, change or, prevent history being stored (this includes "in private/incognito" browsing); and ii) he makes the device available for inspection upon request (which includes providing correct passwords).
 * Making any video or engaging in any surveillance of the victim or other women without their permission.

The first full stalking order in Hertfordshire was given to a Watford man last month (February).

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window).
