```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Tring have released two images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2018
title: CCTV appeal following a robbery in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-a-robbery-in-Tring
```

* ### Do you know who this person is? Do you recognise their clothing or their stature?

 * ### Police would like to speak to them as part of enquiries into a robbery at a bookmakers in Tring

 * ### If you know this person, please call 101 quoting crime reference D3/17/856

Officers investigating a robbery in Tring have released two images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened at Coral Bookmakers on the High Street just after 8.30pm on Saturday, November 25 2017.

The offender entered the shop via the rear exit and threatened a staff member with a gun, demanding that she open the safe.

She did so before placing a quantity of cash inside a plastic bag the offender was holding. He then left via the rear exit and made off from the scene.

Detective Constable Naysha Foley, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the staff member was not injured during the incident but it was a frightening experience for her.

"I appreciate you cannot see the person's face in these images but perhaps you recognise their clothing or their stature?

"If you do, or if you have any information that may assist the investigation, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D3/17/856, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
