```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men have today (Friday, December 1) been convicted for the parts they played in a murder plot to kill a man by firing a sawn off shotgun through a letterbox in South Oxhey.
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2017
title: Four men convicted following shooting in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Four-men-convicted-following-shooting-in-South-Oxhey
```

* Four men convicted of conspiracy to murder at St Albans Crown Court.
 * A sawn off shotgun was fired through the letterbox of a flat in South Oxhey.
 * The intended target was not at home at the time and another man suffered serious leg injuries.

Four men have today (Friday, December 1) been convicted for the parts they played in a murder plot to kill a man by firing a sawn off shotgun through a letterbox in South Oxhey.

**Anthony McLaughlin** , aged 27, of Baldwins Lane, Croxley Green, **Leon Usher** , aged 39, of Bedford Road, Barton Le Clay, **Christopher Kerr** , aged 31, of Wyvil Road, Stockwell and **Wayne Allando Holness** , aged 22, of Cheltenham Road, Peckham, were found guilty by a jury of conspiracy to murder at St Albans Crown Court.

A fifth man - Michael Smith, aged 26, of John Street, South Norwood - was cleared of all charges by the jury.

On the night of December 1, 2016, the victim was staying at a friend's flat in Ainsdale Road when he heard two knocks at the front door.

As he approached shouting "I'm coming", he was shot in the right thigh with a sawn off shotgun that had been poked through the letterbox. The intended target was not home at the time.

The victim suffered a wound to his leg and the court heard that had it not been for the reinforced letterbox and that he was standing slightly to the side of it, he would have been 'injured extremely seriously and, possibly, fatally'.

On that night Kerr and Holness had travelled to the flat after an agreement had been made to kill. One of the men entered the block of flats and carried out the shooting.

At the time, McLaughlin was in Croxley Green and Usher was in Stockwell, south London but detailed analysis of telephone calls shows that they were involved in the agreement to murder.

The next day, on December 2, Trident officers from the Metropolitan Police carried out a warrant at an address in South Norwood, Croydon. The shotgun and seven cartridges were recovered from a Ford Fiesta parked nearby. Cannabis with a street value between £1,200 and £1,800 was also recovered from the car and home and thousands of pounds in cash were found inside the property.

Holness had gone out that morning but was arrested when officers spotted him returning to the area.

Following in-depth analysis of mobile phone evidence, Kerr was arrested on June 8, McLaughlin was arrested on June 11 and Usher was arrested on August 10 by Hertfordshire officers.

The shooting was investigated by detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit in partnership with the Metropolitan Police Trident and Area Crime Command.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "This was an in-depth and complex investigation and it's testament to the dedication and hard work of investigating officers that four defendants have been found guilty today.

"All four men were aware of the plan to murder on the night of December 1 2016 and they all played a part.

"The unintended victim spent three and a half weeks in hospital following the shooting and had to be readmitted in January 2017 when the wound became infected. Today, he still suffers with constant pain in his leg."

Detective Constable Martin Reader, of the Met's Trident and Area Crime Command, said: "These four defendants conspired together to organise the shooting and attempted murder of a man through the cowardly use of a shotgun pushed through a letterbox.

"Had it not been for the fact the victim was standing slightly to the side of the front door, this would have resulted in a fatality".

Detective Chief Inspector Adam Lowe, the Senior Investigating Officer from the Met's Trident Area Crime Command, said "A thorough enquiry conducted jointly by Trident officers and colleagues from Hertfordshire Police has resulted in convictions of these very dangerous men who are now likely to receive substantial prison sentences."

The four men are due to be sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday, December 7.

The sawn off shotgun used in the shooting.
