```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 7 May 2020
title: Assault in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-welwyn-garden-city-0094b
```

* ## The incident occurred on a cut through near The Ridgeway.

 * ## A woman was pulled to the ground by an unknown man.

 * ## Police are asking anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Welwyn Garden City.

The incident occurred between 3.30am and 3.45am on Tuesday 5 May.

A woman aged in her 30s was walking along a cut through, between Ridgeway and Barrington Mews (national route 61), when she was approached from behind and pulled to the floor by an unknown male. The man then grabbed her T-shirt and spoke to her in an aggressive manner.

The woman managed to free herself and run off.

Nothing was taken, however the woman sustained minor injuries.

The suspect was wearing a dark coloured, long sleeve top and may have been riding a bicycle. He also spoke with what has been described as a 'European accent'.

PC Tom Hassall, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "Our enquiries are continuing to trace the suspect and establish the circumstances around the incident. I appreciate there would have been very few people in the area due to the time of the day and the current government restrictions in place, however we are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen any suspicious activity around the time.

"If you were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted, please review any footage and contact us if you think you may have captured something which could help."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/35308/20.Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
