```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men have been jailed for committing a series of burglary offences across Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire.
publish:
  date: 28 May 2020
title: Burglary gang sentenced
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-gang-sentenced-0166d
```

* ### Gang targeted vehicles during burglaries.

 * ### They committed 19 offences across three counties.

 * ### Investigation led by Hertfordshire's Specialist Investigation Team.

Four men have been jailed for committing a series of burglary offences across Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Specialist Investigation Team launched an investigation after a number of burglaries were committed between April and July 2019. In most cases the offenders forced entry into homes during the night to steal car keys and other small items. They would then steal the car. The approximate value of the property stolen was in the region of £125,000.

Nineteen offences were committed in Hemel Hempstead, Harpenden, Caddington, Winslow, Leighton Buzzard and Chesham and the offenders would commit a number of offences in the same night.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Specialist Investigation Team, took on the investigation after a pattern of burglaries began to emerge. Using a number of techniques, including piecing together CCTV images from the offence areas, they were able to link the offences and gather together the evidence in order to identify and arrest the men.

They were sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Thursday (May 21) following an earlier trial at St Albans Crown Court in January.

 * Joshua Anslow, aged 20, from Church Road, Studham, pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing and was sentenced to 2 years and 8 months.
 * Tyler Ogden-Hooper, aged 20, currently of HM Prison, St Loyes Street, Bedford, was sentenced to 4 years and 2 months for conspiracy to burgle and conspiracy to steal vehicles. He was also sentenced to 9 months, to run concurrently for the dangerous driving to which he pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing. He was also disqualified from driving for 40 months (3 years 4 months) and will have to take the extended driving test.
 * George Wadsworth, aged 19, from Hillborough Crescent, Houghton Regis, was sentenced to 3 years and 6 months for conspiracy to burgle and conspiracy to steal vehicles.
 * Reece Wheeler, aged 20, from HM Prison, St Loyes Street, Bedford, was sentenced to 4 years and 2 months for conspiracy to burgle and conspiracy to steal vehicles.

A fifth man is wanted in connection with these offences. Reece White, aged 22 and of High Street South, Dunstable has been summoned to court after failing to appear at court for his trial. If anyone knows of his whereabouts they are asked to contact police immediately.

DC Simon Smith, from the Specialist Investigation Team said: "These were relatively young offenders who had started out on a life of crime. Their crimes were of particular concern given the nature of breaking into homes, during the night whilst the occupants were sleeping.

"This was a very involved investigation, but one where the pieces of the puzzle came together and led us to the gang. I hope the time inside provides them with the opportunity to reconsider their life choices."

Wanted Reece White

George Wadsworth

Reece Wheeler

Tyler Ogden-Hooper
