```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a sexual assault in Royston.
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following sexual assault in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-royston-1099
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a sexual assault in Kneesworth Street.

 * ### The incident happened on Friday 1 January at around 7.45pm.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Sydnie Grace directly via email.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a sexual assault in Royston.

On Friday 1 January, at approximately 7.45pm, the female victim was walking down Kneesworth Street when a car pulled up next to her. The driver of the vehicle asked if she wanted a lift, which she refused before walking away.

The driver, who was a man, exited the vehicle and approached the victim, before reportedly touching her inappropriately. The victim confronted him, and then ran off in the direction of Tesco.

Detective Constable Sydnie Grace said: "The incident occurred in a residential street, so we believe that some people may have witnessed it. If you did, please could you get in touch as soon as possible.

"If you have any information that you think could assist with our enquiries, please get in contact. Even something that may seem relatively minor or insignificant could be key to the investigation."

If you have any information, you can contact DC Grace directly via email at sydnie.grace@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference **41/2273/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.

 * **One person, a 19-year-old man from Royston, has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. He has been released on conditional bail.**
