```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of suspected arson in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following suspected arson in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-suspected-arson-in-Stevenage-0570
```

* ### Police are investigating a suspected arson in Ascot Crescent, Stevenage.

 * ### It happened at around 10pm on Friday, July 20.

 * ### Cardboard is believed to have been set alight which spread to a garden fence, patio furniture and a sofa.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of suspected arson in Stevenage.

At around 10pm on Friday 20 July, a 6ft tall pile of cardboard caught alight in Ascot Crescent.

The cardboard was stacked up against a rear garden fence and the fire spread to the fence, setting alight patio furniture and a sofa.

Detective Constable Karen Dewar, who is investigating, said: "We are treating the fire as suspected arson. Luckily, nobody was injured but the outcome could have potentially been devastating.

"Significant damage was caused include smoke damage to the brick wall of the house and the heat of the flames melted the guttering.

"I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened, or may have seen suspicious activity in the area around the time of the fire, to please get in touch with me.

"If you've got information, no matter how small it might seem, call 101 or email me at karen.dewar@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/19668/18. The information could be vital to our investigation."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
