```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Hoddesdon on Tuesday (22 October).
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2019
title: Teenager arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-arrested-on-suspicion-of-attempted-murder-in-hoddesdon-0941
```

* ### A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in Hoddesdon.

 * ### The incident took place on Tuesday 22 October around 10.30am in the Pound Close area.

 * ### Witnesses or anyone with information should call 101 quoting ISR 220 of 22 October.

A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Hoddesdon on Tuesday (22 October).

The 17 year old from Hoddesdon will be questioned by detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit who are continuing with their enquiries into what happened.

Police were called at 10.30am yesterday (22 October) to reports of a teenage boy being injured in Pound Close.

The ambulance service was called and the boy was taken to hospital by air ambulance where he remains in a stable condition.

Detective Chief Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the BCH Major Crime Unit, said: "We are in the early stages of this investigation and extensive enquiries are being carried out to help establish the sequence of events before and after the incident.

"We believe this to be an isolated incident between individuals thought to be known to each other.

"Any witnesses or anyone with information is urged to get in touch straight away."

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 220 of 22 October.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
