```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five men have been charged with conspiracy to commit burglary following an Operation Scorpion sting.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2020
title: Five men charged with conspiracy to commit burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/five-men-charged-with-conspiracy-to-commit-burglary-1252
```

* ### Five men have been charged with conspiracy to commit burglary in the county.

 * ### They were arrested following joint force working on Monday 6 January.

 * ### The Herts Police Specialist Investigation Team has taken on the investigation.

Five men have been charged with conspiracy to commit burglary following an Operation Scorpion sting.

While carrying out proactive patrols on the evening of Monday 6 January officers from the Hertsmere Scorpion team identified a vehicle which was believed to be linked to burglaries in St Albans, Hertsmere and Watford.

Officers were alerted that the vehicle was in Cambridgeshire before travelling south and it was then spotted on the A505 near Duxford.

With assistance from the Mobile Scorpion Team, the Road Policing Unit, Essex Police, the Metropolitan Police Service and the police helicopter, the vehicle was pursued into London where it was eventually stopped on the A406. Five men were arrested.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Specialist Investigation Team took primacy of the investigation. All were subsequently charged with conspiracy to commit dwelling burglary.

Those charged are:

 * Alexis Castro, aged 37, from London.
 * Christian Rubio, aged 38, of no fixed abode.
 * Carlos Aranis, aged 30, of no fixed abode.
 * Mario Fernandez-Garrido, aged 33, of no fixed abode.
 * Sergio Saravia, aged 38, of no fixed abode.

Saravia was also charged with failure to stop a vehicle when required by a constable.

 * Operation Scorpion is a Hertfordshire Police initiative to drive down serious-acquisitive crime, relentlessly pursue criminals, bring them to justice and make the county a more hostile place for them to operate.

###
