```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Year Six children at Northaw C of E Primary School are working hard to target speeding drivers as part of their Mini Police scheme.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Mini Police in Northaw target speeding drivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-in-northaw-target-speeding-drivers-0494b
```

* ### Year Six children at Northaw C of E Primary School are working hard to target speeding drivers as part of their Mini Police scheme.

 * ### On Wednesday 26 June, the children headed onto Vineyards Road, outside their school, equipped with a Speed Identification Device.

 * ### The children have also been busy designing posters to try and encourage drivers to slow down past their school.

Year Six children at Northaw C of E Primary School are working hard to target speeding drivers as part of their Mini Police scheme.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events. The programme aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

On Wednesday 26 June, the children headed onto Vineyards Road, outside their school, equipped with a Speed Identification Device.

PCSO Deborah Rogers, who leads the school's Mini Police scheme, said: "The children were doing speed checks and giving big thumbs up to all those driving within the limit but were shocked to discover how many people still drove through at above 30mph, even with all of us outside in high viz jackets.

"They have all been busy designing posters to try and encourage drivers to slow down past their school and to try and help improve the parking at school pick up and drop off time. Their enthusiasm has been great and we are all looking forward to seeing what impact their work has."

** **
