```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2019
title: House burglary in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/house-burglary-in-stevenage-0741e
```

* ### A property in Stevenage was broken into.

 * Multiple items were stolen, including a very sentimental necklace.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses

Officers investigating a burglary in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.

The incident took place in Wisden Road, between Monday 2 September and Friday 6 September. The victim returned home to find that their house had been broken into. The suspects had entered the property through a window.

A search was carried out, and multiple items were found to be missing. This includes games consoles and video games, a mobile phone, money and jewellery.

Detective Constable Kathryn Pink, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "One of the items stolen was a necklace which had huge sentimental value to the victim, as it had belonged to her for 21 years and she wore it on her wedding day. I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may have come across it to please contact police.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area between the times stated. Please be sure to remain vigilant, especially when leaving your home unoccupied for an extended period of time."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Pink directly via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/81095/19.Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. **

**
