```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested for being in a property which is subject to a partial closure order in Ellis House, Charrington Place.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2020
title: Man arrested for breaching St Albans closure order
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-for-breaching-st-albans-closure-order-1414f
```

* ## A man has been arrested for being in a property which is subject to a partial closure order in St Albans.

 * ## The man has been bailed and is due to appear at St Albans Magistrates Court on March 9.

 * ## The address will continue to be monitored.

A man has been arrested for being in a property which is subject to a partial closure order in Ellis House, Charrington Place.

There are notices up on both the door and wall outside the flat stating that there is a closure order in place. The partial closure order, which was put in place on Thursday January 30, means that no-one is able to enter the property apart from the occupant, Hightown Housing Association and the emergency services for three months. A breach of the order is a criminal offence under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The 40-year-old man was arrested at 4am on Saturday morning for entering the premises in contravention of a closure order. He has been bailed and is due to appear at St Albans Magistrates Court on March 9.

Sergeant Mike Saunders from the Community Safety Unit, said: "Entering a property which has a partial closure order is a serious offence. For the safety of nearby residents, I'd like to reassure the community that we will continue to monitor this address and take further action if necessary."

If you are worried about drug use or dealing in your local area, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
