```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Stanstead Abbotts are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2018
title: "Appeal following an assault \u2013 Stanstead Abbotts"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-assault-stanstead-abbotts-1637A
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses after a man was assaulted by two men in Stanstead Abbotts.

 * ### Christian Freer, aged 42, was assaulted on the South Street on Friday, August 3 and sustained a broken cheekbone.

 * ### If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/23882/18.

Officers investigating an assault in Stanstead Abbotts are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in South Street at 1pm on Friday, August 3.

The victim, Christian Freer, aged 42, was in his car and turning on to South Street from the High Street.

As he did so, one of two men riding pushbikes reportedly cycled in front of the car.

A verbal altercation between both parties followed, during which one of the cyclists threw an orange liquid - believed to be a sports' drink - at the victim.

A physical altercation then followed, where both men assaulted the victim leaving him with a number of cuts, bruises and a broken cheekbone which he had to seek medical treatment for.

The cyclists then made off from the scene on their bikes in the direction of the railway station.

Detective Constable Dieter Sweeting, who is investigating, said: "This was a nasty attack and I want to reassure Christian that I am doing everything I can to trace those involved.

"Did you see two men on bicycles in the area around the time stated? If so, please get in touch.

"I am particularly keen to speak to a number of people who approached Christian after the assault to ask if he was okay. It's possible that they witnessed what happened, or at least the aftermath of the incident.

"If this was you, please contact me via email, report online or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference number 41/23882/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
