```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are asking local communities to report signs of large and unlicensed gatherings in the run up to Christmas following an incident in East Herts on Friday night, 4 December.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2020
title: Woodland rave prompts police appeal
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woodland-rave-prompts-police-appeal-0960
```

* ### Police dispersed rave in woodland

 * ### Please report signs of large, unauthorised gathering to police

 * ### The rule of six currently applies outdoors

Police are asking local communities to report signs of large and unlicensed gatherings in the run up to Christmas following an incident in East Herts on Friday night, 4 December.

Officers were called to reports of a rave in Broxbourne Woods, off Pembridge Lane, Brickendon, at 11.40pm. On arrival, officers found around 200 young people gathered, with loud music playing in a marquee set up in the woodland. Large cannisters of nitrous oxide were found inside.

"These young people had clearly gathered for a woodland rave and quickly dispersed without incident because they knew they were breaking the rule of six, which means it is illegal for more than six people to get together at this time," said Chief Inspector Stuart Orton, District Policing Commander for East Herts. "While officers could not reasonably issue fines to so many people, we have issued written warnings to 27 registered keepers of vehicles parked in the wood car parks that night.

"We are all affected by the pandemic and this type of unacceptable breach not only alarms the local community, it undermines the efforts of others and sets the nation back on our difficult journey to return to a sense of normality. I'd appeal to everyone's sense of decency to do the right thing and follow the clear Tier 2 guidelines."

He added: "People may accuse us of being spoilsports but we are here to keep the people of Hertfordshire safe. Not only are these types of events illegal, they are dangerous for attendees with no crowd control measures, medical staff or security provision on site.

"We would appeal for the public's help and ask everyone to be alert to any suspicious activity in rural spots and in industrial areas, especially over this festive time. We all look forward to the day when we can have fun again with large groups of friends and family, but now is not that time."

Please be aware of the signs to spot, and inform the police if you see the following:

 * Social media messages advertising a large gathering
 * People unloading sound equipment
 * Cropped bolts on gates
 * Flattened or disturbed hedgerows
 * People in vehicles stopping to look into a field
 * People climbing over a fence or gate to look into a field
 * Vehicles entering fields or open spaces

You can report information online, launch an online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo.
