```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek is now heading up the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU) in Hatfield following an organisational re-shuffle. But St Albans is in great hands with the appointment of Chief Inspector Lynda Coates, who has a great deal of experience dealing with high-profile and complex crimes.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2018
title: St Albans welcomes a new Chief Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/st-albans-welcomes-a-new-chief-inspector-1758F
```

* ### Lynda Coates is the new Chief Inspector for the St Albans district.

 * ### She is responsible for keeping people safe, helping people, catching criminals and reducing crime in St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney.

 * ### She will focus on crime causing the most harm to communities, including rural crime.

Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek is now heading up the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU) in Hatfield following an organisational re-shuffle. But St Albans is in great hands with the appointment of **Chief Inspector Lynda Coates** , who has a great deal of experience dealing with high-profile and complex crimes.

"I was so pleased to be posted here, especially having worked here previously as a Sergeant on Operational, Crime and Proactive units," said CI Coates, whose previous post was as a Detective Inspector in the Joint Child Protection Investigation Team. "I'm looking forward to having a more strategic approach in this role and working with partner agencies including the council, fire, members of the public and schools."

She said: "I want to help people, keep people safe, reduce crime and catch people committing crime. I want to make sure my officers are highly visible; keep people updated about crimes that are emerging and on crimes they have been victims of, and focus on crimes causing the most harm within communities. In the St Albans district, burglary, vehicle crime and rural crime are our main priorities. I'd like to build on the great work CI Cheek has done to decrease all reported crime in the district, especially violent crime."

CI Coates manages over 100 officers, heading up the three Safer Neighbourhood teams, the Local Crime Unit (who deal with a range of criminal investigations), Intervention (who respond to both emergency and non-emergency incidents), the Community Safety Unit and volunteers, including Special Constables (volunteers with full police powers).

She said: "I was immediately impressed with the dedication of the St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney officers, who all work so well together as a team, with other agencies, to help keep the district safe."

She said: "Living in a rural area myself, I am especially committed to dealing with rural crime and I understand the impact this has on local farmers. It is personal for me and I will do everything I can to help farmers and landowners and deal robustly with people committing rural crime. I'd like to see more people being prosecuted for fly-tipping. We work closely with St Albans City and District Council with this issue under Operation Kendal - just last month, we found 10 vehicles trading as waste carriers without a licence."

Lynda worked as a Sergeant in St Albans in 2002, she was promoted to Inspector in 2009, working as the Detective Inspector for Offender Management and then headed up the Local Crime Team at North Herts. She also featured on the ITV series 'Married to the Job' in 2013. During her 23 year career with Hertfordshire, she has worked on some high-profile, complex and serious crimes including gang-related crimes, prolific offenders and offenders targeting children.

She said: "I've been really lucky to have had such a diverse career including dealing with risk and serious crime in child protection and offender management as well as being a detective. I will be utilising this experience in this role."

CI Coates was a Special Constable (volunteer with full police powers) in 1992 in Bedfordshire for three years whilst at University studying Drama and Criminal Sociology. "I always knew I wanted to be in the police. I'm not suited to a nine to five job. I've always loved it and couldn't imagine doing anything else."

Lynda joined the Force in 1995 aged 21. She is married to a police officer, has two children and lives in Bedfordshire. She is a huge Liverpool football fan. When she is not at work, she enjoys experiencing new challenges and has climbed Mount Toubkal in Morocco at 4,167 metres and she is currently trying to persuade others to do Everest Base Camp with her! She likes to stay fit through running and she will be running the Harpenden Herts 10k next month.

CI Cheek said: "I have thoroughly enjoyed working as the CI for the St Albans district and I'm sad to be leaving such a fantastic team and a great community. Since I joined, we have seen a small overall decrease in reported crime, started to decrease burglary offences and increased the number of offenders being arrested and charged with residential burglaries. I know Lynda will be a great asset to the district with all her experience and I wish her well."

CI Coates added: "Residents can support the work of my officers by taking some personal responsibility for keeping themselves and their property safe by using crime prevention advice, reporting suspicious activity and joining schemes like Neighbourhood Watch. Please also make sure you securely lock your car!"

The new CI is keen to promote the new ways of reporting crime, for non-emergency situations where people can report crime, provide information about suspicious activity, report non-injury road traffic collisions and anti-social driving at online. Always call 999 if you believe a crime is in progress, may be about to be in progress or the offenders are still in the area. She said: "Please be vigilant, report any suspicious behaviour and look out for your neighbours."

For the latest news, log on to the **St Albans Community Safety Partnership** Facebook page.

You can also follow CI Coates on Twitter **@StAlbansChief **

You can follow the SNTs on Twitter:

**@HarpendenPolice**

**@StAlbansPolice**

**@LdnColneyPolice**

If you would like to receive emails about crime in your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) or speak to your local PCSO.

Chief Inspector Lynda Coates
