```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As Operation Sceptre gets under way across the country this week, Stevenage police are launching their own initiative to tackle the issue of young people carrying knives.
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2018
title: Schools in Stevenage join the fight against knife crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/schools-in-stevenage-join-the-fight-against-knife-crime-1794A
```

* ### New initiative to tackle knife crime launches in Stevenage.

 * ### Every secondary school to make an educational anti knife crime film.

 * ### Red carpet screening event planned for final judging event.

As Operation Sceptre gets under way across the country this week, Stevenage police are launching their own initiative to tackle the issue of young people carrying knives.

The brainchild of Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Tabert, Operation Edge will see every secondary school in Stevenage taking part in a competition to produce an award winning educational short film that raises awareness of knife crime and explores the reasons why young people carry knives.

Supported by £8,500 of funding from local Councillors and the Safer Neighbourhood Initiative Fund, the schools started making their films at the beginning of the autumn term, aiming to complete the process by mid-November. Each film is being produced by a team of pupils from across the year groups.

The films will then be submitted for judging and shown to their own schools. To accompany these screenings, Stevenage Police have produced an online questionnaire that will be completed by every secondary school pupil in the town. The survey will provide data showing how young people in Stevenage are affected by knife crime.

Each film will be assessed by a panel of experts, including TV Actor Kevin Whately, Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Film Composer David Arnold, who will select a winning entry and runner(s) up.

The schools will then be invited to a red carpet screening event at the Stevenage Cineworld on January 17, where the results of the judging process will be announced. Each film will be viewed on the big screen as part of the event.

Inspector Tabert said: "I am delighted with the enthusiasm shown by the local schools and their willingness to get involved and I am also really grateful to Councillors and the support they have provided.

"This will be a great way to get young people to really think about knife crime and the consequences. Instead of a lesson, or the police giving a talk, they get to choose the message and the way it is delivered. The event in January will be a fantastic opportunity to showcase their talent, and present a positive image of young people and the town of Stevenage."

Chief Inspector for Stevenage Alicia Shaw said: "We take the issue of knife crime very seriously in Stevenage and know that we have to find more effective ways to get the message across to young people about the dangers and consequences of choosing to carry a knife. I am very grateful to everyone who has supported this venture.I look forward to viewing the films."
