```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two people were arrested and a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs were recovered following a series of warrants at addresses in Bishop\u2019s Stortford and East London on Friday (14 August)."
publish:
  date: 18 Aug 2020
title: Class A drugs seized following warrants
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/class-a-drugs-seized-following-warrants-0505
```

* ### Warrants were carried out at six addresses.

 * ### Suspected Class A drugs were seized, along with cash.

 * ### Two people were arrested.

Two people were arrested and a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs were recovered following a series of warrants at addresses in Bishop's Stortford and East London on Friday (14 August).

The operation was led by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operational Support Group (OSG), with support from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), East Herts Scorpion Team and the Mobile Scorpion Unit.

It was carried out as part of continued work to tackle County Lines drug dealing and associated criminality across the county. Warrants were executed at addresses in Radley Lane and The Goldings in Bishop's Stortford and at four further addresses in East London during the morning.

Approximately 300 wraps of suspected Class A drugs, with an estimated street value of up to £5,000, were seized, as well as a large amount of cash.

Two people were arrested at London addresses for conspiracy to supply Class A and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Sergeant James Rounce, from the OSG, said: "We continue to be relentless in our pursuit of those who are involved with drug supply in Hertfordshire. Drugs are often the catalyst for more serious and violent crimes, which causes misery and worry and for local residents.

"If you have any information about drug supply please report it, to help us build up the intelligence we need to take appropriate action."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
