```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Pupils at two schools in Potters Bar have been learning about the law, how to be a responsible citizen and the consequences of crime and anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 21 Mar 2019
title: Mini Police scheme launched at Potters Bar schools
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mini-police-scheme-launched-at-potters-bar-schools-2784J
```

* ### Mini Police has been launched in two Potters Bar schools.

 * ### Pupils have been learning about community safety and personal safety.

 * ### It has been funded by the Police and Crime Commissioner.

Pupils at two schools in Potters Bar have been learning about the law, how to be

a responsible citizen and the consequences of crime and anti-social behaviour.

They have been taking part in the Mini Police scheme, which is designed to

help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and

community safety.

Children aged 10 and 11 at Pope Paul Catholic Primary School and The Wroxham

School took part. Neighbourhood Sergeant Noel Buckley and PCSOs Carl Rowson

and Cheryll Lavell were involved in their weekly lessons.

Sgt Buckley said: "Mini Police offers us a unique opportunity to work in

partnership with young people and get them interested and involved in their

community. It has been fantastic to speak with the young people and help them

understand our role, the law and how to get help when they need it. We have

been educating them about road safety and personal safety. We hope they take

on board this advice and we may even see some budding recruits in the future!"

The programme originated in Durham. An eight-week trial of the scheme took

place at Harpenden Academy last year. Following its success, the scheme is

gradually being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police

and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

Police and Crime Commissioner Lloyd added: "This is a fantastic scheme which

engages young people and gives them lots of training and information to keep

them safe. I was pleased to be able to fund a countywide roll-out of the scheme

so that even more children can take advantage of this programme and it's great

this is now up and running."
