```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hertfordshire-based volunteer scheme which provides support to vulnerable witnesses and victims has been named runner-up at a prestigious national award ceremony.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2018
title: "Hertfordshire\u2019s RAPPAW scheme named runner-up at prestigious awards"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-scheme-named-runner-up-at-prestigious-awards1965
```

* ### The RAPPAW scheme was named runner-up in the Team category at the Lord Ferrers Awards.

 * ### More than 50 candidates were shortlisted.

 * ### The RAPPAW scheme helps vulnerable victims across Hertfordshire.

A Hertfordshire-based volunteer scheme which provides support to vulnerable witnesses and victims has been named runner-up at a prestigious national award ceremony.

Representatives from the RAPPAW scheme travelled to London for the 25th annual Lord Ferrers Awards on Tuesday (October 16) which celebrate the contributions of police support volunteers, special constables, volunteer police cadets and volunteers supporting the work of Police and Crime Commissioners.

Police forces in England and Wales and members of the public submitted over 700 nominations this year, the highest number ever received in the Awards' history, with 53 candidates making the shortlist.

RAPPAW was set up by retired Temporary Assistant Chief Constable Jane Swinburne in 2016 and utilises trained volunteers and their dogs to help vulnerable witnesses.

The idea of the scheme is two-fold:

• To assist investigators with the rapport-building stage between themselves and victims or witnesses. Often this can be lengthy and difficult, but with the addition of a dog, barriers to communication can be removed with the person feeling more at ease.

• To provide aftercare and support for any vulnerable victim within the community. Essentially volunteers are assigned to victims who have been offered the scheme and consented to it. They then regularly visit them and provide much needed additional support. Such cases include vulnerable victims of distraction burglary, fraud and anti-social behaviour.

To date, the team has 22 members and has completed 450 deployments.

They were named runners-up in the Team Award category at Tuesday's ceremony.

Jane said: "I am so proud of RAPPAW. The volunteers, or RAPPAWers as we know them, are so committed. This scheme was a brand new concept and the RAPPAWers embrace it, give of their time and work with their four-legged best friends to bring comfort, companionship and solace to some of our county's most vulnerable victims."

The scheme is now coordinated by Julie Morrison who also scooped Volunteer Advisor of the Year at the Constabulary's own Annual Volunteers' Awards ceremony this year.

"To even be nominated for this prestigious award was such an honour," said Julie, who works within the Constabulary's Workforce Development team.

"We had a fantastic time at the ceremony and hearing the stories of the other nominees was truly inspiring.

"The RAPPAW scheme has gone from strength to strength and I want to thank everyone involved for their dedication which has undoubtedly made a difference to so many."

For more information about this year's ceremony, visit https://www.gov.uk/government/news/special-constables-and-police-volunteers-honoured-at-awards

RAPPAW volunteers with Mike Cunningham, CEO of the College of Policing PHOTO: Home Office
