```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Letchworth investigating a suspicious incident in which a girl was allegedly grabbed by the wrist by an unknown man, are appealing for anyone who has experienced anything similar or recognises the description to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 1 May 2019
title: Suspicious Incident in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Suspicious-Incident-in-Letchworth-0151G
```

* ### 12 year old girl approached by man in Letchworth who grabbed her wrist then walked away

 * ### Detectives appeal for anyone else who may have seen the man to get in touch

 * ### Man is described as white and around 20 -30 years with blondish brown stubble

Detectives in Letchworth investigating a suspicious incident in which a girl was allegedly grabbed by the wrist by an unknown man, are appealing for anyone who has experienced anything similar or recognises the description to get in contact.

On Thursday April 4, a 12 year old girl reported that a man came out from behind a tree and grabbed her by the wrist as she walked past him. The girl pulled away and the man left the area. The incident happened at around 7am in High Avenue at the junction with Unwin Close in Letchworth.

The man was described as being white and around 20/30 years old. He was around 5'8" tall and of slim build with blondish brown stubble. He was wearing a dark grey hooded top with the hood up and dark skinny fit jogging bottoms with white paint splashed on them.

Detective Lea Parker who is investigating the incident said: "We have carried out extensive investigations in the area. We are now keen to speak to anyone else who may have been approached in this way, or who recognises the description of the offender or who has seen a man hanging around this area.

"The girl was not harmed as a result of this incident and the man made no attempt to follow her, however we would urge people to report any similar suspicious activity immediately."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Detective Lea Parker in the North Herts Local Crime Unit on 101 or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
