```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Bushey are issuing an e-fit of a suspect they would like to identify.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2018
title: E-fit released following burglary in Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/E-fit-released-following-burglary-in-Bushey-1802
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police want to speak to him following a burglary in Bushey.

 * ### Offender(s) gained access to the home by smashing a window.

 * ### They stole jewellery from inside before making off.

 * ### Anyone who recognises the man pictured is asked to contact police.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Bushey are issuing an e-fit of a suspect they would like to identify.

At around 7.15pm on Sunday, January 28, offender(s) gained access to a home in Bushey Mill Lane by smashing a window. They carried out an untidy search and the following items were stolen:

 * A gold charm bracelet with around 10 charms.
 * A gold wedding ring.
 * A small square diamond ring.
 * Three coloured gold hoop earrings.
 * Gold curved earrings.
 * A gold and diamond earring.

Detective Sergeant David Smith, who is investigating, said: "We have conducted a number of enquiries following this burglary in January and are now in a position to ask for the public's help to identify the man pictured.

"If you recognise this man or have any information that may assist our on-going investigation please contact me by emailing david.smith@herts.pnn.police.uk, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J2/18/141 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
