```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers will be in the Redbourn Road area of Hemel Hempstead this evening making further enquiries exactly one week after a woman was sexually assaulted in the street.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2019
title: "Sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead \u2013 anniversary appeal"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sexual-assault-in-hemel-hempstead-anniversary-appeal-0228
```

Officers will be in the Redbourn Road area of Hemel Hempstead this evening making further enquiries exactly one week after a woman was sexually assaulted in the street.

The victim was walking along Redbourn Road at around 11.40pm last Wednesday (May 8) when she was approached by a man who touched her inappropriately.

The offender was disturbed by a nearby resident who came to the woman's aid and shouted at the man, who then ran away.

The offence happened on the stretch of road between the roundabout at the junction with St Agnells Lane and the Link Road and the Texaco petrol station.

This evening officers will be at the location speaking to members of the public - both motorists and pedestrians - to ask if they saw anything suspicious on the night of the incident or have any information that could assist the on-going investigation.

Since the assault the Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team (SOIT) have continued to carry out significant enquiries and officers are providing on-going support to the victim.

As part of the investigation, officers are linking an incident that happened four days earlier on Saturday, May 4 when, just before 7pm in Shenley Road, a man grabbed the arm of a woman and said 'hello' before running off.

Detective Inspector John Harlock from SOIT said: "If you are in the Redbourn Road area of Hemel Hempstead tonight you can expect to see officers from the town's Safer Neighbourhood Teams there. If you believe you have information that could assist our investigation, no matter how small or insignificant it might seem, please feel free to speak to them.

"Alternatively, you can contact me via email at _john.harlock@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/41379/19.

"If you'd rather stay completely anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
