```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three people from Watford have been arrested following a warrant that was executed in the town this morning (Friday 6 March).
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2020
title: Three arrested after warrant conducted in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-after-warrant-conducted-in-watford-1406
```

* ### Three people have been arrested following a warrant in Watford this morning (Friday 6 March)

 * ### Officers entered the address in Outlook Place, off Langley Road, at 6.20am

 * ### Suspected drugs, cash, mobile phones and weapons were seized from the property

Three people from Watford have been arrested following a warrant that was executed in the town this morning (Friday 6 March).

Officers from Watford's Operation Scorpion Team entered the address in Outlook Place, off Langley Road, at 6.20am under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act (PACE).

A 22 year old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs, and failure to comply with a Community Protection Order.

A 19 year old man was arrested on suspicion of being concerned with the supply of a controlled drug and failure to comply with a Community Protection Order.

A 17 year old boy was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

All three are currently in police custody.

After searching the address, officers recovered suspected cannabis, drugs paraphernalia, a large amount of cash and mobile phones. Several weapons, including a baseball bat, were also seized.

Detective Sergeant Chris Parperi, from the Watford Operation Scorpion Team, said: "This morning's warrant is a key example of the robust action we can, and will take, if we receive information to suggest there is drug dealing activity in your neighbourhood.

"Before taking proactive steps we gather as much intelligence as possible, and the information we receive from the public is a vital part of this. On this occasion, we have been able to remove weapons and suspected Class B drugs from the street, resulting in disruption to suspected criminal activity.

"We hope today's high-visibility action provides reassurance to nearby residents because we know that drug often has a hugely detrimental effect on local communities, as it is likely to be a pre-cursor to more violent and acquisitive crime."

If you have information about suspected drugs activity in your community, you can tell police by reporting it online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speaking to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat at www.herts.police.uk/contact or by calling non-emergency number 101.

If you don't want to speak directly to police, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or fill out a form on their website at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
