```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two 18-year-old men and three teenage boys have been charged or reported with conspiracy to commit GBH and conspiracy to rob in St Albans and London Colney between December 9, 2019 and September 30, 2020.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Six charged with serious violence and related crimes in St Albans and London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/six-charged-with-serious-violence-and-related-crimes-in-st-albans-and-london-colney-0769f
```

* ## Two 18-year-old men and three teenage boys have been charged or reported with conspiracy to commit GBH and conspiracy to rob in St Albans and London Colney over a ten month period.

 * ## They are due in court on November 20.

 * ## A long and complex police investigation took place.

Two 18-year-old men and three teenage boys have been charged or reported with conspiracy to commit GBH and conspiracy to rob in St Albans and London Colney between December 9, 2019 and September 30, 2020.

Kobi Nelson, aged 18, of De Parys Avenue in Bedford and Mason Monahan, also aged 18, of Broadwater Crescent in Welwyn Garden City are due to appear at St Albans Magistrates Court on Friday November 20 in relation to conspiracy to commit GBH and conspiracy to rob between December 9, 2019 and September 30, 2020.

A boy aged 16 has been remanded in custody with the same offences and will appear at St Albans Crown Court on November 16.

Two boys aged 17 have also been summonsed directly to St Albans Magistrates Court on November 20.

Oliver Wallace-Greaves, age 24, of Cottonmill Crescent in St Albans has been reported for assisting offender and will also be summonsed to St Albans Magistrates Court on November 20.

Detectives from the St Albans Local Crime Unit have been thoroughly investigating a series of serious violent assaults and associated robberies that occurred between December 9, 2019 and September this year across St Albans and London Colney.

Detective Sergeant Tom Evans said: "This has been a long and complex investigation. I'd like to reassure residents, especially those affected by these incidents, that we continue to take robust action against violent crimes."

You can report information or intelligence online or by speaking to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. You can also call the non-emergency number 101.

You can tell us your view via echo St Albans and have your say.

Follow us on Facebook and Twitter **@ St Albans Police** and join our Online Watch Link (OWL) for emails about crime in your area.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
