```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Cash, jewellery and electrical items have been stolen in the latest series of burglaries in Marshalswick this week
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2018
title: Help us identify Marshalswick burglars
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-us-identify-marshalswick-burglars-1896F
```

Cash, jewellery and electrical items have been stolen in the latest series of burglaries in Marshalswick this week.

_Between 9.45am and 12 noon on Tuesday October 9, jewellery was stolen from an address in Marshalswick Lane._

_A burglary occurred in Hazelmere Road between 4pm on Monday October 8 and 1.50pm on Tuesday October 9._

_Cash was stolen from an address in Oakwood Drive between 9.30am and 9.15pm on Monday October 8._

_Between 5.30pm and 9.30pm on Monday October 8, keys and jewellery were stolen from an address in Central Drive._

_A burglary occurred between Tuesday October 2 and Thursday October 4 in Chandlers Road._

_Between 9.50am and 11pm on Tuesday October 2, a Nintendo console and games were stolen from an address in the Ridgeway._

The suspects are described as white men - one of which has a heavy build - wearing gloves and baseball caps.

"Burglars have audaciously been targeting homes in Marshalswick during the day, generally smashing or forcing open rear doors," said St Albans Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick.

"We believe these burglars are opportunists. Please consider installing security equipment such as an alarm or web-based camera. Keep an eye on neighbouring homes and do not ignore unusual sounds such as smashing glass. Please call police if you suspect anyone is acting suspiciously around someone's house, or you see a vehicle that looks out of place or is parked on a neighbouring drive."

**Always call police on 999 if you suspect a burglary or theft is in progress. If reporting retrospectively, please call police on 101.**

DI Warwick said: "I'd also encourage people to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch (NHW) via the Online Watch Link (OWL) where you can receive emails about crimes, including burglaries, in your local area. NHW membership is low in Marshalswick, but this is a very useful way for people to receive relevant, local information quickly."

To join NHW, log on to owl.co.uk or speak to your local PCSO.
