```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "As the harvest season is underway, officers in East Hertfordshire sent a message to hare coursers by crushing a car as they pledge to \u201Cuse all available powers\u201D to disrupt illegal activity in the countryside."
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2019
title: Rural officers crush car used in hare coursing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rural-officers-crush-car-used-in-hare-coursing-0576
```

* ### Officers in East Herts crushed a car that was used in hare coursing as they pledge to crack down on rural crime.

 * ### Hare coursers usually commit their crimes during the harvest period which can cost farmers thousands of pounds.

 * ### Vast sums of money are wagered at the outcome of these activities.

As the harvest season is underway, officers in East Hertfordshire sent a message to hare coursers by crushing a car as they pledge to "use all available powers" to disrupt illegal activity in the countryside.

Hare Coursing is an illegal activity which often results in damage being caused as a result of offenders driving motor vehicles across cropped land whilst releasing and following their dogs.

The practice usually results in a violent and traumatic death to the hare, a species which has seen its numbers in decline in recent years.

These gatherings can often be competitive and substantial amounts of money are known to be wagered on the outcome of the activity.

With 60% of Hertfordshire's population living in rural areas, of which a large percentage reside in East Herts, many in the rural community have be effected by hare coursing; with damage costing farmers potentially thousands of pounds.

Sgt Wallace, who regularly comes across victims affected by this crime said:

"The practice of hare coursing is both illegal and unjustified in today's society.

"In addition, the perpetrators cause aesthetic and environmental damage to crops and the rural landscape.

"When challenged, many landowners and farmers cite threats and intimidation towards them and their families.

Jamie Burrows who is the County Chairman for the Hertfordshire National Farmers Union has had his family threatened by hare coursers said: "These hare coursers are usually part of organised crime and with that comes some unique security concerns.

"Working on a farm can be very isolating at times, you're often on a tractor alone or your family are at home alone.

Sgt Wallace wants to reassure the rural community that that the police will continue to be proactive, exploring all avenues available to prevent and disrupt people from Hare Coursing.

He said: "This vehicle was seized from persons acting unlawfully, and I hope sends a timely message, with this year's harvest underway and the fields beginning to clear, that police in East Hertfordshire will use all available powers afforded in law to deal robustly with all aspect of rural crime and criminality."
