```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: "Witness appeal following an aggravated burglary \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-an-aggravated-burglary-watford-0246
```

* ### Detectives are investigating an aggravated burglary in Callowland Place, Watford, on Saturday 20 June

 * ### Three men forced entry to a property before attacking the victim, aged in his 50s, with a knife

 * ### If you saw any suspicious activity in the area around the time of the burglary, please contact police quoting 41/48253/20

Detectives investigating an aggravated burglary in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at an address in Callowland Place, off Leavesden Road, at 7.45pm on Saturday 20 June.

Three men forced entry to the property and attacked the victim, a man in his 50s, with a knife while demanding money. They stole £200 in cash and fled the scene.

The victim suffered two puncture wounds to his chest and abdomen, and a laceration to his hand.

The air ambulance landed in nearby Callowland Park however as the victim's injuries were not considered life-threatening, he was taken to hospital by road. He has now been discharged and is recovering.

The suspects are described as two white men and one black man, all of whom were wearing face masks.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an understandably alarming incident for the victim and his family, who were also inside the property at the time of the burglary.

"We carried out extensive enquiries on the evening of the incident, talking to witnesses and recording statements, and we are now looking at CCTV cameras nearby.

"I would now like to appeal to anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the Leavesden Road area at the time of the burglary. Did you see any people acting in an odd manner, or any unfamiliar vehicles in the area?

"We understand that news of this crime will be unsettling for the wider community and there was a heavy police presence in the area on the night. I would like to reassure residents that we are doing all we can to identify the perpetrators."

You can email DC Vint at julie.vint@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/48253/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
