```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision on the A414 at London Colney.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal road traffic collision in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-london-colney-151
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought to a fatal road traffic collision on the A414, London Colney.

 * ### A blue Ford Fiesta was discovered in a field by the A414 on Thursday (21 May) at 9.30am.

 * ### Call 101 quoting Op Douzaine if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision on the A414 at London Colney.

Police were called at 9.30am yesterday (Thursday 21 May) after a blue Ford Fiesta was discovered on its roof in a field near the A414.

Officers attended and sadly found that the driver had already passed away at the scene, he has been named as Michael Clark, aged 46, from Smallford.

Sergeant James Thorne, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with Michael's family and friends at this difficult time.

"We are investigating the circumstances of the collision and are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed what happened, has information about it or has relevant dash cam footage.

"We are looking to establish the movements of the vehicle between Wednesday evening (May 20) and Thursday morning (May 21). If you saw it please contact us."

Sgt Thorne can be contacted directly via email at james.thorne@cambs.pnn.police.uk

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting Op Douzaine.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
