```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Police Dog Enrichment and Odour Identification Training Centre has been opened by the Hertfordshire Chief Constable and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd.
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2019
title: Special Police Dog Training Facility Opens
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-police-dog-training-facility-opens-0555
```

* ### Dog enrichment Centre is the best of its kind in the country.

 * ### New facility has been designed to help young potentials, general purpose and specialist search dogs.

 * ### It was paid for through an innovation grant provided by Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd.

A Police Dog Enrichment and Odour Identification Training Centre has been opened by the Hertfordshire Chief Constable and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd.

The bespoke training area received the support and backing of the commissioner after an application was made to a special project fund for innovation that he manages. The new facility has been designed to support the development of all the force's dogs which includes young potentials, serving general purpose and specialist search dogs.

Police Dog Instructor PC Jim Hoare, who is based with Joint Protective Services, has led on the project from research to implementation. His dedication, commitment and motivation has seen the initial plans and ideas come to fruition, regenerating a disused area within HQ grounds. Previously the area was used for firearms training but had been out of service for more than a decade.

Jim explained: "It's been my ambition to improve and modernise the training facilities for the department and allow us to enhance the service that the Dog Unit offers. While there is definitely a place for the traditional agility equipment, we need to ensure our dogs and handlers are ready to support colleagues and serve the public in a range of different operational situations.

He added: "This unique area allows training and environmental exposures to be conducted in a safe controlled manner at all times of the day and night."

Hertfordshire PCC David Lloyd said: "Our police dogs do a fantastic and invaluable job, whether it be tracking down suspects or sniffing out concealed drugs. We owe it to them and their handlers to provide the best training and exercise facilities available to enable them to carry out this work.

"The dog unit is one of the resources that is operated in partnership with neighbouring forces in Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire. This enables an efficient and effective service for the Constabulary, while allowing them to call on extra resources if required."

Chief Constable Charlie Hall added: "It's great to see this space regenerated into something that adds real value. Increasingly we are responding to different types of complex incidents that require a broad skill set. By creating such a diverse training environment we are up skilling our dogs and their handlers to respond in a variety of different scenarios."
