```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and a number of cannabis plants seized after a drugs warrant was executed in Watford.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2020
title: "Two arrested and cannabis plants seized during warrant \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-and-cannabis-plants-seized-during-warrant-watford-0114
```

* ### Two people arrested and drugs, weapons and cash seized during warrant at Watford address

 * ### Officers forced entry to the property just after 6.30am on Wednesday (14 May)

 * ### Two men, one from London and another from Hatfield, were arrested on suspicion of numerous offences

Two people were arrested and a number of cannabis plants seized after a drugs warrant was executed in Watford.

Officers from the Watford Operation Scorpion team, supported by colleagues from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, entered an address in Dodd Road just after 6.30am yesterday (Wednesday 13 May) under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984.

They conducted a search of the property and discovered 12 cannabis plants, a large amount of dried cannabis and a large amount of cash. Firearms, weapons and ammunition were also recovered, as well as suspected counterfeit currency. All the items were seized as part of the investigation.

A 33 year old man from Hendon, London, and a 26 year old man from Hatfield were both arrested on suspicion of:

 * Cultivating class B drugs (cannabis)
 * Possession with intent to supply class B drugs
 * Possession of prohibited ammunition
 * Possession of counterfeit currency

Both have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Jonathan Lister, from Watford's Operation Scorpion team, said: "Through our proactive operation we have forced entry to an address of interest and as a result, have disrupted suspected illegal activity involving drugs and weapons.

"I hope our actions serve as a warning to those who are involved in the supply of illegal drugs in Watford. Despite the coronavirus pandemic, cracking down on drug crime continues to be a priority for us and we would like to reassure the public that we will continue to act on intelligence. We will not hesitate to take robust and appropriate action where necessary.

"Drugs can often be the pre-cursor to more violent crime and the neighbours of those involved in drug crime can often suffer the effects of associated anti-social behaviour. Let us be clear: no one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour in their community. I would urge the public to keep reporting information to us because we are still here, and we are listening. Our utmost goal remains to remove criminals from your streets and to keep you safe."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
