```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CNo two days are ever the same, and that is partly why I joined. Not only to work within the community, but to be part of something different. A job that really does make me think and keep me on my toes.\u201D Lauren, a PCSO in Welwyn Garden City."
publish:
  date: 29 May 2018
title: Looking for a change of career? Join us at an event to find out more about the role of Police Community Support Officer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/looking-for-a-change-of-career-0279ALL
```

_" No two days are ever the same, and that is partly why I joined. Not only to work within the community, but to be part of something different. A job that really does make me think and keep me on my toes."_ Lauren, a PCSO in Welwyn Garden City.

As part of a new campaign to recruit Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) we're holding an information evening for anyone who might want to find out more about the role.

PCSOs are part of the Safer Neighbourhood Teams that work with the community to improve the quality of life for residents and make their area safer, by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The role of a Police Community Support Officer is paid and there are opportunities for people who wish to work part-time. The role involves evening and weekend shift work, including working up to 11pm some weekends and evenings.

**The information evening is taking place on Wednesday, June 6 th at 7pm at Police Headquarters, Stanborough Road, Welwyn Garden City, AL8 6XF. **People will be able to find out more about what the role entails and gain valuable advice about the application process. There will also be an opportunity to speak with serving PCSOs.

To book a space at the event, please email pcsorecruitment@herts.pnn.police.uk _._ Parking is available on site.

"There are a whole host of reasons why the role of a Police Community Support Officer is attractive," said Superintendent for Workforce Development, Clare Smith. "Many people have had a career elsewhere and want a role which has a direct impact on the community. You may have built up life skills and experiences which could be a great advantage to the role.

"As a PCSO you're given your own geographical area and it is your job to get to know the community; their issues, concerns and what may be affecting their quality of life, and find solutions to help.

"You'll be supporting victims of crime, instigating crime prevention initiatives, conducting patrols to prevent crime and reassure residents and generally being a port of call in your community. It's a very unique role that our PCSOs say is challenging, but incredibly rewarding."

Anyone who is interested in finding out more about the role can visit.
