```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Residents in Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth are being invited to use a new public feedback service to give their views around policing in the town and help shape the next set of local priorities."
publish:
  date: 27 Aug 2019
title: East Herts - What policing priorities matter most?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/east-herts-what-policing-priorities-matter-most-0665
```

* ### echo is a new public feedback system.

 * ### Residents are invited to give their views to help shape the next set of local policing priorities.

 * ### Feedback can be given by text or online.

Residents in Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth are being invited to use a new public feedback service to give their views around policing in the town and help shape the next set of local priorities.

Recently launched by the Constabulary, echo is a system which allows the public to have their say and express what matters most to them, via text messages or online.

Unlike the surveys of the past, with set questions or a basic scoring system, echo allows the Constabulary to gather feedback and insight in near real-time. All feedback - good or bad - is reviewed and the new technology will automatically detect keywords and ensure they're picked up by the right team.

There are two ways in which you can provide your views, opinions or feedback:

 1. By clicking here for Bishop's Stortford, or here for Sawbridgeworth
 2. Sending an SMS text with either the word 'stortford' or 'sawbo' and then your thoughts to **66099** (standard network rates apply).

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "At the end of September we will reset our policing priorities for the area and we are really interested in hearing residents' views to enable us to do this. Tell us about the community you live in, what can be done to make the area better and, importantly, what you think we should be focusing upon."

For further information please visit www.herts.police.uk/echo
