```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 59 year old man from St Ippolyts was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on March 28, following an investigation into his manipulative, controlling and violent relationship with a former employee.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: Man Sentenced following Domestic Abuse Investigation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-following-domestic-abuse-investigation-0052G
```

* ### St Ippolyts man setenced to two and a half years following abusive and violent relationship with a male colleague.

 * ### Jonathon Blaksley charged with four offences including GBH, possession of Class A drugs and possession of pepper spray.

 * ### Police praise victim for his courage and bravery

A 59 year old man from St Ippolyts was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on March 28, following an investigation into his manipulative, controlling and violent relationship with a former employee.

Jonathon Blaksley of Stevenage Road, was arrested on April 19, 2018 and charged with burglary, disclosing private sexual images, possession of a prohibited firearm, possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and attempted GBH. The offences dated back to 2017.

 * In April 2016, Blaksley disclosed a private sexual image without the consent of the person in the photo, with intent to cause the person distress.
 * On Monday October 9, 2017 Blaksley was found in possession of pepper spray.
 * On Thursday April 19, 2018 Blaksley attempted to set fire to his victim following an argument.
 * Blaksley was subsequently charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs on April 19, 2019.

Blaksley was sentenced to a total of two years and six months. He received 12 months for the GBH offence and 12 months for supplying Class A drugs to run consecutively. He was also sentenced to three months for both the pepper spray offence and for disclosing images to each run consecutively. Blaksley was also given an indefinite restraining order to protect his victim.

Investigating officer Karen Jordan from the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit said: "We are very pleased with this sentence. Judge Kay acknowledged that Blaksley had manipulated and controlled his victim during their relationship through the supply of drugs specifically Crystal Meth and GHB.

"It was clear that Blaksley had an agenda of abuse, power and control of the victim. However with the victim's bravery, courage and support, we were able to bring Blaksley to justice.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary are committed to tackling domestic abuse and have specially trained officers who assist with investigations of this nature and also provide support to victims.

"It is important to remember that domestic abuse does not just happen to women, it can happen to any man, regardless of background or sexual orientation. The abuse can be physical, verbal, emotional or financial, involving isolating you from family and friends or they may threaten you or make false allegations against you."

If you need help or advice regarding any aspect of domestic abuse please visit www.herts.police.uk or call 101. We have specially trained officers that can support you.

For advice relating to male domestic abuse you can also contact

**mankindhttps://www.mankind.org.uk/ **

**or cgl -https://www.changegrowlive.org/**
