```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Drivers and pedestrians were put in danger when a group of people riding mopeds drove recklessly after attempting to steal an expensive superbike in Borehamwood on Tuesday (April 17).
publish:
  date: 19 Apr 2018
title: Did you see dangerous moped riders in Borehamwood?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-see-dangerous-moped-riders-in-Borehamwood-0089J
```

* ### Moped riders put drivers and pedestrians in danger.

 * ### Two people were arrested.

 * ### Parents - check what your teenage children are getting up to and make sure they ride safely says Hertsmere Chief inspector.

Drivers and pedestrians were put in danger when a group of people riding mopeds drove recklessly after attempting to steal an expensive superbike in Borehamwood on Tuesday (April 17).

At around 4.40pm, the group of seven or eight people, attempted to steal a Suzuki R6 which was securely locked, in Shenley Road. Police quickly responded to the attempted theft. An object was thrown at the police car by the group and the dangerous driving was picked up by Hertsmere Borough Council's CCTV cameras, where the riders are clearly seen riding in front of cars before one of them crashes in to a van.

Two people have been arrested - a 21-year-old man from Edmonton and a 23-year-old man from Barnet. They were arrested on suspicion of attempted theft of a motorbike, having no insurance, failing to stop after a road traffic collision and dangerous driving.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe said: "These moped riders showed a complete disregard for the public's safety. Their behaviour was shocking and extremely dangerous. We would like to speak to the van driver and any witnesses or anyone who could describe the riders or who may know who they are."

He said: "The two men we arrested are from London, but I would urge parents to check what their teenage children are getting up to, make sure they ride safely and report crime and anti-social behaviour to us. We will do everything we can to track down these offenders and help keep residents in Borehamwood safe."

A new initiative was launched last month in Borehamwood to deal with serious crime committed by young people, including moped related crime. The new initiative involves enforcement, which includes high-visibility and covert police patrols, increased stop and searches and the introduction of knife arches.

If you suspect a crime is in progress dial 999, otherwise call police on 101. You can also report crime online .

Alternatively, residents can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 anonymously.
