```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 21 year old man from London has been sentenced to three years and three months in prison for drugs offences linked to County Lines, which were committed in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2018
title: Man sentenced following Tanners Wharf warrant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-following-tanners-wharf-warrant-2114A
```

* ### Man sentenced for County Lines drugs offences.

 * ### Police took action after local residents complained about drug related activity in Tanners Wharf.

 * ### Warrant executed at address in August.

A 21 year old man from London has been sentenced to three years and three months in prison for drugs offences linked to County Lines, which were committed in Bishop's Stortford.

Michael Adenuga was arrested on August 10, after officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operational Support Group executed a warrant at a flat in Tanners Wharf in Bishop's Stortford.

As officers forced the front door Adenuga was spotted escaping over the balcony at the back. He was pursued and detained by officers in a nearby car park. Following a search he was found to have a large quantity of cocaine and heroin concealed about his person.

Adenuga had been a regular visitor to the flat and local residents had complained about drug related activity in the area. He was charged with two offences of possession with intent to supply cocaine and heroin.

He was remanded into custody as he was also wanted by the UK Border Agency for immigration offences. Adenuga appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday November 13, where he pleaded guilty to both charges. As well as his sentence he was fined £170 and had to forfeit £150 cash.

Sergeant Mark Collins said: "I hope that the length of this sentence sends a clear message to those who wish to sell drugs in our community that the courts take County Lines drugs dealing seriously.

"We are doing everything we can to drive drug related crime out of the local area and the public can assist us by reporting any behaviour that seems to be suspicious, as soon as possible. Any information you provide, no matter how small, might be the missing piece of the jigsaw we need to apprehend an offender."

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.

If you are worried about county lines or need information in how to spot the signs.

_If you want to report drug related activity in your area - contact the Bishop 's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101_ or report information online.

If you wish to provide information anonymously. This can be done through the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or submit details online.

**Help and support for those with drug addiction:**

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00 or visiting.
