```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-cheshunt-2218K
```

* ### A man with a small dog demanded that a teenage girl hand over her mobile phone in an alleyway in Cheshunt.

 * ### Another man intervened and the offender dropped the phone and ran away empty handed.

 * ### Officers would like to speak to the man who helped the girl as he will have key information that could help the investigation.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Cheshunt.

At 8.15am on Friday (December 7), the victim - a 15 year old girl - was walking down an alleyway in Perrysfield Road when a man, who had a small dog with him, grabbed her bag and demanded she hand over her mobile phone.

Another man intervened and the offender dropped the phone and ran away empty handed.

The offender is described as being a white man, aged in his early 30s, over 5ft 8in tall and of muscular build. He was wearing a long black coat with a fur hood.

Detective Constable Michael Doe from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit said: "We'd like to speak to the man that kindly intervened and stopped the robbery as he will have key information that will help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Doe via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/63600/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
