```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are releasing information about the incident in order to trace a witness.
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2019
title: "Appeal for information following an assault \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-an-assault-watford-0121
```

* ### Did you witness an assault in King Georges Avenue in Watford on February 24?

 * ### A man was punched and kicked in the face, resulting in a broken jaw

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/18219/19.

Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are releasing information about the incident in order to trace a witness.

It happened in King Georges Avenue at 11pm on Sunday, February 24.

The victim, a man in his 40s, was walking on the pavement near to Astra Court when a grey vehicle pulled up beside him.

A man exited the vehicle and began physically assaulting the victim, causing him to fall to the floor. The offender has punched and kicked the victim in the face before getting back into the vehicle and driving off towards Whippendell Road.

The victim has fallen unconscious as a result of the attack. The police and ambulance service attended the scene a short time later and the victim was taken to hospital where it was found he had suffered a broken jaw.

Detective Sergeant Helen Cox, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We appreciate this happened a while ago now but we have only recently secured permission from the victim for a public witness appeal.

"We have followed a number of lines of enquiry but we would be keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the assault and who has not yet spoken to us."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Cox on _helen.cox@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/18219/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
