```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been charged and remanded in connection with a robbery in Watford town centre.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2020
title: Two charged and remanded in connection with robbery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-robbery-in-watford-0925c
```

* ## Richard Batchelor, aged 18, of Mildmay Close, Stevenage, and a 16 year old boy from Watford have both been charged in connection with the assault.

 * ## It happened in the Gade Car Park off Rosslyn Road, at 3.30pm on Monday 9 November.

 * ## Officers believe there were witnesses who have not yet spoken to police - if you can help, please get in touch quoting 41/90520/20.

Two people have been charged and remanded in connection with a robbery in Watford town centre.

Richard Batchelor, aged 18, of Mildmay Road, Stevenage, has been charged with robbery and assault. A 16-year-old boy from Watford has also been charged with robbery.

Both were remanded into custody and are next due to appear before court on Monday 21 December.

Three further people were also arrested in connection with the same incident; a 17-year-old boy from Watford, an 18 year old man from the Wembley area and an 18 year old man from Harrow. All three have been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.

The charges and arrests relate to an incident at 3.30pm on Monday 9 November, where a 16-year-old boy was robbed and assaulted by a number of people in the Gade Car Park, off Rosslyn Road.

His iPhone, ear pods, jacket and bag were taken from him.

PC Claudia McCready, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a harrowing experience for the young victim and those who witnessed it, and it will not be tolerated.

"We hope the victim and public feel reassured following the charges and arrests in relation to this case, but we are continuing to appeal to anyone who may have information about the incident to come forward. We believe there are more witnesses who have further information about this incident and I urge them to come and speak to us.

"This happened in broad daylight and in a busy area of town. Any detail, however small, could be vital to our investigation. If you can help, please don't hesitate to come forward as soon as possible."

You can email PC McCready, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/90520/20**.

Alternatively if you do not feel comfortable speaking directly with police, you can contact Crimestoppers on their website (opens in a new window) anonymously or call 0800 555 111.
