```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary and colleagues from the county\u2019s Safeguarding Children Partnership are supporting worldwide Safer Internet Day today (Tuesday 9 February)."
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2021
title: Police and partners show their support for Safer Internet Day 2021
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-and-partners-show-their-support-for-safer-internet-day-2021
```

* ### Police and partners are supporting Safer Internet Day to raise awareness of cyber bulling, inappropriate content, and online personal safety

 * ### The Constabulary's Child Online Safeguarding Team work hard to combat and investigate online offences against children

 * ### If you suspect criminal activity against children online, please act

Hertfordshire Constabulary and colleagues from the county's Safeguarding Children Partnership are supporting worldwide Safer Internet Day today (Tuesday 9 February).

This year's theme is 'together for a better internet', and the aim is to raise awareness of issues including cyber bullying, inappropriate content and online personal safety, making the internet a safer place for all - including children and young people.

Detective Inspector Gemma Badat, who leads the Constabulary's Child Online Safeguarding Team (COST), said: "As we continue to move forward through the coronavirus pandemic, the national lockdown means we are now increasingly reliant on technology for education, socialisation and leisure activities.

"Therefore it's more vital than ever that we ensure our children and teenagers are given the tools, information and support to keep themselves safe online. Many of us will be home-schooling at the moment so why not take this opportunity to discuss online safety with your children?

"You can access age-appropriate advice on the Internet Matters website to help start and guide those conversations."

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Safeguarding Command works hard to combat crimes against young children, and includes a dedicated team of specially-trained officers called the Child Online Safeguarding Team, but you can help make the internet a safer place too.

The Constabulary also helps lead the Hertfordshire Safeguarding Children Partnership (HSCP), which ensures that all agencies and organisations who have contact with children and young people work together to keep them safe.

Cllr Teresa Heritage, Deputy Leader of Hertfordshire County Council and Cabinet Member for Children, Young People and Families, said: "Protecting children and young people when they go online can be a challenge.

"Just like the real world, the virtual world can be a dangerous place. It's so important we educate our children and teenagers and ourselves about the dangers and we take time to have that talk to keep them safe."

If you suspect criminal activity against children online, please act. You can report information to the police online at herts.police.uk.report, use online webchat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

If you believe a child is in immediate danger, **always** call police on 999.

If you don't feel comfortable talking directly to police, there are a number of organisations you can contact instead:

🔺 Hertfordshire Safeguarding Children Partnership

🔺 Internet Watch Foundation

🔺 The NSPCC

🔺 Child Exploitation and Online Protection command (CEOP)

🔺 The Children's Society

🔺 Crimestoppers

If you are a child or young person and you are worried about yours or another person's online safety, you can speak to ChildLine or Fearless in confidence to get advice and support.

Visit the Herts Police website to find out more about how you and your children can stay safe online.
