```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers looking into a robbery in Cheshunt have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their investigation.
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2019
title: CCTV appeal following robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-cheshunt-0525k
```

* ### Police have released photos of a man they would like to speak to as he may have information regarding an alleged robbery.

 * ### The alleged incident, which took place in Cheshunt on the 9 July, happened in the Grundy Park car park.

 * ### Anyone who may have information are encouraged to call 101, quoting 41/62434/19.

Officers looking into a robbery in Cheshunt have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their investigation.

The incident took place between 5.50pm and 6pm on Tuesday 9 July, in the Grundy Park car park in Windmill Lane.

Three teenagers allegedly handed over their mobile phones after being threatened.

Detective Constable Richard Webster from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit, who is investigating, said: "We hope to catch up with the man shown in the photo as he may have some information that could help with our enquiries.

"Please get in touch if you recognise them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Webster via email, report information online _,_ speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/62434/19

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 19-year-old man from Edmonton has been arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery. He has since been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
