```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested in connection with an incident that happened at Tesco in Rickmansworth on Sunday, December 23.
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2019
title: Two people arrested following incident at Tesco, Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-people-arrested-following-incident-at-Tesco-Rickmansworth-2318MD
```

* ### Two people have been arrested in connection with an incident that happened at Tesco in Rickmansworth on Sunday, December 23.

 * ### A 45 year old man from Edgware has been arrested on suspicion of theft and dangerous driving.

 * ### A 32 year old woman from Borehamwood has been arrested on suspicion of GBH, theft and dangerous driving.

Two people have been arrested in connection with an incident that happened at Tesco in Rickmansworth on Sunday, December 23.

A 45 year old man from Edgware has been arrested on suspicion of theft and dangerous driving.

A 32 year old woman from Borehamwood has been arrested on suspicion of GBH, theft and dangerous driving.

They both remain in police custody at this time.

Just before 2pm on December 23, police were called to a report of a car being in collision with several people in the Tesco car park on Harefield Road.

The ambulance service also attended the incident and a woman was taken to Watford General Hospital after sustaining a serious injury. She is now out of hospital and recovering at home.

Another person, a man, sustained slight injuries and also received hospital treatment.

Enquiries are ongoing and anyone with information should get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 397 of December 23. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
