```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Ware.
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2019
title: Assault in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-ware-0987
```

* ### The incident occurred in the early hours of Sunday 3 November.

 * ### A man was assaulted by two unknown men and sustained facial injuries.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Ware.The incident occurred at around 1.20am on Sunday 3 November.

A 47-year-old man was walking through St Mary's Church yard with his wife, when they were confronted by two men who became aggressive.

A verbal altercation occurred before the victim was assaulted by the two men. He was knocked to the floor and sustained facial injuries, including fractures and cuts.

The two men fled the scene after a member of the public shouted from somewhere nearby.

The suspects are described as white men, aged in their late 20s to early 30s.

Detective Constable Nicholas Shuttlewood, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an unproved attack which has left the victim with serious facial injuries.

"I am appealing for anyone with information about what happened to please get in touch. Did you witness two men acting suspiciously in the area around the time? I am particularly keen to hear from the member of the public who shouted at the men. If this was you, please get in touch."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/99745/19.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
