```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Neighbourhood Watch (NHW) liaison officer has been appointed in Stevenage. Verity Soued is now in post and is keen to carry on expanding the scheme throughout the town.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2018
title: New Watch Liaison Officer for Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-watch-liaison-officer-for-stevenage-0616E
```

* ### Neighbourhood Watch Liaison officer aims to expand scheme in Stevenage.

 * ### More than 8,000 people currently signed up.

 * ### Linking local residents to local police and creating communities that care.

A new Neighbourhood Watch (NHW) liaison officer has been appointed in Stevenage. Verity Soued is now in post and is keen to carry on expanding the scheme throughout the town.

In her new role working with Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Policing Team, Neighbourhood Watch volunteers and the wider community, Verity is responsible for the development and growth of Neighbourhood Watch in Stevenage, which already has 8,000 residents signed up with ambitious plans to expand these numbers of the next few months.

Neighbourhood Watch is based on the simple idea that by being a good neighbour, you can help make your community more secure by looking out for your neighbours, keeping an eye on their homes while they are away and receiving and sharing crime prevention advice to help keep yourselves safe and your homes and property protected.

In Hertfordshire, the scheme is underpinned by the award-winning OWL (Online Watch Link) internet-based facility. Through OWL, Neighbourhood Watch members receive regular updates and alerts from their local policing team via email. Hertfordshire has over 140,000 OWL members, making it one of the most successful Watch areas in the country. A study by the College of Policing found that in NHW areas, crime was reduced by about 15%.

"Neighbourhood Watch is not just about reducing crime figures - it's about creating communities who care," explained Verity.

"It brings local people together and can make a real contribution to improving their lives. The activity of watch members can foster a new "Community Spirit" to tackle problems in partnership with the police, the local council and businesses too.

"We are very fortunate in Stevenage to have such a supportive community, where people genuinely care about their town and are prepared to work together to improve their environment."

"However Neighbourhood Watch not only offers us a chance to work together with our communities, informing them of the important issues in their area; but it is also a chance for you to tell us what is happening in your area."

 There are numerous schemes in Stevenage, with many members, each benefiting from cheaper home insurance, first-hand knowledge of crime in their area and a united voice with all the responsible authorities. Latest figures show that there are now nearly 8000 NHW members in Stevenage.

To register to receive local alerts, visit www.owl.co.uk.

**For information and advice about Neighbourhood Watch in Stevenage, please contactVerity Soued ** **or by calling 101. Or you can contact John Bloxham, Neighbourhood Watch District Coordinator for Stevenage, viae-mail**.
