```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating a common assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 6 Sep 2019
title: "Appeal for witnesses following incident in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-incident-in-bishops-stortford-0733a
```

* ### A woman in her 40s was approached by a man in London Road.

 * ### He grabbed her wrist and propositioned her.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone else who may have been approached to come forward.

Police investigating a common assault in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred at around 12.25am on Friday 16 August.

A woman aged in her 40s was walking along London Road, between the turnings for Crescent Road and Warwick Road, when she turned to see an unknown man close behind her.

The man followed her before grabbing her wrist and propositioning her.

The woman pulled her arm away and told the man to leave, before calling police as she walked off. The man remained near Warwick Road but had left prior to officers arriving.

The suspect is described as an Asian man, aged in his mid-30s. He was wearing a blue hoodie, black trousers and black trainers.

PC Louise Gibson, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries to trace this man are continuing and we are appealing for anyone who may be able to assist us to please come forward. To date, we have not received any similar reports but if you have been approached in similar circumstances, please report this to us."

Anyone with information is asked to email

Report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/74240/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
