```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Information from members of the public led to a quantity of drugs being seized and a man being arrested in Hertford yesterday (Tuesday, 9 July).
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2019
title: Man arrested after drugs found in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-after-drugs-found-in-hertford-0467a
```

* ### A quantity of cannabis was found.

 * ### One man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

 * ### Police are urging the public to keep reporting information.

Information from members of the public led to a quantity of drugs being seized and a man being arrested in Hertford yesterday (Tuesday, 9 July).

Officers from the local Scorpion team were conducting proactive patrols in the Hartham Common area, following complaints from concerned members of the public around suspected drug dealing.

Three men were seen acting suspiciously and tried to leave the area when officers approached. Two of the men were subsequently detained for a search.

Three bags of cannabis were seized, with a further 27 bags being located after further searches.

A 20-year-old man from Greenford was arrested on suspicion of possession of a class B drug with intent to supply. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Inspector Alex Willcox said: "We have received numerous calls from members of the public about suspected criminal activity in the Hartham Common area and I hope this reassures people that we do act on the information that is shared with us.

"Your calls really do make a difference and we would urge people to keep reporting incidents to police, so we can build up intelligence and work with our partners to take long-term action."

Anyone with information should contact the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
