```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2020
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-potters-bar-0870
```

* ### Between around 2am and 3am on Sunday (8 November), a male caused criminal damage to the front window of Algarve restaurant in Darkes Lane

 * ### He then made off towards the direction of Baker Street and Mutton Lane

 * ### Witnesses and those with information should call 101 or email PC Paul Francis at _paul.francis2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/90143/20

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Potters Bar.

Between around 2am and 3am on Sunday (8 November), a male caused criminal damage to the front window of Algarve restaurant in Darkes Lane. He then made off towards the direction of Baker Street and Mutton Lane.

The male was on an electric scooter and is believed to have been riding up and down Darkes Lane for about 20 minutes before the incident. He was wearing dark clothing, white trainers, a surgical mask and blue gloves (possibly the medical/PPE type). The male is described as being of a slim build.

PC Paul Francis, who is investigating, said: "This appears to be a senseless and unprovoked attack on a local business that is trying to do its best during a very difficult time for hospitality. The cost of repairing the damage is certainly an extra burden to them.

"I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information about this incident to get in touch. Were you in the area? Did you see what happened? If you can help, please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _paul.francis2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/90143/20.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind the public that riding an e-scooter in public when it is not part of an authorised trial is against the law and can result in penalty points, a fine and the vehicle being seized. They are only legal to ride on private land with the landowner's permission or as part of a government trial."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
