```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was stabbed in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2018
title: Did you witness a man being attacked in Letchworth?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-a-man-being-attacked-in-Letchworth-1485G
```

* ### **A man was stabbed through the window of a car.**

 * ### **The victim sustained injuries that needed stitches.**

 * ### **This is not believed to be a random incident.**

 * ### **Anyone who saw the incident is asked to contact police.**

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man was stabbed in Letchworth.

The incident happened at 6pm on Wednesday, January 17, when two men were sat in a Silver Peugeot 206 parked on Radburn Way. A man then knocked on the passenger side window. The victim opened the window and the man reached through and stabbed him to the chest twice. The man then ran off towards Swanstead and the driver of the vehicle drove to their home address after calling the ambulance.

The victim sustained two lacerations to his chest which required stiches.

Police are currently following a line of enquiry that the offender is known to the men in the car and that this is not a random attack.

**Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Hannah Treadwell said:** "This was a shocking incident, but thankfully despite being shaken up the victim was not seriously injured.

'I am appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time of the offence and witnessed it take place to please get in touch as soon as possible as you could have information which could prove to be crucial to our investigation."

Anyone who has information is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference number G2/18/146.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
