```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are now in a position to name a teenager who died following an incident in Watford on Tuesday evening (July 10).
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2018
title: Tributes paid to Risaan Udayakumar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tributes-paid-to-risaan-udayakumar-0520c
```

* ### Risaan Udayakumar died following an incident in Watford on Tuesday evening.

 * ### His family have described him as 'gentle' and 'talented'.

 * ### A 16-year-old boy has been charged with murder and remanded following a court appearance.

Police are now in a position to name a teenager who died following an incident in Watford on Tuesday evening (July 10).

Risaan Udayakumar, aged 18 and from Wembley, passed away in hospital after being fatally stabbed at an address in The Avenue.

His family have paid the following tribute to him:

"Risaan was a gentle, academically talented, former QE Barnet Grammar School student who had just finished his first year studying Civil Engineering at The University of Surrey. He wanted to help build things for this country and his dream was to build a Formula 1 track.

"As a family we would like to thank all the police and medical staff who tried to help our son, along with the member of the public who was first on the scene.

"Our family is devastated and will never be the same again. Risaan leaves a gap that cannot be filled and we do not understand why this has happened to such a bright and caring young man.

"Risaan was very family orientated and did not believe in violence and we ask other parents to teach their children the 'worth of life' so that no other family has to go through the pain that we are currently suffering."

A 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been charged with murder and appeared before Stevenage youth court yesterday (Thursday, July 12) where he was remanded pending a crown court hearing.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Our thoughts remain with the young man's family at what is understandably an extremely difficult time. They are being supported by specially trained officers and we would ask that they are given privacy to try and come to terms with what has happened.

"I understand this incident will have caused concern in the community and I would like to reassure people that we have carried out extensive enquiries into what happened and believe it to be an isolated incident."

Risaan Udayakumar's family have paid tribute to him
