```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in north Watford are appealing for help identifying three young boys after concerns were raised about children climbing on the roof of a community centre.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2021
title: "Appeal for information after children seen climbing roof of community centre \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-information-after-children-seen-climbing-roof-of-community-centre-Watford-1352
```

* ### Police appeal for information after children seen climbing roof of community centre in north Watford

 * ### CCTV footage showed the boys, aged approximately between seven and 10, climbing on the Meriden Community Centre

 * ### If you recognise the descriptions of the boys, please get in touch with police

Officers in north Watford are appealing for help identifying three young boys after concerns were raised about children climbing on the roof of a community centre.

It happened at the Meriden Community Centre off Garsmouth Way on the afternoon of Thursday 25 February.

Officers would like to identify three young boys and make contact with them and their families.

All three are described as white, and aged approximately seven to ten years old.

The first boy has short brown hair, and was wearing a black Under Armour puffer jacket with grey/black jogging bottoms and bright orange trainers.

The second boy has short blond hair, and was wearing a dark-coloured Puma hoody with black trainers.

The third boy has short brown hair, and was wearing a black puffer jacket with black trainers.

PC Aaron George, from the Watford North Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We have CCTV footage of three young boys playing on the roof of the Meriden community centre, and naturally we and the staff are very concerned for their wellbeing. If they had slipped and fallen, they could have been really seriously injured.

"We have already circulated the descriptions and images of the children internally in our organisation, to see if any colleagues recognise them from their patrols, but this has proved unsuccessful.

"We would really like to identify the boys so we can talk to them and their families about personal safety and the dangers of climbing tall buildings. If you recognise the descriptions of these children then please get in touch with us as soon as possible."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk.report, use online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.

Please don't use echo to report an ongoing crime or incident. Remember: if you believe a crime is in progress or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
