```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Welwyn Garden City are keen to send out a strong message that anti-social behaviour (ASB) will not be tolerated in the town and that those involved could face serious consequences.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2017
title: Police call for parents help to curb anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-call-for-parents-help-to-curb-anti-social-behaviour-in-welwyngardencity-1321B
```

* ### Police in Welwyn Garden City have received increased reports of ASB.

 * ### We will not tolerate this and those responsible could face serious consequences.

 * ### It is vital parents of are more aware of where their children are and what they are doing.

Police in Welwyn Garden City are keen to send out a strong message that anti-social behaviour (ASB) will not be tolerated in the town and that those involved could face serious consequences.

This warning follows increased reports of anti-social and disorderly behaviour taking place in the Town Centre, Woodhall Shops and Peartree.

**Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Sophia Adams, said:** "Although it's not just people under 18 involved, it is vital that parents of young people are more aware of where their children are and what they are doing, to ensure they are not part of a group responsible for ASB and disorder. Parental responsibility goes beyond the front door and it's important to know that anyone involved could face further police action including a criminal conviction, fines or even imprisonment.

"If a young person is convicted of disorder they could end up with a criminal record, which can have a detrimental effect on the rest of their lives - and no parent would want that for their child."

In response police officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Safer Neighbourhood Team have been stepping up high visibility patrols in affected areas. Alongside Welwyn Hatfield Council, officers have also been writing letters to parents of those involved, reminding them of their responsibly to know where their children are, what they are up to after dark and the criminal convictions they could face if the behaviour continues.

**Sophia added:** "We will not tolerate this unacceptable behaviour in Welwyn Garden City. This was proven when only last week ten individuals were sentenced in connection with disorder in the town. Each of them faced serious consequences including imprisonment, detention orders and curfews, not to mention criminal records which will now stay with them for the rest of their lives.

"We are listening to people and are keen to do what we can to put a stop to this. Through our own investigations, the co-operation of parents and information from the public, we can work together to keep Welwyn Hatfield safe. I would strongly encourage people to always report suspicious activity and ASB to police using the police non-emergency number 101 or report it online at herts.police.uk. If you witness crime or ASB in progress please dial 999."
