```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Stevenage have released images of three men they would like to identify, as they believe they may have information which could assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2019
title: CCTV appeal following distraction theft in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-distraction-theft-in-stevenage-0906
```

* ### The incident happened in the Tesco car park in The Forum, Stevenage.

 * ### Two cards were stolen from a handbag, and over £7,000 worth of payments were made.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers investigating a theft in Stevenage have released images of three men they would like to identify, as they believe they may have information which could assist with their investigation.

The incident happened in the Tesco car park in The Forum, Stevenage.

The victim returned to her vehicle after shopping, and placed her handbag in the foot well of the front passenger seat. A man approached her window with a map, and asked for directions.

It is believed that two cards were stolen from her handbag by a second man whilst she was giving the directions.

The victim rang her bank once she realised the cards were missing, and was informed that over £7,000 worth of payments had been made.

PC Michelle Lowe, from the Stevenage Local Policing Unit, said: "We're aware that the CCTV images are not great quality, but we're taking every possible measure to try to identify the offenders.

"We hope to talk to the men seen in the photos, as we believe that they were in the area at the time the incident took place, and may have information that could help us with our enquiries.

"Please get in touch if you recognise them, or if you have any information."

Anyone with any information can contact PC Lowe directly at michelle.lowe2@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/72338/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online via their untraceable online form.
