```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses after a woman was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Watford.
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: Witness appeal following incident in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-incident-in-watford-0596
```

* ### A woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Watford.

 * ### A man was found with a stab wound on Tolpits Lane on Thursday 3 September around 11.40pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/70725/20 if you can help with enquiries.

We are appealing for information and witnesses after a woman was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Watford.

Police were called at around 11.40pm on Thursday 3 September to Tolpits Lane to report the concern for welfare of a woman.

Officers attended and discovered the woman, but also a man with a stab wound to the chest.

The East of England Ambulance Service took the man to hospital with life threatening injuries. He remains in hospital in a stable condition.

Detective Constable Aaron Golley, who is investigating, said: "We understand that news of this incident may cause concern among the local community, but we are treating it as isolated situation between two parties that are known to one another.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed this incident, or may have CCTV or dashcam footage capturing anything of note.

"We are particularly interested in speaking with the driver of a white van, possibly a 2001 registered Iveco van, who could assist with our enquiries.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at aaron.golley@herts.pnn.police.uk."

*A 28 year old woman from Watford was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. She has been admitted to hospital under the Mental Health Act, where she remains.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/70725/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
