```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Farmers in East Herts are digging deep to prevent crime.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2017
title: Farmers dig out crime in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Farmers-Dig-Out-crime-in-EastHerts-1264A
```

* ### Farmers are taking further steps to protect their crops and fields.

 * ### Crime prevention initiative involves digging trenches.

Farmers in East Herts are digging deep to prevent crime.

Following discussions around crime prevention at the annual barn meet in East Herts two weeks ago, local farmers are now taking further steps to protect their crops and fields from criminal damage.

Their latest crime prevention initiative involves digging trenches at vulnerable locations on their land to prevent vehicles being able to access fields.

"This year we have seen a large increase in the number of reports of criminal damage to crops by off road vehicles driving across private land, either as a result of being involved in illegal hare coursing or just to cause a nuisance," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace.

"We have been patrolling the land as much as we can, but it is a huge and difficult area to police. By digging ditches at vulnerable entrances to fields we can hopefully prevent vehicles gaining access and seize those that get stuck.

"This is just one of many crime prevention initiatives we are trialing in the rural areas - we are also starting to issue land owners with dash cams to help capture vital evidence.

"We have a very good relationship with our local farmers and land owners and I am delighted that they are working with us and have adopted this latest preventative approach. I hope this will result in a decrease in the number of reported crimes relating to crop damage."
