```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police have issued a \xA310,000 fine to a woman from London after she organised an unlicensed music event at a property in South Mimms."
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2021
title: "\xA310,000 fine issued after party in Hertfordshire"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/10000-fine-issued-after-party-in-hertfordshire-1090
```

* ### Police have issued a £10,000 fine to a woman from London after she organised an unlicensed music event at a property in South Mimms.

 * ### Officers attended a property in Blanche Lane, South Mimms after receiving reports of an unusually large number of vehicles parked nearby.

 * ### Police entered the property and found around 150 people inside, along with music equipment such as DJ mixing decks and amplifiers.

Police have issued a £10,000 fine to a woman from London after she organised an unlicensed music event at a property in South Mimms.

Officers were called at around 8pm on Wednesday (13 January) to reports of an unusually large number of vehicles parked near a property in Blanche Lane. Officers attended and searched a van, which was found to contain a large quantity of alcohol. It was quickly established that an unlicensed music event had been organised at the property.

Officers entered the address and found around 150 people inside, along with music equipment which was seized. A Section 35 dispersal order was put in place, and most people left the location.

Following extensive enquiries, officers identified the organiser of the event to be a 22 year old woman from London. She has been issued a £10,000 fixed penalty notice for breaching coronavirus restrictions.

In addition, £200 fixed penalty notices were issued to 12 people in attendance. The investigation is still on going and it is likely that further fixed penalty notices will be issued.

One person was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a police officer after an officer was injured while dealing with the incident. They have since been released on bail. The officer was taken to hospital as a precaution, but only sustained minor injuries and is recovering well.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge, who leads the Local Policing Command, said: "This has been an incredibly fast-moving investigation, with a £10,000 fixed penalty notice now issued to the organiser plus multiple fixed penalty notices issued to attendees, with hopefully more to come. Our officers responded to the reports within minutes, and were straight on the scene. We hope the enforcement action we have taken so far shows that these coronavirus breaches will absolutely not be tolerated in Hertfordshire.

"Thanks to vigilant local residents, who reported the large number of cars parked nearby, we were able to shut down the event before it had got into full swing - there were around 150 people in attendance when we got there, but we actually believe that the organisers were expecting at least 300 people to turn up. The key to stopping these kinds of events in their tracks is early intelligence so please report via 101 if you have reason to believe one is taking place or being planned.

"Finally, I would like to directly appeal to anyone who is planning on organising or attending an event of this nature. Please know that by breaching the current restrictions, you are disregarding all the sacrifices people have made in our national fight to stop the spread of coronavirus. The majority of people are playing their part, observing the rules, and doing what is necessary to help protect the NHS and save lives. Do not be the person that is making all their hard work redundant. Please do the right thing."

Please inform police if you see any of the following:

 * Social media messages advertising a large gathering
 * People unloading sound equipment
 * Flattened or disturbed hedgerows
 * People in vehicles stopping to look into a field
 * People climbing over a fence or gate to look into a field
 * Vehicles entering fields or open spaces

You can report information online, launch an online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
