```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 27 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-in-Cheshunt
```

* Teenage boy had iPhone stolen in Dig Dag Hill Park in Cheshunt
 * It happened between 8.30pm and 9pm on Tuesday, December 19
 * Did you witness what happened? Call 101 quoting crime reference K2/17/5677

Officers investigating a robbery in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Dig Dag Hill Park between 8.30pm and 9pm on Tuesday, December 19.

The victim, a 14-year-old boy, was walking through the park with a friend, also 14, when he was approached by two teenage boys from the direction of the tennis courts.

They demanded he hand over his mobile phone, an iPhone 6, which he did as he felt threatened. The two boys have then walked off.

The offenders are described as black and aged around 16 years old. They were wearing dark clothing with either scarves or ski masks covering their faces.

The victim and his friend were unharmed during the incident.

If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation - maybe you have been offered an iPhone 6 for sale - please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/17/5677 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
