```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision on the M25 in Watford.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal following serious collision on the M25 Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-serious-collision-on-the-m25-watford-0902c
```

* ## At around 7pm on Saturday (21 November), three vehicles were involved in a serious collision close to junction 20.

 * ## A woman sustained a serious head injury and remains in hospital.

 * ## If you can help, call 101 or email russell.jones2@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting ISR 619 of 21 November.

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision on the M25 in Watford.

At around 7pm on Saturday (21 November), three vehicles were involved in a serious collision close to junction 20.

The vehicles involved were a red Fiat, a silver Toyota Corolla and a black BMW.

The driver of the Fiat, a woman, sustained a serious head injury. She remains in hospital in a serious condition.

Sergeant Russ Jones, from the Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the injured lady and we very much hope that she recovers well. I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to get in touch.

"Were you driving in the area? Did you see the collision? Or did you see the events leading up to it? Anything you can tell us could be really important for the investigation.

"Similarly, if you were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle please do check it and let us know if you spot anything that could be significant.

"If you saw what happened, have useful dash cam footage, or simply have information about the incident, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email Sergeant Russ Jones quoting ISR 619 of 21 November."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.
