```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested following a serious assault in Watton-at-Stone where a man was reportedly stabbed.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2020
title: Appeal following an assault in Watton-at-Stone
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-assault-in-watton-at-stone-0957
```

* ### Man seriously injured following an assault

 * ### Two people arrested

 * ### Call 101 if you have any information

Two people have been arrested following a serious assault in Watton-at-Stone where a man was reportedly stabbed.

Officers were called at 11.16pm yesterday (Saturday 5 December) to reports of an altercation involving a number of people on Station Road, near to Moorymead Close.

A 21 year old man has sustained a stab wound to the chest and is currently in hospital. His next of kin have been made aware and are being supported by officers.

A 19 year old man and a 17 year old boy, both from Watton-at-Stone, have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. They are both currently in police custody.

At this stage officers believe all those involved are known to one another. Police remain in the village as they conduct their initial enquiries into the incident, and a scene guard has been erected at the location.

If you have any information about this incident that you believe could be useful to the investigation, please get in touch as soon as possible quoting ISR 835 of 5 December.

You can report online at herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or use their online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

**

**
