```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City have released images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2019
title: Have you seen jewellery stolen from Welwyn Garden City?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-jewellery-stolen-from-welwyn-garden-city-2563b
```

* ### A property was broken into on January 7.

 * ### Several items of jewellery were taken.

 * ### The items are available to view on the Herts Police Facebook page.

Police investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City have released images of some of the items stolen in a bid to trace them.

Between 9.45am and 10pm on January 7, offenders smashed the window of a property in Elm Gardens before unlocking it from the inside.

They entered the address and made an untidy search before taking several items - including watches, jewellery, cufflinks, a safe and a BTWIN bicycle.

The items are available to view on our Facebook page

PC Jonathan Channell, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "Some of the items taken are quite distinctive and I am appealing for anyone who may have come across them to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have information which could assist our ongoing investigation."

Anyone with information should contact PC Channell via email to jonathan.channell@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/2925/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
