```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man from London was sentenced for two and a half years in prison at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (June 4) for drugs offences committed in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2018
title: Man is sentenced for Hatfield drugs offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-is-sentenced-for-hatfield-drugs-offences-0325B
```

* ### 21 Danilson Santana was sentenced for drugs offences.

 * ### He committed the offences in Hatfield.

 * ### Santana was sentenced to two and a half years.

A 21-year-old man from London was sentenced for two and a half years in prison at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (June 4) for drugs offences committed in Hatfield.

 Danilson Santana, from Bradwell Avenue, Dagenham, was arrested by officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Operation Scorpion Team on March 27 while they were out on routine patrol in The Common, Hatfield.

After searching him officers found he had more than £1000 in cash, 41 wraps of crack cocaine and nine wraps of heroin, thought to be worth approximately £500, in his possession. He was detained in custody the same day and was charged with four counts of possession of Class A drug with intent to supply, possession of a Class B drug and possession of criminal property.

Three of the crimes he was charged with relate to possession of Class A and B drugs offences which happened in November 2017. Santana was arrested in Hatfield in connection with these offences by police officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Safer Neighbourhood Team on November 10. On that day, he was found to have approximately 125 wraps of crack cocaine, 29 wraps of heroin and a small amount of cannabis in his possession - in total worth around £1,350. He was released under investigation in connection with these offences, pending further police enquiries.

After his arrest and charge, Santana then pleaded guilty to six drugs offences at St Albans Crown Court on March 28.

**Detective Inspector Rob Burns, who leads Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit, said:** "Drugs can have a devastating impact on users and their families and we are committed to keeping our communities safe from drug dealing and associated criminality.

"I am delighted that through proactive work by our Operation Scorpion Team a prolific drug offender is behind bars and a large amount of Class A drugs has been prevented from reaching the streets of Hatfield.

"I hope that this sentencing sends a strong message to anyone choosing to deal drugs in Welwyn Hatfield, that you should be looking over your shoulder as we are determined to bring your criminality to an end.

"I would encourage anyone who suspects drug related activity happening in their local area to report it to us immediately. Reports from members of the public make a real difference in the fight against drugs. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 in an emergency. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form.

Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

** **

Sentenced Danilson Santana
