```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary officers in Broxbourne will have access to a new base in Hoddesdon from May.
publish:
  date: 25 May 2018
title: Emergency services share Hoddesdon base
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Emergency-services-share-Hoddesdon-base-140
```

Hoddesdon Fire Station

Hertfordshire Constabulary officers in Broxbourne will have access to a new base in Hoddesdon from May.

Herts Fire and Rescue Service have made space for the local policing team at Hoddesdon Fire Station and new offices have been created within the station. The new base will assist local officers to maintain their regular presence in the northern part of the borough, helping them with patrolling the Hoddesdon, Broxbourne and Rye Park areas.

The fire station is already used by ambulance staff and the addition of the new police office will enable personnel from the three emergency services to work even more closely together.

The new base will not have a public counter service however, it will give the police an opportunity to carry out desk based enquiries whilst remaining local to respond to calls for service.

Chief Inspector Ian Butler

David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire said: "I really welcome this great example of police and fire services working closely together for the benefit of all the public.

"Co-locating our emergency services where operationally beneficial makes perfect sense and I hope this is something we will see more of in the future."

Chief Inspector for Broxbourne, Ian Butler said: "Since the closure of the police station in Hoddesdon, I was keen to maintain a permanent base in the Hoddesdon area. I approached the local Fire Service Commander and they kindly gave permission for us to make use of space in Hoddesdon Fire Station. This base will be invaluable, allowing my officers to be constantly present within the northern part of the borough, making response times to incidents quicker, but also providing extra space for investigation and enquiries.

"I'd like to thank Herts Fire & Rescue Service and Herts County Council for helping us to find and create a new base, this is a great example of partnership working and will be a great benefit to the local community."

SPC Denny Brandon and PC Clare Halfpenny

Cabinet Member for Community Safety at Hertfordshire County Council, Terry Hone, said: "Our firefighters have been sharing this site, Hoddesdon Fire Station, with staff from the East of England Ambulance Service for a number of years, and now we're delighted to be welcoming local police as they join us at their new base. It's great to see that we're continuing to collaborate in new ways with our blue light partners."

Duty Locality Manager for the East of England Ambulance Service, Karen Darling said: "The three emergency services have always had a good working relationship and this location provides a continued positive build up on the close working relationship by establishing all three services in one place."
