```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Harpenden are releasing images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them and those responsible for the crime.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2018
title: Do you recognise items stolen during burglary in Harpenden?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-items-stolen-during-burglary-in-harpenden-0039
```

* ### A property in Alzey Gardens was broken into.

 * ### A number of decorative Turkish coins were stolen.

 * ### Police are asking anyone who may have seen the coins to get in touch.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Harpenden are releasing images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them and those responsible for the crime.

Between 1pm and 9.30pm on Monday, April 2, a property in Alzey Gardens, was broken into.

A search was carried out a number of decorative, gold Turkish coins were stolen.

Detective Constable Colin Workman, from St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "These coins are quite distinctive so would be easily recognisable to anyone who may have come across them. About 30 to 35 in total, of differing sizes, were stolen. I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may know of the coins' whereabouts to please get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have information about the burglary. Did you witnesses any suspicious activity in the area around the times stated? Any information could assist our enquiries."

The burglary is being linked to several others which occurred in Harpenden and Wheathampstead over the Easter Bank Holiday. Patrols have been increased and residents are urged to take some simple steps to help keep their homes more secure - www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Crime-prevention/Protect-your-home/

Anyone with information about the burglaries is asked to contact St Albans Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F2/18/692. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Up to 35 coins were stolen during the burglary Anyone who thinks they may have seen the coins is asked to contact police
