```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two police dog puppies paid a very special visit to a primary school in Harpenden much to the delight of the pupils.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2018
title: Police puppies pay special visit to school -Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-puppies-pay-special-visit-to-school-Harpenden
```

Two police dog puppies paid a very special visit to a primary school in Harpenden much to the delight of the pupils.

Trainee police dogs - German Shepherd Obi and Cocker Spaniel Nala - visited Manland Primary School last Thursday afternoon (November 8).

The rare school visit was arranged after eight year old Archie Miller wrote to Hertfordshire Constabulary's Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd to give some helpful tips on ways to catch burglars.

Obi, who is named after the Star Wars character Obi-Wan and Nala, who takes her name from the Lion King, were taken to the school by dog handler PC Andy Brigland, Sergeant Mike Wood and Peter Madden, who are all based within the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit.

They spoke to the whole school about the work of the police, the dog unit and staying safe around dogs. Some of the children were then able to get up close to 17 week old Obi and Nala, who is 15 months old.

Sgt Wood said: "It is very rare that we pay visits to schools with our trainee puppies however, Archie's letter really impressed PCC David Lloyd so we decided to arrange a special visit.

"This was a great opportunity to speak to the children about the work of Hertfordshire Constabulary and to also give them some general safety advice about how to behave around dogs.

"Obi and Nala also enjoyed the visit and it was a great socialisation experience for them."

Both of Obi's parents are police dogs and he is currently training to become a general purpose dog, which means he will help in the search for missing people, suspects and evidential items that may have been discarded by criminals.

Nala is training to be a drugs, cash and weapons dog.

Headteacher Mrs Wicks said: "The children absolutely loved the assembly and were so excited to have the puppies in school. The special visit taught the children how valuable dogs are to the police force. Thank you very much for coming to spend time with us."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Archie's letter giving us some top tips on how to catch burglars really impressed me so I thought it would be great for some of our police officers and trainee police puppies to meet Archie and his fellow pupils to say thank you.

"This was an ideal opportunity for officers to build up a rapport with the children while also telling them more about the work of Hertfordshire Constabulary and our police dogs."
