```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Mick Flavin, Review Team Manager with the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, has been has been appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the Queen\u2019s Birthday Honours list for his services to policing, it has been announced today (8th June)."
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2019
title: Major Crime Unit Manager awarded with an MBE
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/major-crime-unit-manager-awarded-with-an-mbe-0336
```

* ### Mick Flavin, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit (MCU), has been has been appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire

 * ### Mick began his policing career with Hertfordshire Constabulary as a cadet in 1973 before becoming a regular in 1976.

 * ### He retired in 2006 but returned as a member of police staff with the MCU where he still works today.

Mick Flavin, Review Team Manager with the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, has been has been appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for his services to policing, it has been announced today (8th June).

Mick began his policing career with Hertfordshire Constabulary as a cadet in 1973 before becoming a regular in 1976. During his career as an officer he worked in many different uniform and detective roles and joined the Major Crime Unit (MCU) in 2000. Mick retired in 2006 but returned as a member of police staff with the MCU where he still works today.

Mick said: "I am extremely honoured to have been appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire. It came as a surprise to receive the letter but I am truly grateful for this recognition.

"I feel privileged to have been able to serve for the public over the last four decades and despite the challenges we face in policing I enjoy my job as much now as I did when I began.

"I must thank my colleagues as any result is a team effort. I must also pay tribute to my family for their unwavering support, I wouldn't have my career without them."

Joint Protective Services ACC for Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire, Paul Fullwood said: "Mick is a genuine, hardworking, dedicated professional who truly deserves this honour.

"Despite retiring over 10 years ago, Mick continues to serve the public of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire with a true passion for securing justice. Congratulations Mick."

Hertfordshire Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "We are truly proud that Mick's dedication, professionalism and public service has been officially recognised in this very special way. He is a shining example of the hard work and commitment that is displayed by so many officers and staff working in the police family. I am sure everyone joins with me to congratulate Mick for this remarkable achievement."
