```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are reminding people living in the EN10 Broxbourne postcode area that coronavirus testing kits are free.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: 'Remember: coronavirus tests and vaccinations are free'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/remember-coronavirus-tests-and-vaccinations-are-free-1150
```

* ## Remember: Coronavirus tests and COVID-19 vaccinations are free

 * ## Police warn Broxbourne residents to prevent scams

 * ## Plea to locals to remind older friends and family not to pay for tests or vaccines

Police are reminding people living in the EN10 Broxbourne postcode area that coronavirus testing kits are free.

You do NOT have to pay for a test, you do not need to sign anything to receive a test and no one needs to come into your home to organise the test.

The reminder comes after the Government announced on Monday 1 February that all adult residents in the EN10 area of Broxbourne are being encouraged to get a COVID-19 test over the next two weeks, whether they have symptoms or not. This follows confirmation that there is an isolated number of cases of the South African variant in the local area.

"We want to stop fraudsters and scammers from taking advantage of the situation in Broxbourne," explained Inspector Gerry Harrison, from Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team.

"I'd ask local people to be alert and remind older relatives and friends that the COVID-19 testing kits and coronavirus vaccinations are free. You do not have to pay to be tested or vaccinated and no one will ask for your bank details in connection with coronavirus testing or vaccination."

From Tuesday 2 February, residents who are over 18 years old and live in the 'EN10' postcode will be provided with a leaflet through their letterboxes to explain how they can get tested, in the following ways:

 * extra mobile testing capacity has been set up at the Broxbourne Lido site and Paradise Wildlife Park (in EN10, Broxbourne) and,
 * home testing kits will be available to pick up from Wormley Community Centre and Hoddesdon Library.

You should also expect to receive a door to door visit by from a public health or licensed officer on or shortly after Thursday 4 February. To protect from the risk of scams, officers will have a high visibility uniform with a very visible logo and visible identification. **No one will ask you for any payment of any kind or any bank details**. If in any doubt, please ask them for identification.

Visit Hertfordshire County Council's website for details of EN10 testing.

Insp Harrison added: "We all make mistakes and these days the scams can be incredibly convincing. If you think you, or someone you know, has been a victim of online fraud let your bank know what's happened immediately. Also, report the offence to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via their website www.actionfraud.police.uk."
