```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 37-year-old man from Harpenden has been jailed for more than two years after being found guilty of domestic abuse offences.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2019
title: Harpenden man jailed for domestic abuse offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/harpenden-man-jailed-for-domestic-abuse-offences-2479F
```

* ### Harpenden man Christopher Storton, 37, jailed for domestic abuse and other offences.

 * ### He assaulted his partner and made threats to kill her while holding a razorblade.

 * ### The violence against her only stopped when police attended incident.

A 37-year-old man from Harpenden has been jailed for more than two years after being found guilty of domestic abuse offences.

Christopher Storton, of Grove Avenue, assaulted his partner by throwing her to the floor, head-butting her and grabbing her by the hair. He made threats to kill her while holding a syringe and then a razorblade.

The violence against her only stopped when police officers arrived at his address during the incident in June last year. But Storton continued to make threats against his partner and self-harmed in the presence of officers. At times he lunged at officers with the razorblade.

He was detained and taken to hospital for treatment of his self-inflicted injuries. He was later taken into custody only after assessments conducted by mental health professionals which deemed him fit to be questioned.

The matter was then investigated by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU). The incident has been recorded by officers using their body-worn video cameras, which formed part of the evidence against him.

Storton was later found guilty of making threats to kill and assault by beating against his partner, as well as affray and possession of an offensive weapon (the razorblade). He was also found guilty of assault on a police officer and a further affray in connection with a separate incident in Nottinghamshire.

He was jailed for 26 months at a sentencing hearing at St Albans Crown Court on January 21st.

PC James Prior, from the DAISU, said: "Storton showed no regard for the safety of his partner, police officers or even himself during this incident. He threatened to kill his partner and to break the jaws of police officers. It was lucky that no one was more seriously hurt.

"Domestic abuse is taken very seriously by Hertfordshire Constabulary and every report is investigated thoroughly. The safety of victims and their families is our primary concern."

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website. In an emergency situation, always call 999.

Christopher Storton
