```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who repeatedly raped two young girls has been given an extended prison sentence of 29 years.
publish:
  date: 3 Jul 2018
title: Man given extended jail sentence for rape of two schoolgirls
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-given-extended-jail-sentence-for-rape-of-two-schoolgirls
```

* ### Paedophile Nicholas Day has been given an extended prison sentence of 29 years.

 * ### The 32 year old from Letchworth repeatedly raped two young girls.

 * ### Judge Barbara Mensah said he still posed a significant threat of committing further serious offences.

A man who repeatedly raped two young girls has been given an extended prison sentence of 29 years.

Nicholas Day, aged 32 and of Wilbury Hills Road in Letchworth, groomed one girl making her believe they were in a genuine romantic relationship.

The offences involving the schoolgirl were carried out between 2009 and 2011 after they met on My Space when the victim was just 11 years old. Day claimed he was 17 but he was in fact 22.

He would pick the girl up from school and take her to car parks to carry out his abuse. It only ended when the victim was 14 and decided to stop contact with Day.

Between 2016 and 2018 Day carried out further sex offences on a seven year old girl, who later disclosed the crime to a family member.

Day's offences came to light when the first victim, now aged in her 20s, contacted police in 2016.

On Friday (June 29), Day appeared at Luton Crown Court for sentencing after being found guilty of eight offences of rape of a child aged under 13, two further charges of rape, attempted rape, three offences of assault of a child by penetration and meeting a child following sexual grooming.

Judge Barbara Mensah said Day posed a significant threat of committing further serious offences and passed an extended sentence of 29 years.

He was jailed for 23 years and must serve two thirds of sentence behind bars before being considered for release by the parole board. He will also be subject to a six year extended licence period upon release.

Detective Inspector Lynda Coates from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Joint Child Protection Investigation Team said: "The lengthy sentence given to Day reflects the seriousness of his crimes and the fact that he remains a danger to society. The Judge described him as devious and planning in the way he carried out his crimes.

"The victims in this case have been incredibly brave to speak out and I hope that knowing Day is now behind bars will give them some comfort and strength as they continue with their lives.

"I'd like to also taken this opportunity to commend the work of the Constabulary's officers who have supported the victims and their families and have worked hard to ensure that Day was brought to justice."

**Those who have been a victim of sexual abuse or sexual violence and do not wish to speak to police directly can contact the independent Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email** **Herts.SARC@nhs.net** **or visit** **www.hertssarc.org** **.**
