```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The lucky young winners of this year\u2019s Hertfordshire Constabulary Halloween and Bonfire Night competition have been presented with their prizes and certificates."
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2017
title: Halloween competition winners claim their prizes
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Halloween-competition-winners-claim-their-prizes-1273
```

* ### Winners of this year's Halloween and Bonfire Night competition presented with their prizes and certificates.

 * ### The winners included five-year-old George Swain and Jayden Pawsey, aged seven.

 * ### Prizes included entry to Play 360, Paradise Wildlife Park and Warner Bros.

The lucky young winners of this year's Hertfordshire Constabulary Halloween and Bonfire Night competition have been presented with their prizes and certificates.

The competition was open to children from the ages of five through to 16. There were two categories - children aged five to eight could win four tickets to Play 360 and Paradise Wildlife Park in Broxbourne and children aged nine to 16 had the opportunity to win four tickets to the Warner Bros. Studio Tour - The Making of Harry Potter in London.

In order to be in with a chance of winning the competition, youngsters were asked to read through some safety and crime prevention advice on the Constabulary's Halloween and Bonfire Night web pages, and then to answer a series of multiple choice questions. The lucky winners were then chosen at random from the list of entrants.

The five to eight category winners were five-year-old George Swain from Welwyn Garden City, who claimed the family ticket to Play 360, and Jayden Pawsey, aged seven, from Hertford, who won the Paradise Wildlife Park tickets.

They were presented with their tickets, certificates and some goodie bags at the Constabulary's Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City by Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson.

All prizes were kindly donated to Hertfordshire Constabulary by Play 360, Paradise Wildlife Park and Warner Bros.

Halloween competition winners
