```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: If you live in the Grange Ward in Letchworth, then your local officer would like to hear from you.
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2020
title: Residents of the Grange Ward asked for their views
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/residents-of-the-grange-ward-asked-for-their-views-0434g
```

* ## Residents in the Grange Ward in Letchworth asked for their thoughts on local policing.

 * ## PSCO Pam Ward running a special echo survey to identify any issues in the area.

 * ## Anonymous community voice platform being used while traditional face to face events are temporarily postponed.

If you live in the Grange Ward in Letchworth, then your local officer would like to hear from you.

Covering Stoneley, Kimberley, Burley, Ordelmere and Caslon Way, local PCSO Pam Hope is using the community voice platform, called echo, to enable local residents to tell her how living in the Grange Ward can be made safer.

"Although I am are still providing a visible presence in my area, it is harder to meet people in person at the moment, while face to face events such as street meets and neighbourhood surgeries are postponed," said PCSO Hope.

So, using echo, I am asking my local residents to answer just one question and to provide their feedback, anonymously. Used in this way echo enables you to stay in touch with me, raise any issues and provide any ideas that could help.

"echo is an excellent platform for people to easily share their opinions and feedback about policing in their local area. It allows them to have their say and express what matters most to them via a very simple webpage, and they can do this anytime they want and in their own words. It is completely anonymous, and there's no need to register or submit any personal information.

"I will be reading all of your feedback, making sure that it will be used to shape neighbourhood policing plans, identify emerging issues and set local policing priorities."

To submit your views, simply visit and answer the question - How can your local police make living on the Grange safer?

For further information about Echo, please visit.

If you wish to speak to PCSO Pam Hope in person please call 101.

Please don't use echo to report a crime. To do that, contact the Force Communications Room via online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately.
