```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 22 Aug 2018
title: Have you seen jewellery stolen during burglary in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-jewellery-stolen-during-burglary-in-hemelhempstead-1688d
```

* ### The items were stolen from a property in Bulbourne Close on August 19.

 * ### Some of the items have messages engraved on them.

 * ### Police are asking anyone who may have come across them to get in touch.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.

Between 11.10am and 9.45pm on Sunday, August 19 entry was forced to an address in Bulbourne Close via a rear door.

A number of items were then stolen from the property, including:

 * An antique, gold, ladies necklace with a heart shaped locket, engraved with the message 'Happy Birthday Joanna 2.3.90'
 * An antique, gold, ladies bracelet which had numerous charms attached to it; including a small dog, an old £1 note in a box, an opening church, an anchor, a ship's wheel and an Eiffel Tower.
 * A men's silver Armani wrist watch, with the message 'To Adrian Love Joanna 11/10/03' engraved on the back of the case.
 * A Welsh gold sapphire and diamond bracelet.
 * Cash in sterling and Euros.

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, from the Hemel Local Crime Unit, said: "The stolen jewellery is of great sentimental value to the victims who are understandably upset by what has happened.

"The items are very distinctive and I would ask anyone who thinks they may have come across them to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Spiers via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/29114/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
