```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hertfordshire Police officer has been dismissed from the force following a Special Case Hearing chaired by Chief Constable Charlie Hall on Monday (September 21).
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2020
title: Herts Police Officer dismissed following special hearing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/herts-police-officer-dismissed-following-special-hearing-220920
```

A Hertfordshire Police officer has been dismissed from the force following a Special Case Hearing chaired by Chief Constable Charlie Hall on Monday (September 21).

Nick Musto is serving a 15-month prison sentence after pleading guilty to misconduct in public office and was dismissed in his absence following a Special Case hearing. The charges relates to an inappropriate relationship the officer had with a vulnerable victim of crime he came in contact with via his operational police work. The matter was investigated by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) following a voluntary referral from Hertfordshire Constabulary in October 2018.

During the investigation it emerged that PC Musto, who has 25 years' service with the force, had lied about the nature of his relationship with the victim when concerns were previously investigated in 2013.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "This former officer abused his position and entered into a controlling relationship with a vulnerable crime victim, betraying the values of this force and potentially damaging public confidence. His behaviour has been totally unacceptable, committing a criminal offence when the public should have expected him to be upholding the law.

"As a force, we expect the highest standards of conduct and will always take action when those standards are not met. I hope the victim in this case can now have some closure and feel reassured that justice has been done."
