```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested and charged in connection with vehicle interference in Croxley Green.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2019
title: "Man charged with vehicle interference \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-vehicle-interference-three-rivers-2435
```

* ### Jason Dowsett, aged 50, of no fixed address, was charged with vehicle interference in Croxley Green

 * ### Officers attended the scene after a member of the public reported a man acting suspiciously in Kenilworth Drive

 * ### Dowsett was arrested, charged and bailed to appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court next month

A man has been arrested and charged in connection with vehicle interference in Croxley Green.

Jason Dowsett, aged 50, of no fixed address, was arrested in Baldwins Lane in the early hours of today (Friday, January 25).

Officers attended the scene after a member of the public called police to report that a man was alleged to be acting suspiciously and trying car door handles in nearby Kenilworth Drive.

Dowsett was detained and searched before being arrested on suspicion of interfering with a motor vehicle.

He was taken into custody and charged before being released on bail. He is next due to appear at St Alban's Magistrates' Court on February 26.

Chief Inspector for Three Rivers Nick Lillitou said: "Thanks to a member of the public who reported this suspicious activity, officers were able to go directly to the scene and make an arrest in connection with this incident.

"This demonstrates just how important it is for residents to report suspicious activity to us. As much as we would like to, we cannot patrol every street at once. You are our eyes and ears. We will listen and we will take action.

"I would like to use this as an opportunity to remind motorists to secure their vehicles when leaving them unattended, as well as not to leave valuable items on show or even in glove boxes or boots. Don't make it easy for opportunist thieves."

You can access further advice on keeping your vehicle secure online here:

https://www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Crime-prevention/Protect-your-property/Vehicle-security
