```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: From today (Monday 9 September) Hertfordshire Constabulary will be asking members of the public who call the force for feedback.
publish:
  date: 9 Sep 2019
title: Callers to Hertfordshire Constabulary to be asked for their feedback
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/callers-to-hertfordshire-constabulary-to-be-asked-for-their-feedback-706
```

From today (Monday 9 September) Hertfordshire Constabulary will be asking members of the public who call the force for feedback.

Utilising a new service called 'echo', which is already in use across the county by local neighbourhood policing teams and at various public engagement events, callers to the force communications room will be sent a text message inviting them to provide feedback on the service of the police call handler.

Providing feedback is completely optional, but is very simple to do.

Callers will be asked whether their needs were met during the call to the force communications room. The feedback will be used to obtain insight into the force's service delivery, identify trends and inform the development of the Constabulary's call handling service.

echo is already proving to be a popular way for the public to easily share their thoughts, opinions and feedback on what matters most to them about policing in the county.

echo allows the public to have their say via text messages or online and they can do this anytime they want and - importantly - in their own words.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "I want us to ensure we're meeting the expectations of the public and I want us to make sure that their concerns are our concerns.

"echo will help us to make informed decisions, aid the setting of our priorities and provide evidence for our problem solving approach to policing this county.

"Whilst I am confident echo will show even more of the positive work that officers and staff are undertaking around the county, it will also capture areas where we could improve and these will prove equally useful."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) David Lloyd provided funding for echo.

Mr Lloyd said: "My Police and Crime Plan - Everybody's Business - places a focus on involving our communities in the delivery of policing and echo represents a significant and important change in the way we plan to continue to achieve this.

"By ensuring the public can easily and quickly provide their feedback, which will naturally influence the Constabulary's priority setting, we are encouraging greater participation and engagement.

"Additionally, I see echo as playing a pivotal role in holding the services the Constabulary provides to account.

"From an interaction on the street to the after-care a victim receives following a crime, I hope the public will see echo as an empowering tool that rightly places them at the centre of everything we do."

You can provide your feedback on what matters most to you about policing in Hertfordshire, even if you haven't called the force communications room, by texting the word 'echo', followed by your thoughts to 66099* or by visiting www.herts.police.uk/echo.

echo should not be used to report crimes or incident - instead please visit www.herts.police.uk/contact

*standard network rates apply. For further information please visit www.herts.police.uk/echo
