```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead which has sadly proved fatal are re-appealing for witnesses or for anyone who may have captured footage of the incident to come forward.
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2019
title: Did you witness collision in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-collision-in-Hemel-Hempstead-0468
```

* ### Officers are re-appealing for witnesses to a Hemel road collision

 * ### The pedestrian involved, a woman in her 80s, has sadly died

 * ### Witnesses are asked to call 101 and quote ISR 369 of 28 June

Police investigating a road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead which has sadly proved fatal are re-appealing for witnesses or for anyone who may have captured footage of the incident to come forward.

The incident occurred in Leighton Buzzard Road shortly before 1.15pm on Friday 28 June and involved a pedestrian and a single-decker coach, travelling at low speed.

The pedestrian, a woman aged in her 80s, suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital. She sadly died on Tuesday, 9 July.

PC Carl Callan, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the family of the lady who has sadly died at this difficult time.

"While we have already spoken to a number of people as part of our enquiries into the incident we would ask for further witnesses to come forward. We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage of what happened."

Anyone with information should contact investigating officer PC Callan via email to _carl.callan@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Newlands - ISR 369 of 28 June. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _ _or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
