```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have today (Sunday 9 February) been arrested in connection with a stabbing in Watford.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2020
title: Two arrested in connection with stabbing in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-arrested-in-connection-with-stabbing-in-watford-1390
```

* ### Two arrested in connection with Watford stabbing which resulted in a 19 year old man suffering a chest wound

 * ### A 20 year old man and an 18 year old man are currently in police custody

 * ### The incident happened in Watford High Street at 4.45pm on Friday 7 February - did you see anything?

Two men have today (Sunday 9 February) been arrested in connection with a stabbing in Watford.

A 20 year old man from Tottenham and an 18 year old man from Bushey have both been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm (GBH) and affray respectively. They are currently in police custody.

This is the latest investigative development into an incident which happened on Watford High Street, near to Costa, at around 4.45pm on Friday (7 February).

Several men were reportedly involved in an altercation before the victim, a 19-year-old man from Bushey, suffered a stab wound to the chest. He was taken to hospital for treatment before being discharged yesterday evening (Saturday 8 February).

Detective Sergeant Darren Machin, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are glad to report that the victim is recovering well, and that two arrests have been made today as part of the investigation.

"We are continuing to carry out extensive enquiries into the circumstances of the assault and we are confident that all parties involved are known to one another.

"It is understandable that news of this incident will be unsettling for residents of and visitors to Watford, but I want to reassure them that this was not a random attack, and we are doing all we can to bring the offender(s) to justice.

"We are continuing to appeal for witnesses to the incident, which happened on a busy street at a time when there would have been a lot of other people around.

"If you have any information about what happened but have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference 41/11692/20."

You can email Detective Sergeant Machin at darren.machin@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
