```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: Witness appeal following aggravated burglary in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-potters-bar-293
```

* ### An aggravated burglary took place on Southgate Road, Potters Bar.

 * ### The incident happened on Saturday 27 June around 10pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/50326/20 if you have information which could help the investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an aggravated burglary in Potters Bar.

The incident took place on Saturday (27 June) at around 9:50pm at a residential property on Southgate Road.

Offenders gained entry by forcing a rear garden gate and using an unknown implement, forced the lower UPVC panel of the back door.

They were disturbed by the occupants and left the address empty handed.

Detective Constable Yaser Khan, who is investigating, said: "Did you see anything suspicious on Southgate Road at around 10pm on Saturday night? Do you have CCTV in the area which may have captured something unusual?

"If so I'd like to hear from you. I can be contacted directly via email at yaser.khan@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/50326/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
