```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five people have been arrested in connection with violent disorder following a party in Stevenage at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 8 Aug 2018
title: Five Arrested for Violent Behaviour in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Five-Arrested-for-Violent-Behaviour-in-Stevenage-1613
```

* ### Swift arrests made after violence at party

 * ### Three of the five men arrested are treated for injuries

 * ### Stevenage Chief Inspector warns of the dangers associated with carrying knives

Five people have been arrested in connection with violent disorder following a party in Stevenage at the weekend.

Police were called in the early hours of Sunday morning (August 4), following reports that people had been injured outside an address in Mildmay Road.

Three men were taken to hospital for treatment for stab wounds. All were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and have since been released on police bail. They are an 18 year old from Stevenage and two 22 year olds from North London.

A further two men from Stevenage, aged 17 and 23, were arrested this morning (Wednesday, August 8) at addresses in the Bedwell area of the town. Both were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and are currently in police custody.

Chief Inspector for Stevenage Alicia Shaw said: "Violent crime will not be tolerated in Stevenage and numerous different police teams have been working together to quickly secure arrests in relation to this incident.

"Our enquiries are still ongoing and my officers are out and about talking to local residents. As part of our response to this incident we used our powers under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 to introduce two separate Section 60 Orders. These were in place from 11pm on August 5 to 2pm the following day and then from 7pm on August 6 to 7pm the following day. The orders covered the Oval area of Stevenage, including the Almond pub house, Mildmay Road and surrounding streets and gave us additional powers to stop and search members of the public if we had reason to believe they were carrying a knife.

"If you have any information which could help this investigation please contact us as soon as possible on 101 or online at www.herts.police.uk/report . If you would rather remain anonymous you can do this by contacting Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

"Unfortunately we have seen an increase in the number of people carrying knives countrywide and I want to make people aware of the consequences of such action. It is illegal and actually makes you more likely to be injured, become involved in a violent incident or be arrested, even if you believe you are acting in self-defence. If you are caught carrying a knife you could face up to four years in prison.

"I would urge anyone who has a knife or is considering carrying one to think of the consequences, you could easily end up in hospital or prison. If you are worried that someone you know may be carrying a knife or are affected by knife crime yourself, there is information, help and support available at www.knifefree.co.uk.

"We are committed to keeping our communities safe. If you are concerned about any suspicious or criminal activity in Stevenage we would also like to hear from you. Your information could assist ongoing investigations into criminal activity in the town, so please report it."
