```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2020
title: Witnesses sought following collision in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-collision-in-hemel-hempstead-0807
```

* ### The incident occurred in Adeyfield Road.

 * ### A vehicle and a pedestrian were involved.

 * ### Officers are appealing for any further witnesses to come forward.

Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Adeyfield Road, at around noon yesterday (Wednesday 28 October).For reasons unknown at this time, a BMW 1 series was in collision with a 70-year-old woman.

The woman was taken to hospital where she remains in a stable condition. Her injuries are not currently thought to be life threatening, but possibly life changing.

The driver of the BMW was uninjured.

PC Luke Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We have already spoken to a number of witnesses who remained at the scene and I thank them for doing so.

"As our enquiries continue to establish the circumstances around what happened, I am appealing for anyone else who saw the incident, or events leading up to it, to please get in touch. I'm particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage."

Anyone with information is asked to email PC Luke Jenkins.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 226 of 28 October 2020.
