```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 15-year-old boy appeared at Stevenage Youth Court on Thursday, April 4, where he pleaded guilty to a string of driving offences after a stolen moped he was driving was recovered in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 12 Apr 2019
title: Teenager appears in court in connection with stolen moped recovered in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-appears-in-court-in-connection-with-stolen-moped-recovered-in-cheshunt-0070k
```

* ### Two teenagers were arrested after a scooter was pursued in Cheshunt.

 * ### The moped was reported stolen from London and was recovered.

 * ### A 15-year-old boy was sentenced at Stevenage Youth Court.

A 15-year-old boy appeared at Stevenage Youth Court on Thursday, April 4, where he pleaded guilty to a string of driving offences after a stolen moped he was driving was recovered in Cheshunt.

On Friday, February 22, officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit signalled for the moped to stop, but the driver did not.

The grey Yamaha scooter was pursued until it stopped in Hillside Avenue and the driver and a passenger, both boys aged 15, were arrested by officers.

The moped was reported to have been stolen from London and was recovered by police.

The teenager who appeared at court pleaded guilty to five charges, which were:

 * Take a motor vehicle without the owner's consent
 * Fail to stop a vehicle when required by constable
 * Obstruct/resist a constable in the execution of their duty
 * Use a motor vehicle without insurance
 * Drive a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a licence

At court the boy was referred to the Essex Youth Offender Panel, received six points on his driving record and a fine of £105.

The other boy was not charged in relation to driving offences, but was dealt with separately for possession of cannabis by means of a community resolution.
