```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers in Stevenage conducted a proactive road safety operation yesterday (Wednesday 10 February) in support of the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council (NPCC) mobile phone campaign, which highlights the dangers of using a mobile phone whilst driving."
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2021
title: Officers in Stevenage support national road safety campaign
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-in-stevenage-support-national-road-safety-campaign-1185
```

* ### Officers in Stevenage carried out a proactive road safety operation on Wednesday.

 * ### A total of seven traffic offence reports were issued.

 * ### Hertfordshire Constabulary is supporting the national NPCC mobile phone campaign.

Officers in Stevenage conducted a proactive road safety operation yesterday (Wednesday 10 February) in support of the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) mobile phone campaign, which highlights the dangers of using a mobile phone whilst driving.

The officers based themselves in Hitchin Road, Coreys Mill, between 9am and 11am.

In total, seven traffic offence reports were issued. Four of these were issued for using a mobile whilst driving, and three were issued for seatbelt offences.

PC Stephen Evans, who organised the operation, said: "In a short space of time, we have captured a disappointingly high number of people driving dangerously. When you use your mobile phone whilst driving, not only are you putting yourself at serious risk, you are also risking the safety and lives of other innocent road users. It is completely unacceptable."

Chief Inspector Simon Tabert said: "There is absolutely no excuse for using your phone whilst driving. Anyone found to be using their phone whilst behind the wheel faces a minimum £200 fine, as well as six points on their license. If you passed your test within the last two years, your licence will be revoked and you will need to retake your test to be able to drive again.

"No text, call or comment is so urgent that it is worth risking your life and the lives of others. If you are looking at your phone, you are not looking at the road. All it takes is a matter of seconds for circumstances to change and for a collision to occur. It is never, ever worth the risk."

Officers across Hertfordshire will be undertaking both covert and overt enforcement activity throughout February. Using a mobile phone while driving is a leading cause of collision and many of those sadly result in serious injury or death.

Last year, over a quarter of all collisions in Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire that involved a motorist who was using their mobile phone ended in fatality or serious injury.

As we are in a national lockdown we all need to be following the Government's 'stay at home' instruction, which means not leaving your home except for a handful of permitted reasons. For further information on the current restrictions, you can visit the Government website.

If you need to make an essential journey, we would advise that you:

 * Turn your phone off.
 * Put your phone in the glove box.
 * Put your phone on 'do not disturb' mode to temporarily disable notifications.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
