```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of red diesel in Three Rivers have released footage of a man they would like to identify.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: "CCTV footage released after theft of red diesel \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-footage-released-after-theft-of-red-diesel-three-rivers-1022
```

* ### The incident happened on Woodoaks Farm in Maple Cross

 * ### 20 litres of red diesel was siphoned from a tractor

 * ### Police are appealing for information

Officers investigating the theft of red diesel in Three Rivers have released footage of a man they would like to identify.

It happened on Woodoaks Farm in Maple Cross between 5pm on Friday 18 October and 5am on Saturday 19 October.

An offender approached the shed where the tractor had been securely stored and siphoned approximately 20 litres of red diesel* from its fuel tank.

The farmer went to get in the tractor a few hours later and discovered a length of hosing resting in a nearby trough. He realised what had happened before calling police.

The footage can be viewed on our YouTube channel here.

PC Christian Gottmann, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We appreciate you cannot see the man's face in the footage due to the time it was captured, however perhaps you recognise the style of his clothing or his gait?

"Crimes such as these are deeply impact the farmers' livelihood and we are committed to cracking down on rural crime.

"If you recognise the man in the footage, please get in touch as soon as possible.

If you have any other information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/94862/19.**

You can email PC Gottmann on _christian.gottmann@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online, use online web chat or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

*Red diesel is a fuel that is used in off-road vehicles and machinery and is used most often in industries such as farming and construction. It is illegal to use red diesel in vehicles used on public roads.
