```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men were arrested and a quantity of cannabis seized after warrants were executed at two properties in Allerton Road, Borehamwood last weekend (Saturday 6 February).
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2021
title: Three arrested following drugs warrants in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-following-drugs-warrants-in-borehamwood-1202
```

* ## Three arrested for class B drug offences.

 * ## Warrant took place in Allerton Road.

 * ## If you have suspicions about drug related activity in the area you live please contact us.

Three men were arrested and a quantity of cannabis seized after warrants were executed at two properties in Allerton Road, Borehamwood last weekend (Saturday 6 February).

At one property, two men, aged 43 and 19, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a class B drug and have been released on police bail pending further enquiries.

At the second property, an 18-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a class B drugs and has also been released on police bail.

Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant, Matt Cann said: "We are aware that there were some concerns from people living locally around the police presence in the area whilst the warrants were carried out.

"I hope this action shows that we are listening to the concerns of residents and will do whatever we can to target those who are suspected to be involved in criminal activity."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo (opens in a new window) _and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
