```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with dangerous driving and grievous bodily harm following a road traffic collision in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2020
title: Man charged following Borehamwood incident
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-borehamwood-incident-0606J
```

* ### A man has been charged with dangerous driving and GBH following a road traffic collision in Borehamwood.

 * ### The incident took place on Tuesday 8 September around 4.30pm on Gateshead Road.

 * ### Anyone with information about the collision is asked to call 101 quoting 41/72151/20.

A man has been charged with dangerous driving and grievous bodily harm following a road traffic collision in Borehamwood.

Frankie Coles, aged 24, of Potters Bar appeared at Hatfield Remand Court via video link on Thursday (10 September) and has been remanded in custody. He is scheduled to next appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 12 October.

Detectives are still appealing for witnesses to the collision, which happened around 4.30pm on Tuesday (8 September) on Gateshead Road, and involved a motorbike and a white Ford Transit van.

Officers, the East of England Ambulance Service and the air ambulance attended the scene.

The motorcyclist was taken by road ambulance to hospital with serious injuries, which are said to be life changing.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth, of the Borehamwood Local Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing to make enquiries into the circumstances surrounding this collision and would be particularly keen to hear from anyone who saw either vehicle prior to the collision, especially if drivers have a dash cam fitted.

"If you can assist with our investigation please contact us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/72151/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
