```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Potters Bar and Shenley Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) will be holding an engagement event in Potters Bar this week.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2020
title: Meet your local officers in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Meet-your-local-officers-in-Potters-Bar-0413J
```

* ### Join the Potters Bar Safer Neighbourhood Team on Wednesday

 * ### Raise issues about crime and anti-social behaviour

 * ### Sign up to OWL

Officers from the Potters Bar and Shenley Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) will be holding an engagement event in Potters Bar this week.

The socially-distanced event on Wednesday (29 July) will allow people to meet with officers, to discuss any issues they feel police should be focusing their efforts on locally.

The feedback will be recorded via the Constabulary's community voice platform echo and will be used to help shape neighbourhood priorities, initiatives and campaigns moving forward. They will also be signing people up to the Online Watch Link (OWL)* service.

Officers will be stationed near to Superdrug in Darkes Lane, between 11.30am and 1pm.

Police Community Support Officer Cheryll Lavell, who has organised the event, said: "Feedback from members of the public is really important to us, as it enables us to gauge the issues which are important to people locally. Please do pop along and say hello and tell us what matters most to you."

If you are unable to attend the event you can still give your feedback by visiting _bit.ly/herts-echo_ or bit.ly/police-pb.

*The Online Watch Link (OWL) is a free messaging system where residents can sign-up via www.owl.co.uk/herts to receive local news about what is happening in their neighbourhood as well as limited relevant faorce-wide news. People who sign up don't need to do anything other than read the messages and act on any crime prevention advice. Typically messages would be alerting members to burglaries with relevant crime prevention advice, local missing people and car thefts. **

**
