```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary has welcomed a report on modern slavery by Her Majesty\u2019s Inspector of Constabularies and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS)."
publish:
  date: 24 Oct 2017
title: HMICFRS report into modern slavery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hmicfrs-report-into-modern-slavery
```

* ### National report identifies numerous improvements that many police forces should make in order to investigate slavery and trafficking **,** and protect victims.

 * ### HMICFRS audited 10 forces (not including Hertfordshire) at the beginning of the year.

 * ### Earlier this month DI Luke Whinnett and DS Duncan Montague were recognised at the National Detective Awards in Daventry for their work setting up Operation Tropic.

###

Hertfordshire Constabulary has welcomed a report on modern slavery by Her Majesty's Inspector of Constabularies and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS).

The national report, published today (Tuesday, October 24), identifies numerous improvements that many police forces should make in order to investigate slavery and trafficking **,** and protect victims. HMICFRS audited 10 forces (not including Hertfordshire) at the beginning of the year.

Detective Superintendent Dave Wheatley, the Force's strategic lead for tackling slavery and trafficking, said: "We welcome the spotlight that this report puts on modern slavery and trafficking. Victims not only often suffer from horrific abuse but also have their lives and liberty stolen from them in the process.

"They are often isolated and suffer in silence so it is vital that the public are vigilant and aware of the signs as modern slavery can happen anywhere."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "We know this is an under-reported crime and we've taken steps in Hertfordshire to address that. Operation Tropic is Hertfordshire Constabulary's dedicated team working on modern slavery and people trafficking and they've already had several successes since launching this year.

"This report out today shows that we have to build on this work even more, with our partners and with the public spotting the warning signs that something isn't quite right."

Earlier this year, the new Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership, made up of 15+ agencies and charities, was set up to further improve partnership work in the county. Last week the Partnership launched a new public awareness campaign encouraging people to spot the signs of abuse.

Earlier this month Detective Inspector Luke Whinnett and Detective Sergeant Duncan Montague were recognised at the National Detective Awards in Daventry for their work setting up Operation Tropic.

Detective Superintendent Dave Wheatley said: "In Hertfordshire we have invested heavily in this area of policing with a new dedicated policing unit, Operation Tropic. This unit coordinates the policing response to trafficking and slavery, and manages the flow of intelligence with national and international law enforcement agencies.

"The unit provides support and training to investigating officers in the force and partner agencies in the county, meaning that crimes are more likely to be spotted and intelligence shared.

"The new partnership has brought multi-agency working to a new level in Hertfordshire, which has been very evident in recent anti-slavery operations. Partnership services such as reception centres for victims are now used for all significant policing operations.

"As a result of our approach we have seen an increase in referrals being made from our partners which is reassuring as we want all those involved in safeguarding to recognise the signs.

"This means more victims are being identified as potentially at risk of slavery and trafficking and therefore more are being protected from the criminals that seek to exploit them."

 * **Learn more about the campaign**.

To learn more about the signs of abuse visit the Modern Slavery Helpline's Spot the Signs webpage.
