```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Stevenage has been charged in connection with a series of commercial burglaries in the town.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2020
title: Stevenage man charged with business burglaries
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stevenage-man-charged-with-business-burglaries-0036e
```

* ## Stevenage man pleads guilty to business burglaries.

 * ## Scott Liddon targeted stores closed in lockdown.

 * ## Two charity shops amongst those burgled.

A man from Stevenage has been charged in connection with a series of commercial burglaries in the town.

Scott Liddon, aged 30, of Penn Road, was arrested on Monday 9 April, by officers on routine patrol. He was found behind the Salvation Army shop in the Market Square.

He was subsequently charged with:

Burglary at the Bengal Lounge

Burglary at the Garden House Hospice

Burglary at SL Anderson Pharmacy

Theft from the Salvation Army shop

Possession of a bladed article

The offences took place between February and April 2020

Liddon appeared at Hatfield remand court on Saturday 11 April 2020, where he pleaded guilty to all of the above offences. He has been remanded into custody and is due to be sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 15 May.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Hall said: "These are difficult times for everyone, but particularly local businesses who have had to close whilst we are in lock down. It is particularly upsetting to see how little regard Liddon has for those businesses and especially the two charities whose aim it is to help others.

"We continue to patrol our shopping areas throughout the day and night, to prevent crime and detect those who try to take advantage of the current situation."

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
