```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Dozens of residents have spoken about how pleased they are after police officers from the Scorpion team* and the St Albans Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team intervened following concerns about suspected cannabis being dealt in Arthur Road.
publish:
  date: 4 Jul 2018
title: Arthur Road residents praise police intervention
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arthur-road-residents-praise-police-intervention-0468F
```

* ### Dozens of residents have spoken about how pleased they are after police officers intervened following concerns about suspected cannabis being dealt.

 * ### They also worked with St Albans City and District Council, which provided a temporary CCTV camera.

 * ### The young people have been identified and spoken to.

Dozens of residents have spoken about how pleased they are after police officers from the Scorpion team* and the _St Albans Central, North and West_ Safer Neighbourhood Team intervened following concerns about suspected cannabis being dealt in Arthur Road.

They also worked with St Albans City and District Council, which provided a temporary CCTV camera to capture the offending.

PC Jenna Hutchinson from the Scorpion Team, explained: "We were receiving a number of reports about young people dealing cannabis in the street. We carried out both high-visibility and covert police patrols, stop and searches, held street meets with residents and worked with the Council. I've never seen such overwhelming positivity that our presence brought to the road and how grateful all those were that we spoke to, who were of all ages."

PC Dan Bleach, also from the Scorpion Team, added: "It was great to work closely with the Safer Neighbourhood Team, especially PCSOs Adriano Russo and Che Ponton and the Council to make such a positive impact on the local community."

Cllr Salih Gaygusuz, Business and Community Portfolio Holder for St Albans City and District Council, said: "The Council's Community Safety team has worked closely with the police on a high-visibility campaign aimed at preventing crime and helping residents reclaim their road. I am pleased to say that this partnership working has proved successful and people now feel much safer in their local community."

The young people have been identified and spoken to.

 *The Scorpion team deal with burglars, robbers and drug and vehicle related crime.
