```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary at a property in Old Watford Road, Bricket Wood.
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: Aggravated burglary in Bricket Wood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Aggravated-burglary-in-Bricket-Wood-1659F
```

* ### Detectives investigate burglary on Old Watford Road, Bricket Wood.

 * ### Group of men break into man's room and demand cash on January 25.

 * ### Please call 101 if you saw anything suspicious that evening.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary at a property in Old Watford Road, Bricket Wood.

At 10.45pm on Thursday January 25, the 41-year-old victim was in a bedroom in the multi-occupancy house. When a man wearing a skeleton mask has entered the room and demanded to know where money was.

He was then followed by two more offenders and they continued to demand money. The victim has been punched, kicked and hit by the group. A fourth offender is believed to have been stood on the landing outside.

The victim has called out for help from another occupant in the building. The offenders have then fled empty-handed in an unknown direction.

The first and second offenders were wearing black Northface jackets, black jogging bottoms, black trainers, and orange and white gloves.

The third man was wearing a black Puffa jacket, black Adidas bottoms, black trainers and latex gloves. The fourth man was wearing a black jacket, black jogging bottoms and black and red motorcycle gloves.

Detective Constable Jody Perrin from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "This was a particularly unusual incident where the burglars used violence against the victim in order to try and extract money from him. He suffered head and face injuries including a broken nose as a result.

"I would like to speak to anyone who saw people acting suspiciously or any suspicious vehicles in the area at the time."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F3/18/186, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
