```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Hitchin have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2018
title: CCTV appeal following an assault in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-an-assault-in-hitchin-2278
```

* ### Do you recognise this person? Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into an assault in Hitchin

 * ### It happened in The Arcade at around 1.45am on Saturday, December 15

 * ### If you know who this is, please call 101 quoting reference 41/66097/18

Officers investigating an assault in Hitchin have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in The Arcade at around 1.45am on Saturday, December 15.

Two men became involved in a verbal altercation before one punched the other in the face, causing the victim to fall to the ground. The offender then left the area.

The victim, in his 30s, suffered a broken leg as a result of the assault. This required an operation and he is now recovering at home.

Detective Constable Geoffrey Scarborough, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim has suffered a broken tibia and fibula as a result of this assault, which is a significant injury that he will need extensive time to recuperate from.

"I am keen to speak to the man pictured as I believe he was in the area at the time, and may have witnessed what happened or have information that could prove useful to the investigation.

"If your recognise him, or have any information that you believe could help, please email _geoffrey.scarborough@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , call the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting reference 41/66097/18."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

Do you recognise this person?
