```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-two police officers were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their graduation ceremony last week (Friday, January 18).
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2019
title: Thirty-two new police officers join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Thirty-two-new-police-officers-join-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-2415
```

* ### Thirty-two police officers join Hertfordshire Constabulary

 * ### Graduation Ceremony held on Friday

 * ### We'll be recruiting police officers from February 1

Thirty-two police officers were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their graduation ceremony last week (Friday, January 18).

Having completed a 16 week training course, they will now be starting their first shifts at their local stations across the county, putting into practice all they have learned.

The training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

During the ceremony, which took place at Longfield Training Development Centre in Stevenage, the new recruits paraded in front of Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner Stuart Nagler, their soon to be Chief Inspectors and family and friends.

Chief Constable for Hertfordshire, Charlie Hall said: "We've been rigorously recruiting police officers over the past eighteen months and are now seeing the benefits of this recruitment drive with numbers of officers on duty increasing noticeably.

"These officers have gone through an exacting recruitment process and spent the last few months in intensive training to ensure they are fully equipped to deal with life on the front line.

"It's a proud moment for them to be standing in front of their family and friends in full uniform, and it gives me great pleasure to formally welcome them to Hertfordshire Constabulary."

Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner Stuart Nagler said: "These officers will be at the core of policing in the county, joining the intervention teams who respond to emergency incidents and neighbourhood policing teams who respond to the needs of local communities. Together with the Chief Constable, we have made it a priority to not only protect these frontline teams, but to increase officer numbers. I welcome them to Hertfordshire Constabulary and wish them the very best in their career."

Hertfordshire Constabulary will be recruiting police officers from 1st until 28th February. During this time you can register your interest or submit your application at www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk.

Have you considered whether representing your community as a police officer is for you? The Constabulary offers career progression, personal development and a welcoming, supportive workplace to people with different life experiences and backgrounds.

An information evening is being held on Monday, February 4. The evening is designed to give an insight into policing our community, your career development and what it takes to put on the uniform. You'll also hear from serving police officers. For details of the event and to book your place, please email positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall with graduating officers Graduating officers Graduating officers
