```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Owners of weapons made illegal under the Offensive Weapons Act 2019 are being encouraged to surrender them under a scheme launched by the Government today. These weapons include, among others, rapid firing rifles, bump stocks, knuckledusters, flick knives and zombie knives.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2020
title: Public urged to surrender weapons to the police
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/public-urged-to-surrender-weapons-to-the-police-101220
```

Owners of weapons made illegal under the Offensive Weapons Act 2019 are being encouraged to surrender them under a scheme launched by the Government today. These weapons include, among others, rapid firing rifles, bump stocks, knuckledusters, flick knives and zombie knives.

Qualifying weapons surrendered to the police by 9 March 2021 may be eligible for government compensation. Details of the compensation scheme and a full list of qualifying weapons are available on the government website.

Supt Clare Smith, Deputy Head of Criminal Justice for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire said: "It is important the public understands that these weapons, which were previously lawful to own privately, are now illegal and must be surrendered.

"These are dangerous weapons and taking them out of private ownership will help keep communities safe and prevent them from falling into criminal hands.

"There will be people who own these weapons as trophy pieces with no intention of ever using them. The law still applies and the surrender campaign is an opportunity for them to hand in these weapons and potentially be compensated by the Government for their loss."

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge, who is leading the initiative for Hertfordshire, said: "Offence numbers involving weapons remain relatively low in Hertfordshire, but as part of a coordinated national campaign to stop such items falling into the wrong hands, we are joining forces across the country to help people dispose of them safely.

"New legislation introduced on 10 December 2020 means that some people who already have some of these weapons in their possession may be breaking the law due to the new regulations. These changes could also mean that some firearms dealers and other collectors may now be breaking the law. It is also possible that there are people who are in possession of a weapon that they have inherited or that they have overlooked or forgotten about. Whatever the circumstances, the three-month amnesty provides ample opportunity to dispose of these unwanted firearms and other weapons safely and with peace of mind."

To surrender a weapon please email opbritney@herts.pnn.police.uk and the weapons surrender team will be in touch to arrange collection. They will also send you a compensation form, which must be fully completed and returned at the point of surrender in order to qualify for reimbursement from the government.

If you are unable to email, please call 101 and the weapons surrender team will call you back.
