```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for witnesses and the public\u2019s help following a number of incidents where a vulnerable male has been seen naked in Welwyn Garden City."
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following concern for welfare of man in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-concern-for-welfare-of-man-in-welwyn-garden-city-0513b
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and the public's help following a number of incidents where a vulnerable male has been seen naked in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### On three occasions between Monday 17 June and Sunday 7 July, the man has been captured on doorbell CCTV in Howlands.

 * ### Officers do not believe the man has any malicious intent in his behaviour but are urging the public to get in touch if you might know who he is.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and the public's help following a number of incidents where a vulnerable male has been seen naked in Welwyn Garden City.

On three occasions between Monday 17 June and Sunday 7 July, the man has been captured on doorbell CCTV in Howlands. All occasions have been in the early hours of the morning.

The man is described as white, around 30 years old and of a skinny build.

On the CCTV, he is seen to walk from the direction of the New QE2 Hospital and enter a driveway before walking back in the direction he had come from. In another piece of footage, he is seen to sit on a neighbour's doorstep before leaving.

PC Shaun Buchanan, from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We do not believe the man has any malicious intent in his behaviour but we are very concerned for his welfare.

"In the footage, vehicles can be seen driving past and I would urge the occupants of those vehicles to get in touch if you saw any of these incidents.

"Any witnesses who have seen this man in the local area should please get in touch so that we can try and identify him and ensure he receives any help that he needs.

"If you can help, or if you think you know who this man is, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email.

"If you see the man, do not approach him but call 101 straight away so that we can assist him."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
