```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 24 Oct 2018
title: Did you witness assault in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-hemel-hempstead-1969d
```

* ### The incident occurred in Queensway on Sunday evening.

 * ### The victim suffered multiple fractures.

 * ### Witnesses are asked to contact police.

Detectives investigating an assault in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred outside the Air Cadets Hall in Queensway, shortly after 7.20pm on Sunday, October 21.

The victim, a man aged in his 30s, was walking to a friend's house when he was approached by a man who repeatedly punched him and pushed him to the floor. He suffered multiple fractures as a result.

The suspect is described as white, over 6ft tall and of slim build with blond hair.

Detective Constable James MacPherson, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "The incident occurred on a popular walking route to the town centre and it's also likely a number of vehicles would have driven past at the time. I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or who may have seen the people involved, to please get in touch. Any information could greatly assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC MacPherson via email to james.macpherson@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/48615/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
