```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A closure order has been secured on a flat in Hemel Hempstead after officers executed a drugs warrant at the address.
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2019
title: Closure order secured following drugs warrant - Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-following-drugs-warrant-hemel-hempstead-0547d
```

* ### Officers executed a drugs warrant at an address in The Heights in Highfield, Hemel Hempstead, after intelligence suggested suspected drug dealing and taking at the address.

 * ### Two men were arrested for drugs offences and officers seized heroin, cocaine, cash and mobile phones.

 * ### The Dacorum Community Safety Unit successfully secured a closure order on the flat which means no one can enter the address for the next three months.

A closure order has been secured on a flat in Hemel Hempstead after officers executed a drugs warrant at the address.

On Wednesday 26 June, the warrant was carried out at the address in The Heights, which is on the corner of Jupiter Drive and Saturn Way in the Highfield area of the town, under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

This came after intelligence was received to suggest that the property was being used for suspected drug dealing and taking. Two men were arrested and a quantity of suspected heroin and crack cocaine was seized alongside cash and several mobile phones.

The flat in question was also subject to an investigation by the Dacorum Community Safety Unit following complaints regarding anti-social behaviour. On Friday 19 July, officers successfully obtained a full closure order on the address under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

It states that no-one besides the local authority and emergency services can enter the flat for a period of three months, until 18 October. Anyone who breaches this order could be arrested, with further action taken against them.

The magistrates' court was satisfied that the following and necessary criteria for a closure order had been met:

1) that a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public.

The Constabulary worked in partnership with the property owner to gather evidence in support of the closure order. Where closure orders are granted, the local authority/housing association can utilise specific legislation that allows them to seek full possession of the property.

Sergeant Mike Saunders, from the Dacorum Community Safety Unit, said: "We hope this closure order will provide some respite from the ongoing issues suffered by neighbours and improve the residents' quality of life within the local community.

"Everyone deserves to feel safe and happy in their home, and no one should be subjected to chronic anti-social behaviour issues. If you engage in this type of activity then you can expect your home to be the next target for us.

"If you have information about suspected drug activity and anti-social behaviour in your neighbourhood, please don't hesitate to report it to us because we will take it seriously and we will do all we can to prevent it from adversely affecting the lives of decent, law-abiding people who live nearby.

"I want to further reassure the local residents that we will continue to monitor the situation and take further action if necessary."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or suspected drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online, by speaking to an operator via online web chat here or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * Michael Blake, aged 39, of Lyon Park Avenue, Wembley, has been charged with possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of class A. Paul Stanley, aged 52, of Iveagh Court, Hemel Hempstead, has also been charged with possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of class A. They both appeared before Hatfield Remand Court on Thursday 27 June where they pleaded not guilty. They were remanded into custody and are scheduled to appear for trial at Luton Crown Court on Monday 29 July.
