```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Hatfield have been given authorisation to stop and search members of the public suspected to be carrying knives from 6pm this evening (Friday 30 October) to 9am tomorrow (Saturday 31 October), under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2020
title: Section 60 stop and search powers authorised in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-authorised-in-hatfield-0813
```

* ### Officers in Hatfield have been given authorisation to stop and search members of the public suspected to be carrying knives from 6pm this evening (Friday 30 October) to 9am tomorrow (Saturday 31 October)

 * ### This follows on from an incident in the town last night (Thursday 29 October)

 * ### 10 people are currently in custody in connection with the incident

Officers in Hatfield have been given authorisation to stop and search members of the public suspected to be carrying knives from 6pm this evening (Friday 30 October) to 9am tomorrow (Saturday 31 October), under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994.

The Section 60 applies to the area in the attached map and means that anyone in the area may be searched for weapons without the police officer having reasonable grounds of suspicion for each person searched.

This legislation is different to the stop and search powers they already have, which can be used at any time but when used officers must have reasonable grounds.

Under the Home Office's best use of stop and search scheme Hertfordshire Constabulary will, where practicable, publicise Section 60s to the public.

Sergeant James Stopford, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We've taken this action following an incident that happened last night (Thursday 29 October).

"At 11.33pm, we were called to reports of a 20 year old man with a stab wound to his leg and cut to his hand. He was taken to hospital for treatment but thankfully his injuries are not deemed to be life-threatening or life-changing. Then just before 4.30am this morning, we received a further call in relation to an assault in Aviation Avenue, involving a number of people. One man suffered bruising and did not require hospital treatment.

"A 21 year old man from Wembley, Greater London, and a 20 year old man from Sutton, Greater London, were arrested on suspicion of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH) in connection with both incidents. They are currently in police custody.

"This morning, a further eight people have been arrested on suspicion of affray. They remain in custody at this time.

"Let us be clear; there are serious consequences if you choose to carry a knife. Not only will you face a possible custodial sentence and criminal record, which could affect your job prospects in later life, but you could cause yourself or another person serious injury or worse.

"While some people feel pressured to carry a knife, perhaps as protection or because their friends say it will earn them respect or make others fear them, the truth is that it simply puts you in more danger."

Image copyright: Google Maps
