```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Garston Lane, Watford.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-watford-1377
```

* ### The incident happened on Wednesday 29 January, between 4.30pm and 5.30pm.

 * ### The victim was followed through Garston Park, and pushed over in Garston Lane.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information, particularly a woman who had been walking her dog who intervened.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Garston Lane, Watford.

On Wednesday 29 January, between 4.30pm and 5pm, the victim was walking through Garston Park. She was followed by the suspect, who has been described as a teenage girl.

The suspect then approached her in Garston Lane, and pushed the victim several times.

It is believed that the victim and the suspect are known to each other.

PC Colin Cheesewright, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, the victim has been left distressed following this incident. Thankfully, she didn't sustain any injuries during the assault. If you were in the area around the time specified, and believe you may have seen the incident or have information you think could assist our investigation, please get in contact.

"I'd particularly like to talk to a woman who was walking her dog in the area at the time who intervened, as we think she could have some key information to help us with this investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Cheesewright directly via email at Colin.Cheesewright@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/9034/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
