```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is supporting the Counter Terrorism Policing Winter Vigilance campaign to remind people to remain vigilant and report suspicious activity.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Stay vigilant this winter
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stay-vigilant-this-winter-0991all
```

* ## We are supporting the Counter Terrorism Policing Winter Vigilance campaign.

 * ## Be alert to the threat of terrorism and call us to report any suspicions.

 * ## If you see something suspicious dial 101 or in an emergency call 999.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is supporting the Counter Terrorism Policing Winter Vigilance campaign to remind people to remain vigilant and report suspicious activity.

With the coronavirus pandemic impacting on our life and work every day, it is understandable that the threat from terrorism isn't necessarily front of mind for everyone across the country. But the threat of terrorism sadly has not gone away.

Given national and regional restrictions, compared to previous years, there may be a different look and feel to city centres and public locations over the festive season.

However, the recent terror attacks in Europe and the change in the UK's terrorism threat level to **severe** - meaning an attack is highly likely - are reminders of how important it is to stay vigilant wherever you are out and about.

Counter Terrorism Policing and local forces work throughout the year with businesses across the country to give advice and guidance on safety and security measures. But everyone has their part to play.

Similar to tackling coronavirus, defeating terrorism requires a collective community effort where police, security staff, retail workers and the public come together to minimise the chance of attacks. The cooperation between the public and the police is a powerful defence against terrorism. Together communities defeat terrorism.

The winter advertising campaign aims to encourage the public to remain vigilant, look out for suspicious behaviour and inform people how to report their concerns, providing a 'whole society' approach where police, security staff, retail workers and the public come together to minimise the chance of attacks.

Superintendent Steve O'Keeffe, of Hertfordshire Constabulary, said: "The collective community effort to security will always be the most effective. We know a terrorist attack can happen anywhere and at any time.

"Everyone has their part to play and our winter campaign encourages everyone to remain alert while out and about, and to report anything suspicious to police, security or staff. By working alongside businesses, as well as the public, we can all help to keep each other safe."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
