```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man is due to appear in court in connection with a racially aggravated public order offence, following an incident at a Premier League football match in Watford.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2020
title: Man due in court following incident at Watford FC
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-due-in-court-following-incident-at-watford-fc-0531
```

* ### The incident occurred a Premier League match in January.

 * ### Racially offence language was allegedly used towards a steward.

 * ### A man is due to be summoned to court.

A man is due to appear in court in connection with a racially aggravated public order offence, following an incident at a Premier League football match in Watford.

The incident occurred at the club's ground in Vicarage Road, during a match against Tottenham Hotspur on 18 January.

It is alleged that racially offensive language and threats were made towards a steward who was facilitating entry into the stadium.

A 43-year-old man from Watford will be summoned to appear at court, to answer a charge of racially aggravated section 4 public order.

Dani Howlett-Bolton, the Constabulary's Hate Crime Officer for Watford, said: "We take all reports of this nature seriously and will not hesitate to bring suspects before the courts.

"We have a close working relationship with Watford Football Club and are fully supportive of the work they are doing to tackle discrimination. If you witness similar incidents, or have been a victim of a hate crime, please do not hesitate to report this to the club, or directly to police.

"Sam Gillings, HR and Equality Lead Officer at Watford FC said: "At Watford Football Club we are fully committed to tackling all forms of discrimination, whether in our stadium or on social media. Through the help of our supporters and workforce, we have reported a number of incidents to Herts police and feel this particular decision is a positive reflection of the processes we have put in place.

"We will continue to encourage incidents to be reported to us, using #buzzoff online or contacting us directly. We are Watford Football Club, we're passionate about inclusion and we will take appropriate action."

Find out more on the equality and diversity page of the Watford FC website.
