```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Tackling anti-social behaviour, purse thefts and vehicle nuisance are some of the issues Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) across East Herts will be focusing their efforts on over the coming months, as a result of feedback from members of the public.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2021
title: New priorities set for East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-priorities-set-for-east-herts-1112a
```

* ## The policing priorities for the next three months have been set.

 * ## Feedback from members of the public has helped to shape the priorities.

 * ## You can give your views via echo.

Tackling anti-social behaviour, purse thefts and vehicle nuisance are some of the issues Safer Neighbourhood teams (SNT) across East Herts will be focusing their efforts on over the coming months, as a result of feedback from members of the public.

The latest Priority Setting Forums (PSF) have taken place and each of the four SNTs have set their policing priorities for the next three months.

PSFs are made up of police officers, council representatives and members of the local education and business communities, who meet to discuss issues and decide where policing efforts should be focused. Feedback from members of the public plays a huge part in the decision making and information provided via the Constabulary's community voice platform 'echo' has been used to shape the latest priorities.

Residents will see work being conducted to tackle these issues, which will include increased police presence and targeted enforcement.

#### Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth

 * To reduce incidents of shoplifting in the town centre.
 * To reduce incidents of phone thefts in the town centre.
 * To reduce incidents of purse dipping in the town centre, as well as at Sainsbury's Thorley and Tesco in Lancaster Way.
 * To reduce reports of drug dealing and associated anti-social behaviour in Fairways, Vantorts Road, Vantorts Close, Vantorts Park and Linwood in Sawbridgeworth.
 * To reduce incidents of theft from motor vehicles in all residential, business and open spaces in Sawbridgeworth.

#### East Herts Rural

 * Assisting the council with COVID-19 related matters along the High Street. This will include high visibility patrols to remind people to comply with the prevailing government requirements, maintain social distancing and use of face coverings.
 * Anti-social vehicle related nuisance. This will include carrying out speed detection patrols in Buntingford and addressing other forms of vehicle nuisance.
 * High visibility patrols in identified hotspot areas, to help reduce criminal damage to crops caused by hare coursing.
 * Tackle speeding in rural villages.

#### Hertford

 * Deal with people congregating in vehicles in Gascoyne Way car park in the evenings, racing around the car park and surrounding roads, creating noise.
 * Tackle and reduce incidents of violence, disorder and anti-social behaviour in Castle Ward on Friday and Saturday evenings, between 9pm and 4am.
 * Tackle crime and disorder in the Norwood Close area, believed to be linked to drugs.

#### Ware

 * Tackle youth anti-social behaviour and street drinking in the High Street.
 * To improve community tensions in the King George estate, caused by county lines drug dealing.
 * Reducing speeding in hotspot locations across Stanstead Abbotts.

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "Feedback from members of the public is vital to ensure that local policing resources are focusing on the issues that matter most to them. I want to thank everyone who has contacted us with their views and would encourage others to get involved.

"While things are very different for everyone at the moment, my local officers are still out and about, responding to any concerns and issues raised.

"You can follow the work of local officers on Twitter @EastHertsPolice, to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep East Herts a safe place to live, work and visit."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit one of the following links and tell us your thoughts:

 * East Herts - bit.ly/police-eherts
 * Bishop's Stortford - bit.ly/police-stortford
 * East Herts Rural - bit.ly/ehrural-police
 * Hertford - bit.ly/police-hford
 * Sawbridgeworth - bit.ly/police-sawbo
 * Ware - bit.ly/police-ware

Please note that echo should not be used to report crime; this should continue to be reported via the usual methods.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window).

**

**
