```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three young people have been arrested as officers continue to work hard to tackle antisocial behaviour in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: Three arrested as police tackle antisocial behaviour in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-as-police-tackle-antisocial-behaviour-in-welwyn-garden-city-0947
```

Three young people have been arrested as officers continue to work hard to tackle antisocial behaviour in Welwyn Garden City.

At around 8pm on Wednesday (23 October) officers on patrol made three arrests in Cole Green Lane.

A 16 year old girl from Welwyn Garden City was arrested on suspicion of obstructing police and a public order offence. She has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 17 year old boy from Welwyn Garden City was arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis with intent to supply. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Rufaro Sifolongwane, age 22 of Lowerfield, Welwyn Garden City, was arrested and charged with possession of cannabis. He will appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Friday 22 November.

Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Wayne Nash said: "We know residents are feeling concerned about young people committing antisocial behaviour in the Woodhall area and we will continue carrying out patrols and making arrests where necessary.

"If you're worried about local crime, don't forget the Welwyn Hatfield North team host a weekly stall at the Howard Centre every Wednesday from 4pm to 5pm on the ground floor by the escalators. Residents can attend to discuss any concerns and I would encourage you to come along if there's anything you would like us to know or help with."

Where optional requirements mean that officers cannot attend, the team will post this on their Twitter account: @WelHatNthPolice

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour should call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away.

You can keep up-to-date with policing in Welwyn Hatfield on Facebook at herts.police.uk/welwynhatfieldpolice
