```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As part of operation Sceptre, officers in East Herts will be visiting schools across the area to talk to children about the dangers of carrying knives.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2018
title: PCSOs visit schools in East Herts as part of Operation Sceptre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pcsos-visit-schools-in-eastherts-as-part-of-operation-sceptre-1801A
```

* ### Schools in East Herts join Operation Sceptre.

 * ### Officers give knife crime talks to children.

 * ### More than 300 school children spoken to in Bishop's Stortford.

As part of operation Sceptre, officers in East Herts will be visiting schools across the area to talk to children about the dangers of carrying knives.

So far four schools have taken part, with many more due to come on board in the next few days.

On Tuesday September 18, PCSO Paul Weston visited Leventhorpe School in Sawbridgeworth. On Wednesday September 19, PCSO Scott Rome spoke to more than 300 children at Bishop's Stortford High School. Today (Thursday September 20) PCSO Tea Prow is visiting St Mary's School in Bishops' Stortford and Neighbourhood Sergeant Michael Clark will visit Chauncy School in Ware.

Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt said: "We take knife crime very seriously in East Herts and know that we have to find effective ways to get the message across to young people about the dangers and consequences of choosing to carry a knife.

"With the number of recorded incidents of knife crime on the increase across the county it is important to try and catch children before they become involved. The schools have been very supportive and we hope this will be a great way to get young people to really think about knife crime and the consequences.

"My teams will also be carrying out knife sweeps across the area this week as well as issuing licensed premises with knife detecting wands. This work will be ongoing as we are committed to tackling the issue of knife crime in East Herts."

Knife detecting wands
