```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Watford have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following a robbery \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-robbery-watford-1658
```

* ### Do you recognise these two people? Police would like to speak to them as part of enquiries into a robbery

 * ### It happened in Queens Road, Watford, at 4.15pm on May 7

 * ### If you know those pictured, please call 101 quoting reference C1/18/2699

Officers investigating a robbery in Watford have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened on Queens Road at 4.15pm on Monday, May 7.

The victim, a 14 year old boy, was walking along the road with three friends when they were approached by a number of offenders.

They have threatened the victim and forced him to hand over his Guess wristwatch.

The watch is described as having a gold watch face, with rainbow-coloured numbers, red hands and a gold link strap.

Detective Constable Lewis Mortimer, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "I appreciate some time has passed since the offence but, for reasons beyond our control, we have only just gained access to these images.

"I would be very keen to speak to the two people pictured as I believe they may have information that could help progress my investigation.

"If you know who they are, or have any further information, please email me at _lewis.mortimer2@herts.police.uk_ , report online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C1/18/2699."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
