```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stevenage where a 12-year-old boy was assaulted and had his bike stolen.
publish:
  date: 1 Jun 2019
title: "Distinctive pedal bike stolen \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Distinctive-pedal-bike-stolen-Stevenage-0304
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stevenage where a 12-year-old boy was assaulted and had his bike stolen.

The victim was being pushed on a swing by one of the offenders in King George's Playing Field, Sish Lane, around 2.45pm on Tuesday 28 May. The offender pushed too hard and the victim fell off causing injury to his leg.

During that time a second offender has taken the boy's bike, a small black Rockrider 540 pedal bike. The bike, pictured, had been modified with blue handle bars, blue pedals, blue wheel spokes and the bike has a blue leather saddle with red stitching.

The first offender that pushed victim on swing is described as a white male, aged 14 or 15 years old, 5ft 5in tall and medium build. He had short black hair and was wearing grey shirt, grey trousers and black shoes.

PC Marc Capicotto, investigating, said: "Because of the modifications, this is a unique and distinctive bike. I am confident anyone who has seen it would recognise it.

"Have you been offered this bike for sale or seen it in any other circumstances since Tuesday? I appeal to anyone who has any information about this incident to contact us."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Capicotto on marc.capicotto@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/47905/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
