```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: During International Fraud Recognition Week, 17-23 November, Hertfordshire Constabulary is providing advice on some of the main fraud related issues affecting the county.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Protect your data to prevent fraud
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/protect-your-data-to-prevent-fraud-1055
```

* ### Advice issued to help residents stay safe from fraud

 * ### Personal data can be harvested from discarded mobile devices

 * ### Phone scams and romance fraud on the increase

During International Fraud Recognition Week, 17-23 November, Hertfordshire Constabulary is providing advice on some of the main fraud related issues affecting the county.

Courier fraud and dating, or romance fraud, are two specific forms of fraud that are especially prevalent in Hertfordshire and the eastern region currently.

Courier fraud typically involves victims being called by an individual claiming to be a police officer or bank employee, who try to persuade the victim to hand over a bank card and PIN code or cash/foreign currency to a courier. The courier then collects the items from the victim's home address. This fraud type typically targets elderly and vulnerable victims.

Dating fraud involves a victim engaging in an on-line relationship before being persuaded by the offender to part with large sums of money, once trust has been gained. The fraudsters use a variety of tactics, such as seeking sympathy for a personal issue, or requesting money so that they can travel over to visit the victim. The fraudsters often use convincing cover stories which make them appear strong and dependable, and often say that their job involves lots of travelling or working abroad.

Detective Chief Inspector Sam Khanna, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "The advice with regards to both courier and dating fraud is not to part with any money or personal details. If you are called by someone asking you to withdraw cash, purchase goods or provide bank cards and PIN numbers, please be aware that a police officer or a bank official would never ask for this. The fraudsters will often ask the victims to call back on 999, 101 or 161 to verify that they are genuine, however this is part of the scam. They keep the line open so that the victim continues to speak to the fraudster believing they are genuine officials, so please use another phone line to make the call.

"Fraudsters will prey on the elderly and vulnerable so make sure your family and friends are aware of these types of fraud.

"Hacking of social media and e-mail is currently the most prevalent cyber dependent crime in Hertfordshire by volume for both individuals and businesses. So make sure you protect your digital data held on computers and mobile devices.

"The best course of action is not to sell media devices and instead ensure that they are destroyed. If however you do wish to sell devices, take the necessary steps to erase personal data. Digital forensic experts may still be able to recover deleted data, so no process is believed to be failsafe."

*Research undertaken by the Cyber Security Centre at the University of Hertfordshire has looked at the ease with which personal details can be obtained and identities stolen, from second-hand media devices such as phones, USB sticks and hard-drives.

The study showed that two-thirds of second-hand memory cards and USB sticks sold to the public still contain personal data from their previous owners. Fifty nine per cent of second-hand hard drives sold on marketplaces like eBay are not properly wiped and still contain data from their previous owners.

Researchers unearthed troves of personal information and sensitive materials **.** Intimate photos, passport copies, selfies, contact lists, CVs, browsing history, bank statements and password lists, are just some examples of the data left behind.

This is exactly the kind of information that criminals look for to help them commit anything from blackmail to identity theft, all of which could result in significant financial loss. There are also personal safety issues to consider with SatNav data, which could help a criminal determine the home location of the user, the routes that they regularly use and locations that they have identified as being of interest.

The university has not yet published its results with regards to second-hand phones but they are expected to follow a similar pattern.

To find out how you can make sure your digital devices are scrapped safely visit: www.getsafeonline.org/protecting-your-computer/safe-computer-disposal.

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice about phone scams:

 * Be sceptical of callers, even those who claim to be officials.
 * Don't be afraid to put the phone down with a brief 'No, thank you'.
 * NEVER give personal information, such as your date of birth or bank details, to unexpected callers.
 * Remember that the police or your bank would NEVER unexpectedly call you and ask you to withdraw cash or move your money to another account, as a result of fraud or any other reason.
 * If callers suggest you call your local police or bank to check who they are, use another phone or ensure the line has been fully disconnected by phoning a friend or relative first, or by waiting at least five minutes, otherwise you may think you've phoned a number, but you're simply talking to the fraudsters again. This is a common fraudsters' tactic.
 * If a caller asks you to type your bank PIN number into your telephone handset - do not do this, as fraudsters can use technology to identify the numbers.
 * You can opt out of many cold calls by registering for free with the Telephone Preference Service on 0845 070 0707.
