```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2020
title: Did you witness an attempted robbery in Borehamwood?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-attempted-robbery-in-borehamwood-0758
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Borehamwood.

 * ### The incident happened on Monday 12 October in Links Drive.

 * ### Two men reportedly tried to steal the victim's coat.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Borehamwood.

On Monday 12 October, at around 4.15pm, the victim was approached by two unknown men in Links Drive.

They threatened him, and attempted to steal his coat. They then left in the direction of Allum Lane.

The offenders were both white and are believed to be around 17 years old.

One was described as being 5ft 10ins tall, and was said to be wearing a long black coat which had distinctive red markings on it, with black tracksuit bottoms, black trainers and a black cap. The other was said to be wearing blue jeans and a grey hoodie.

DC Erik Gale, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully, nothing was stolen, but we want to identify these people in case they attempt to re-offend. If you were in the area at the time, and believe you may have witnessed this incident or the events leading up to or immediately after it, please get in contact.

"It is believed that the two offenders followed the victim from Elstree and Borehamwood train station. If you were there around the time specified and recall seeing two men who match the description above, or remember seeing two men acting suspiciously, please let us know.

"Any information, even something that may seem relatively minor or insignificant, could be key to our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact DC Gale directly via email at erik.gale@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/82198/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
