```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A body found in Stevenage last Saturday (5 October) has been identified as twenty year old Joy Morgan.
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2019
title: Body found in Stevenage identified as Joy Morgan
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/body-found-in-stevenage-identified-as-joy-morgan-0886
```

A body found in Stevenage last Saturday (5 October) has been identified as twenty year old Joy Morgan.

Police were called by a member of the public at 7.43am on Saturday 5 October to report they had found what they suspected to be a human body in Stevenage. The body was found in woodland off Chadwell Road, just outside of an area previously searched by officers.

Joy was last seen in Ilford on 26 December 2018 and in August this year, Shohfah El-Israel, aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, was found guilty of her murder. He is currently serving a life sentence with a minimum term of 17 years.

A post-mortem carried out on Tuesday (8 October) could not establish the cause of death and further tests will be carried out.

Detective Chief Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "My thoughts are with Joy's family at this difficult time and while nothing can end their pain, I hope that this gives them closure and I am glad that they will now have the opportunity to say goodbye to Joy."

Carol Morgan, Joy's mum, said: "Joy was so beautiful and completely lived up to her name - she brought joy to all our lives. Our family has been living a nightmare and we miss her so, so much. Joy was studying to be a midwife and would have graduated by now. I know she would have been amazing as a midwife. I was so proud of her and I always will be. She was our star."

Joy's family have requested for privacy at this difficult time.

If you have information that will be useful to officers, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
