```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV photos of two people they would like to speak to following a GBH in Woolmer Green.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2019
title: CCTV appeal following GBH in Woolmer Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-gbh-in-woolmer-green-2406b
```

* ### At 4.50pm on Saturday, December 8, a 41 year old man was assaulted in Longmead.

 * ### It is believed that those pictured were in the area at the time and could have vital information.

 * ### If you recognise them or have other information about the incident contact DC Sonja Townsend on 101 or at sonja.townsend@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/63989/18.

Officers have released CCTV photos of two people they would like to speak to following a GBH in Woolmer Green.

At 4.50pm on Saturday, December 8, a 41 year old man was assaulted in Longmead. He sustained a broken eye socket, broken nose and a fracture to his skull.

Detective Constable Sonja Townsend, who is investigating, said: "It is believed that the people pictured were in the area at the time of the incident and could have vital information that will assist in the investigation.

"If you recognise them, or have other information about the incident, please get in touch either through 101 or via email, quoting crime reference 41/63989/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
