```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Are you one of the 1,200-plus people who started your application to become a police officer in Hertfordshire but has yet to press \u2018submit\u2019?"
publish:
  date: 21 Sep 2020
title: "Want to be a police officer? It\u2019s time to finalise your application"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/want-to-be-a-police-officer-its-time-to-finalise-your-application-0651all
```

* ## Police officer applications close on Wednesday 30 September.

 * ## Well over 400 hopefuls have already applied to join our policing family.

 * ## More than 1,200 people still need to finish their application.

Are you one of the 1,200-plus people who started your application to become a police officer in Hertfordshire but has yet to press 'submit'?

Well, time is running out as applications close at the end of this month, so we are asking hopefuls to log on and finish what you started: the first step to a great career with the constabulary.

An amazing 2,613 people registered their interest in joining our policing family over the summer, with 1,238 starting to fill in the application.

"We've had around 442 application forms submitted so far but I know there are a lot of hopefuls out there who are keen to become police officers but need to set aside some time to finish their application," said Superintendent Ruth Dodsworth, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Workforce Development team. "An application to join us can't be done quickly so I appreciate candidates taking their time, but I don't want people missing out on the chance to join our next training courses."

She added: "We are particularly reaching out to our diverse communities and under-represented groups. We want our workforce to reflect the communities we serve and protect. It really is an incredible and hugely rewarding career, enabling you to make a real difference to your local community."

By joining Hertfordshire Constabulary, you experience the challenges of policing both rural and urban communities. You will receive first-class training and begin your policing service on the frontline responding to 101 and 999 calls. As you progress throughout your career you will have the opportunity to branch out and specialise in others areas of policing too. Throughout your service, you will be fully supported and the strong bonds and friendships you build with your colleagues will remain for life.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "It is great to see so many people interested in joining Hertfordshire Constabulary, it is testament to how well regarded it is as a professional and progressive service. We are continuing to build towards having the largest ever force in Hertfordshire's history. and I hope many of these applicants can be part of that record-breaking growth."

For more information about becoming a police officer and how to apply, visit.

Through our 'Positive Action' scheme, Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to building relationships with under-represented groups and encouraging them to join our policing family. For more information and support visit.
