```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses after a lump of concrete was thrown at the window of a home in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2020
title: Did you see man wearing distinctive hat in Stevenage?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-see-man-wearing-distinctive-hat-in-Stevenage-0613
```

* ### Do you see man wearing distinctive 'hat with googles' in Jessop Road?

 * ### He used a lump of concrete to damage a window

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police

Police are appealing for information and witnesses after a lump of concrete was thrown at the window of a home in Stevenage.

It happened at 11.14pm on Saturday, August 22 in Jessop Road and caused damage to a window.

The offender is described as a skinny man who was wearing a puffer jacket, jogging bottoms, Nike trainers and a distinctive hat with built in goggles. He may have also been wearing a face mask.

PCSO Chloe Scott said: "The offender is believed to have travelled to the street in a car and he was wearing a distinctive hat.

"I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen a man that night matching the description to get in touch."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/67387/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
