```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty to a burglary which occurred in Watford.
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2018
title: Burglar handed three year sentence
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglar-handed-three-year-sentence-1738C
```

* ### The burglary occurred at an address in Watford in December 2017.

 * ### The offender was traced through CCTV enquiries and identified by officers.

 * ### He pleaded guilty at Crown Court.

A man has been sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty to a burglary which occurred in Watford.

Aldo Jones, aged 51, of no fixed address in London, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, March 2.

At around 2.30pm on December 20, 2017, Jones entered a property in Cassiobury Drive via an unlocked back door and stole a handbag containing a purse, cash and various cards, among other items. He then attempted to use the bank card in the town centre but it was declined.

Officers trawled through CCTV footage to track Jones through the town and back to near the victim's address. He was subsequently identified by an officer from the Metropolitan Police Service and arrested.

Detective Sergeant Matt Waylett, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a great piece of partnership working between the two forces which has resulted in a burglar with previous convictions being put back behind bars. The victim was at home during the offence but thankfully didn't come into contact with Jones.

"I hope this sentence reassures people that we will do all we can to track down those who commit crimes in our town and bring them to justice."

Aldo Jones, aged 51
