```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2021
title: Indecent exposure in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/indecent-exposure-in-waltham-cross-1165k
```

* ### The incident occurred in Theobalds Park.

 * ### A man is reported to have touched himself inappropriately.

 * ### Officers are appealing for any further witnesses to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Waltham Cross.

The incident occurred in Theobalds Park, sometime between 3pm and 3.30pm on Friday 15 January.

A man was seen to indecently expose himself while standing in a bush, before touching himself inappropriately.

He is described as being a white male, aged in his mid-20s, with short blond hair and a very pale complexion. He was wearing a tracksuit with grey bottoms and possibly a navy/black top.

PC Mel Mehmet, who is investigating, said: "Understandably this incident has caused a great deal of distress to those who witnessed it. We've been following several lines of enquiry since the incident was reported to us, to try and identify the person involved.

"We have not had any further reports from members of the public, but I am appealing for anyone else who may have witnessed what happened and hasn't yet spoken to police to please come forward. Or perhaps you may have seen someone in the area matching the description given? Any information could assist our ongoing investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Mehmet.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/3723/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
