```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thousands of pounds of equipment has been stolen from a storage container in Colney Heath which police are linking to an attempted theft at stables in Nomansland in Wheathampstead.
publish:
  date: 1 May 2020
title: Police warn St Albans rural residents be aware of thieves
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-warn-st-albans-rural-residents-be-aware-of-thieves-0073f
```

* ## Thousands of pounds of equipment has been stolen from a storage container in Colney Heath which police are linking to an attempted theft in Wheathampstead.

 * ## Farmers and landowners reminded to regularly check their outbuildings, make sure they are secure and consider using CCTV or alarms.

 * ## Anyone with any information about the criminal damage and thefts are asked to report to via the online webchat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Thousands of pounds of equipment has been stolen from a storage container in Colney Heath which police are linking to an attempted theft at stables in Nomansland in Wheathampstead.

Detective Sergeant Tom Evans from the Local Crime Unit said: "We are working hard to identify the people responsible and are following a number of enquiries. In the meantime, we would like to remind farmers and landowners to regularly check their outbuildings, make sure they are secure and consider using CCTV or alarms."

Between 9.50am and 10.40am on Monday (April 27), thousands of pounds worth of equipment was stolen from a shipping container in Coursers Road, Colney Heath. A white van was seen at the time. Crime reference number 41/33597/20.
Between 5.30pm on Sunday April 26 and 8am on Monday April 27, criminal damage was caused to padlocked containers - one containing a tractor. Crime reference number 41/33469/20.

An alarm was activated in Nomansland, Wheathamstead on Monday (April 27) after offender(s) had cut an electric fence. Four offenders were seen on CCTV. Crime reference number 41/33665/20.

He said: "If you have any information about the thefts or know who may be responsible, please contact us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting for crime reference numbers above. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

For more detailed security advice, please visit or contact us on 101.

You can provide your feedback on what matters most to you about policing in Hertfordshire, even if you haven't called the force communications room, by texting the word 'echo', followed by your thoughts to 66099* or by visiting www.herts.police.uk/echo.
