```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2018
title: Appeal following assault in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-1737B
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### The incident happened in Howardsgate between 8.50pm and 9.10pm on Saturday, February 24.

 * ### If you can help, contact PC Anne Lopez on anne.lopez@herts.pnn.police.uk or 101, quoting crime reference B1/18/740.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Welwyn Garden City.

The incident happened in Howardsgate near the taxi rank by Carpet Right between 8.50pm and 9.10pm on Saturday, February 24.

The victim, a 26 year old man, was involved in a verbal altercation with a group of about 12 youths who were aged around 14 to 16 years old. One of the youths then threw a temporary barrier (from nearby maintenance works) at the victim. The group began to punch the victim and he fell to the floor where they continued to kick him.

Police officers on patrol came across the incident and detained one youth but the rest of the offenders had left the area.

PC Anne Lopez, who is investigating, said: "This incident happened in a busy area on a Saturday night so it is likely that there were many witnesses.

"I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and might have seen this incident to get in contact with me or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B1/18/740.

"You can also report information online ."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
