```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of approximately 600m of copper electrical wire from a telecoms sub-station in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following theft of copper electrical wire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-of-copper-electrical-wire-1226C
```

* ### Approximately 600m of copper electrical wire was stolen from a telecoms sub-station in Rickmansworth.

 * ### The theft occurred between 10pm on Sunday, November 19 and 5.30am on Monday, November 20.

 * ### Anyone with information should contact PC Jamie Cullen on 101, quoting crime reference C2/17/3553.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of approximately 600m of copper electrical wire from a telecoms sub-station in Rickmansworth.

Between 10pm on Sunday, November 19 and 5.30am on Monday, November 20, offenders gained access to Woodoaks Farm on Denham Way which spans from Maple Cross into Mill End. They then cut the fence of the sub-station site (located within the farm) and stole the wiring.

There are two possible access points to the farm that the offenders might have used - through the farmer's gate located off Denham Way (the A412) or the footpath track at the bottom of Long Lane, Mill End.

PC Jamie Cullen, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who saw anything suspicious in these areas between the times stated to get in touch. It is likely that the offenders used a large vehicle to carry the stolen goods. Did you see any suspicious vehicles in these areas?"

Anyone with any information should contact PC Cullen on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/17/3553 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
