```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged in connection with a series of mobile phone thefts in Three Rivers and St Albans.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: "Man charged in connection with theft series \u2013 Three Rivers and St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-in-connection-with-theft-series-three-rivers-and-st-albans-0735
```

* ### Boby-Ferma Stanescu, aged 27, of Havering Way, Barking, Greater London, has been charged with five counts of theft from person.

 * ### The charges relate to five separate incidents where phones were stolen across Three Rivers and St Albans.

 * ### One of the phones has been recovered and returned to its owner.

A man has been charged in connection with a series of mobile phone thefts in Three Rivers and St Albans.

Boby-Ferma Stanescu, aged 27, of Havering Way, Barking, Greater London, has been charged with five counts of theft from person.

These charges are in relation to the following five incidents where people had their mobile phones stolen from businesses in Rickmansworth, Chorleywood and St Albans.

 * **Friday 18 September** , when a Samsung phone was stolen from an optician on Uxbridge Road, Rickmansworth
 * **Saturday 19 September** , when a Samsung phone was stolen from a dry cleaner on Hatfield Road, St Albans
 * **Wednesday 23 September** , when a mobile phone was stolen from a hair salon on Main Parade, Chorleywood
 * **Wednesday 23 September** , when an iPhone 11 was stolen from a hair salon on the High Street, Rickmansworth
 * **Tuesday 1 October** , when a mobile phone was stolen from an optician on the High Street, Rickmansworth

Following the most recent offence on Tuesday 1 October, the police were called and officers attended. They detained and arrested three people - two men and a woman - before recovering a suspected stolen mobile phone. The device was later returned to its rightful owner.

PCSO Alan Waller, who was the first officer to attend, said: "There has been a lot of understandable concern in the community around this series of thefts so we are pleased to share this result with residents."

Stanescu has been remanded in custody and is next due to appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Monday 26 October.

 * A 26 year old woman, from Dagenham in Essex, was arrested on both suspicion of going equipped for theft and theft from person in connection with this series. She has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * A 28 year old man, also from Dagenham in Essex, was arrested on both suspicion of going equipped for theft and theft from person in connection with this series. He has since been released with no further action.
