```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) have joined Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team.
publish:
  date: 6 Apr 2018
title: Introducing three new PCSOs for Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Introducing-three-new-PCSOs-for-Hitchin-0015
```

* ### Three new PCSOs have joined police in North Herts

 * ### The PCSOs will be looking after the needs of their local communities

Three new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) have joined Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team.

Stuart Stone, Alex Bridge and Sam Halbert are part of the Safer Neighbourhood Team, which consists of PCSOs and PCs working within the community to improve the quality of life for residents and make the area safer by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB). The PCSOs joined the team after completing a six week training course.

Prior to joining the Constabulary PCSO Stuart Stone worked with disabled adults by helping them to live fulfilled lives within their homes and communities. He has responsibility for the Highbury and Walsworth areas of Hitchin.

He said: "I'm really pleased to be a PCSO as I enjoy the fact that every day is different and you never know what each shift is going to bring. I like being able to get out into the community, engaging with the public and providing them with reassurance and advice, and I'm looking forward to getting to know residents better.

"In particular, I want to tackle any anti-social behaviour and will engage with residents and local authorities to achieve this."

Before joining the Constabulary PCSO Sam Halbert worked for North Herts District Council promoting sport and exercise across North Herts. He has responsibility for Oughton.

He said: "I joined the Constabulary as I wanted a new challenge, to continue working within the community and to help people. I love that I get to speak to new people every day and no day is ever the same.

"I'm looking forward to getting to know the community well and to providing reassurance to residents by demonstrating there is a police presence in their local area. I'm also hoping to bring down levels of anti-social behaviour and engage as much as possible with different community groups."

Prior to joining the Constabulary PCSO Alex Bridge worked in Waitrose. He has responsibility for Priory in Hitchin.

He said: "I've always wanted to join the police so I thought I'd give being a PCSO a try. I enjoy the freedom the role brings by being out and about in my local area, patrolling and helping people.

"The town is diverse and busy, and something interesting is always happening, so I have to stay alert. One of my main aims is to cut down purse and shop thefts by stepping up my patrols in the area."

 **Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Stephen Oliphant said:** "Sam, Stuart and Alex are great assets to the Safer Neighbourhood Team in Hitchin and I am delighted to welcome them.

"Our team does a great deal of positive work in the community tackling offences that concern local people the most such as anti-social behaviour, burglary and motor vehicle crime. We also work hard to also identify people who may be vulnerable to crime and find solutions to help them. Sam, Stuart and Alex will also be out on their beats on proactive patrols, so they have a big role to play in being a visible deterrent to criminals."

You can contact Sam, Stuart and Alex direct via email Sam.Halbert@herts.pnn.police.uk , Stuart.Stone@herts.pnn.police.uk and Alex.Bridge@herts.pnn.police.uk or phone the non-emergency number 101 and ask for them. You can also speak to them on their airwaves radio if they are on duty. Dial 01707 354192 and say the name of the officer you wish to speak to. Always dial **999** in an emergency.
