```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision near Wheathampstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: Did you witness serious collision at crossroads near Wheathampstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-serious-collision-at-crossroads-near-Wheathampstead-1249F
```

* ### A red Suzuki Alto and a blue Audi A3 were in collision at the B651/Drovers Lane crossroads near Wheathampstead.

 * ### It happened at 10.20pm on Sunday, December 3.

 * ### Did you see anything? Please call 101 quoting ISR 716 of December 3.

Officers investigating a serious collision near Wheathampstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at the crossroads junction with the B651, Ferrers Lane and Drovers Lane at 10.20pm yesterday (Sunday, December 3).

For reasons unknown at this stage, a red Suzuki Alto and a blue Audi A3 were in collision.

As a result, the Suzuki overturned and came to rest in a ditch. All three occupants were taken to hospital with injuries, one of which is believed to have potentially life-changing consequences.

Sergeant Paul Stanbridge, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are currently working to establish exactly what happened in the lead up to this collision.

"The families of those injured have been informed and are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers. Two of the Suzuki's three occupants remain in serious but stable conditions in hospital.

"I am appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet spoken to us to please come forward. We are also keen to speak to you if you were in the area around the time stated and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle. You may have captured either vehicle prior to the collision.

"If you have any further information that you think could assist the investigation, please email me at paul.stanbridge@herts.pnn.police.uk, call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 716 of December 3, or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
