```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The girlfriend of a missing man who collapsed has thanked police, the ambulance service and members of the public in St Albans for helping him.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2020
title: Public and emergency services thanked for helping man in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/public-and-emergency-services-thanked-for-helping-man-in-st-albans-0148
```

* ### David was reported missing by his girlfriend earlier this month.

 * ### He had collapsed in Verulamium Park the previous day.

 * ### An off-duty nurse, police officers and members of the public came to his aid.

The girlfriend of a missing man who collapsed has thanked police, the ambulance service and members of the public in St Albans for helping him.

David, age 57, from Chiswell Green was reported missing on Thursday (14 May) by his girlfriend, Teresa, who lives in Portsmouth.

A search for David was carried out in Chiswell Green and in Verulamium Park where he had been running.

His photo was circulated to officers and PCSO Nigel Haggar from the St Albans Central, North and West Safer Neighbourhood Team suspected the man pictured was David, having seen him collapsed in Verulamium Park the previous morning.

He was unable to talk after being taken ill. Two members of the public were with him, another was calling for an ambulance and an off duty nurse was helping. He was taken to Watford General and later transferred to a London hospital.

PCSO Haggar was able to track down David at the London hospital with limited information and was able to reassure Teresa where he was.

PCSO Haggar met David and Teresa this week. He said: "They both thanked me profusely and requested that the good news story was made public, to thank myself and Intervention PCs Lauren Thompson and Liz Chisholm, as well as the other officers involved in trying to find David and the members of public at David's side, including the young female off duty nurse. Thankfully he has made an amazing recovery.

"I'm grateful for the intervention from the members of the public and off-duty nurse. It comes at a great time - simple acts of kindness go a long way, especially at the moment."
