```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following indecent exposure in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-walthamcross-2129k
```

* ### At around 8.15am on Thursday, 15 November a man indecently exposed himself outside Lidl in Waltham Cross.

 * ### The victim was driving her children to school when she saw the offender on the left hand side of her vehicle attempt to cross the High Street before pulling down his trousers.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/56411/18.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of indecent exposure in Waltham Cross.

At around 8.15am on Thursday 15 November, the victim was driving her children to school when she saw a male on the left hand side of her vehicle attempt to cross the road outside Lidl on the High Street.

While doing so, he pulled down his trousers and indecently exposed himself.

The offender is described as a tall white man with a spiky "punk" hairstyle.

PC Abigail Chalkright, who is investigating, said: "This was very distressing for the victim who has understandably been left shaken by what happened.

"I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened, or anyone who has information that can help the investigation, to get in contact with me.

"Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could prove to be significant for the investigation.

"You can contact me by calling the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101 or by emailing. Please make sure to quote crime reference 41/56411/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
