```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Stevenage on Wednesday, March 28.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-collision-in-Stevenage-0032E
```

* ### The incident happened in Foxfield at the junction with Featherston Road just before 6.30pm.

 * ### A white car was involved in a collision with an 11 year old boy.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact the BCH Road Policing Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 631 of March 28.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Stevenage on Wednesday, March 28.

The incident happened in Foxfield at the junction with Featherston Road just before 6.30pm.

A white car was involved in a collision with an 11 year old boy.

The vehicle failed to stop at the scene and officers would like to trace the driver to establish exactly what happened.

PC Paul Armitage from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "Luckily, the victim suffered only minor injuries but he was understandably very shaken up.

"Did you see a white car leave the scene? I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or events leading up to it, to please get in touch.

"We have yet to speak to the driver so I am appealing for them to come forward so that we can establish the circumstances of the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the BCH Road Policing Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 631 of March 28. You can also report information online.
