```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged and remanded in connection with a stabbing in Watford.
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2020
title: "Two charged and remanded in connection with stabbing \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-stabbing-watford-1938
```

* ### Adrian Macleod (18), from Bushey, and Boothe O'Dean (20), from London, have been charged in connection with a stabbing in Watford

 * ### They have been remanded in custody and are due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court later today (10 February)

 * ### The incident happened in Watford High Street at 4.45pm on Friday 7 February

Two men have been charged and remanded in connection with a stabbing in Watford.

Adrian Macleod, aged 18, of Bushey, has been charged with Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH).

Boothe O'Dean, aged 20, of White Hart Lane, Tottenham, London, was charged with Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH) and possession of a class B drug.

Both have been remanded in custody and are due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court later today (Monday 10 February).

The charges are in connection with an incident on Watford High Street at 4.45pm on Friday 7 February, where a 19-year-old man suffered a stab wound to the chest.

The victim was taken to hospital where he received treatment for his injury, and he is now recovering at home.

If you have any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference 41/11692/20.

You can email Detective Sergeant Darren Machin at darren.machin@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
