```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A domestic abuser from South Oxhey was jailed on Tuesday (July 31) for assaulting and controlling his former partner.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2018
title: Domestic abuser from South Oxhey jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Domestic-abuser-from-South-Oxhey-jailed-0597
```

* ### Domestic abuser jailed for 18 months

 * ### Lee Blount assaulted and controlled his victim

 * ### Anyone affected by domestic abuse can call the Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or visit www.HertsSunflower.org for access to support

A domestic abuser from South Oxhey was jailed on Tuesday (July 31) for assaulting and controlling his former partner.

Lee Blount's ex was forced to flee her flat in South Oxhey on February 21 this year fearing that he was going to damage property. The following investigation revealed his controlling and abusive behaviour towards her.

On one occasion he had set fire to bedding while she was in bed. He slept on the floor by her front door to stop her leaving the flat and damaged her phone to stop her contacting other people. He also punched her, pulled her hair and spat in her face. He even cut tops off of plants that the she had been growing and damaged other property.

Witnesses told detectives investigating that they had concerns about bruising on the victim's face and had held fears for her safety.

At St Albans Crown Court, 35-year-old Blount, previously of no fixed address, eventually pleaded guilty to coercive and controlling behaviour causing serious alarm and distress, three counts of assault against her and one of criminal damage.

He also pleaded guilty to two counts of administering a noxious substance against the police officers who had arrested him. During the arrest he had turned violent and managed to get hold of officers' PAVA spray to use it against them.

He was jailed for a total of 18 months and issued with a five year restraining order stopping him from contacting his ex-partner.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax said: "The victim took in Blount when he was homeless and living on the streets. He repaid her by slowly taking control of her life, as well as assaulting her and damaging her property. Eventually it all came to a head and she had to flee from her own home to get help.

"Domestic abuse is not just about violence. Coercive and controlling behaviour is a crime too and our investigation and ultimately the jail sentence given to Blount shows how seriously it is taken by the law."

The victim, who wishes not to be named, said: "I would like to encourage other people who are in the situation I was in to be brave and speak out. I received support from the police and the Women's Centre in Watford which has really helped me. You have to believe in yourself and that things can get better."

The victim has been supported by specially trained officers from the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU). The unit leads the Force's response to domestic abuse and deals with investigations into violence, controlling and coercive behaviour, psychological and financial abuse within intimate relationships.

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website www.HertsSunflower.org.
