```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating a sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are trying to trace members of the public who came to the assistance of the victim."
publish:
  date: 30 Dec 2019
title: "Appeal for information following sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-bishops-stortford-1221
```

* ### The incident occurred in the early hours of Saturday 21 December.

 * ### Officers are trying to trace two people who helped the victim.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to get in contact.

Detectives investigating a sexual assault in Bishop's Stortford are trying to trace members of the public who came to the assistance of the victim.

The incident occurred during the early hours of Saturday 21 December, in the South Road area, near the Shell garage and driving test centre.

Detective Inspector Adele Hopkin, who is overseeing the investigation, said: "The victim, a man aged in his 30s, has been left traumatised by what happened and has only just felt able to consent to this appeal being released. He is being supported by specially trained officers at what continues to be an extremely difficult time for him.

"Meanwhile, we have been carrying out extensive enquiries since the incident was reported to us and we are appealing for anyone who may have information about what happened to please get in touch as soon as possible.

"In particular, we would like to trace a male and female who sat with the victim and helped him to make phone calls. If this was you, please contact us."

She added: "Incidents such as this are very rare and I would like to reassure people we are doing all we can to trace the person responsible."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/114268/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
