```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "More than 80 vehicles were stopped by police as Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion team led a crackdown on suspected criminals using the local road network."
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2019
title: Broxbourne police lead crackdown on travelling criminality
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/broxbourne-police-lead-crackdown-on-travelling-criminality-2706k
```

* ### On Tuesday, March 5 officers stopped more than 80 vehicles in Waltham Cross as part of an ANPR operation.

 * ### Four people were arrested during the operation and 17 stop and searches were conducted.

 * ### Ten vehicles were seized for a number of offences and drivers reported.

More than 80 vehicles were stopped by police as Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion team led a crackdown on suspected criminals using the local road network.

The operation ran between 10am and 4pm on Tuesday, March 5 and utilised Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology. These were static cameras and cameras fitted to both marked and unmarked police vehicles.

Officers patrolled the area near to the A10 and M25 and the borders of neighbouring Essex and London. Vehicles were then directed to a car park near the Lee Valley White Water Centre where officers spoke with drivers about any potential offences.

Four people were arrested during the operation. Two were arrested as they were wanted. Another was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drugs. The final person was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon, possession of criminal property and driving whilst unfit through drugs.

Seventeen stop and searches were conducted. One person was issued with a cannabis warning.

Ten vehicles were seized for a number of offences, including not having appropriate insurance in place. Their drivers were reported for these offences and will likely receive either a fine, points on their licence or both.

The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) dealt with nine vehicles for tax offences.

The operation was run in partnership with a dog unit from the National Crime Agency, Essex Police, the DVLA and Trading Standards. The Operation Scorpion team were also joined by colleagues from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit and Special Constabulary.

PC George Connolly from Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion team organised the operation. He said: "Multi-agency operations such as these are an important way of disrupting and deterring criminals entering our county, particularly those suspected of being involved serious acquisitive crime, such as burglary, drug and vehicle crime.

"We tried to minimise the disruption caused to innocent motorists and we're grateful for their understanding. We will continue these operations to show that Broxbourne - and Hertfordshire - are hostile places for criminals."
