```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was punched in the face during an unprovoked attack in Royston.
publish:
  date: 25 Jul 2019
title: Assault in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-royston-0535g
```

* ### Witnesses sought after a man was punched in the face in Royston.

 * ### The incident took place around 11pm on Friday, 12 July.

 * ### Anyone who witnessed the assault is encouraged to call 101 and quote 41/63555/19.

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was punched in the face during an unprovoked attack in Royston.

The incident took place at around 11pm on Friday, 12 July.

A 40-year-old man was sitting in Priory Gardens eating fish and chips when he was approached by a teenage boy and a female who talked to him and he shared chips with them.

As the victim left the gardens, he was punched on his right cheek from behind.

The victim then walked onto Newmarket Road where he was followed by the teenage boy and a large group of males.

A passer-by stopped their vehicle and gave the man a lift home.

The suspect is described as a white boy, aged around 14 and wearing a grey hoodie.

PC Charlie Boot, of the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was a nasty unprovoked assault on a lone male by a member of a group of teenagers **.** Please contact me if you witnessed the incident or were the kind people who assisted the victim and gave him a lift home."

If you have any information that could assist the investigation email or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/63555/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
