```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Partial Closure Order was issued by police at an address in Buttermere Close in St Albans yesterday morning after residents reported anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use at the property.
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2018
title: Partial Closure Order put on St Albans address
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/partial-closure-order-put-on-stalbans-address-1895F
```

* ### A Closure Order was issued by police at an address in Buttermere Close in St Albans

 * ### Residents had reported anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use at the property.

 * ### Before the order was issued, officers carried out a drugs warrant at the address and two people were arrested.

A Partial Closure Order was issued by police at an address in Buttermere Close in St Albans yesterday morning after residents reported anti-social behaviour and suspected drug use at the property.

Before the order was issued, officers carried out a drugs warrant at the address at 6.40am. A man and a woman, both aged in their 20's, were arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A and Class B drugs. A dog, suspected to be a pit bull, was also seized under the Dangerous Dogs Act.

Officers from the London Colney, St Stephens and St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Team worked with officers from the Operation Scorpion team, who deal with people involved in drugs, and Joint Protective Services, who were there to seize the dog.

London Colney, St Stephen and St Albans East Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Williams said: "We received a number of calls from residents and yesterday morning, we were able to act on that information. We have also seized a dog, which we suspect to be a banned breed."

St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche added: "I'm really proud of the continued efforts my officers put in to making the district a safer place to live, work and visit. I would ask all residents to call the police to report suspicious activity or information relating to crime in an effort to combat drug supply and use. You are the eyes and ears of the police and we are reliant on the information you provide to support operations like this."

The Closure Order is in place until January 2019 and only the tenants and one other named person can live at the property. A breach is of the Order is a Criminal Offence under Section 80 of the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

St Albans City and District Council provided evidence to help police to obtain the drugs warrant. Principal Community Protection Officer Neil Kieran, added: "This is a great example of the close working relationship we have with the police. The council will support action to make sure our properties are not used for drug taking or anti-social behaviour."
