```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating three robberies in Hemel Hempstead are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following robberies in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-robberies-in-hemel-hempstead-0334
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into three robberies in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### They happened between 2.45pm and 5.45pm on May 21

 * ### If you know the person pictured, please contact police quoting reference 41/45560/19

Officers investigating three robberies in Hemel Hempstead are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

The offences all happened on the afternoon of Tuesday, May 21 between 2.45pm and 5.45pm.

The first occurred in Glamis Place at around 2.35pm where a 16 year old boy's mobile phone, headphones and bank card were stolen. The victim was pushed to the floor.

The second offence occurred in Waterhouse Street, at the bus stop near to Barclays Bank, at around 3.40pm when the victim - a man aged in his 20s - was approached by an offender who asked him for directions before snatching his mobile phone and walking off.

The final offence happened in the Water Gardens at around 5.45pm where the offender attempted to take from the victim - a man aged in his 30's - his mobile phone however, he managed to fight the offender off.

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, who is investigating, said: "I appreciate that these images are not the best quality but I'm appealing for anyone who recognises this man to please get in touch. We believe he was in the area around the time of the robberies and may have information that can assist our investigation.

"If you witnessed any of these robberies and have not yet spoken to police, please also get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact DC Spiers by emailing _peter.spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here:_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ 41/45560/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
