```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have launched an investigation after an incident in Harpenden where a man allegedly impersonated a police officer.
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2018
title: Appeal after a man allegedly impersonated a police officer - Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-a-man-allegedly-impersonated-a-police-officer-harpenden-0372F
```

* ### Man approached two cyclists while driving a silver Vauxhall Vectra with blue lights fitted to the front.

 * ### He told them their cycling was illegal and became involved in a disagreement before driving off.

 * ### This happened on the High Street in Harpenden between 7.30pm and 8pm on Friday, June 1

Officers have launched an investigation after an incident in Harpenden where a man allegedly impersonated a police officer.

It happened on the High Street between 7.30pm and 8pm on Friday, June 1.

A man in a silver Vauxhall Vectra with blue lights fitted to the front pulled up alongside two cyclists, both men.

He told them that their cycling was illegal and became involved in a disagreement with them before driving off.

PC Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "Posing as a police officer is a serious offence. However, I want to reassure residents that this type of incident is unusual in Harpenden and we are following several lines of enquiry.

"We are keen to speak to any members of the public who believe they have been stopped by or have had conversations with a man driving a silver Vauxhall Vectra. If so, has he activated flashing blue lights or claimed to be a police officer?

"Genuine police officers will always properly identify themselves in this type of situation. They will be identifiable by their uniform, or if they are in plain clothes then they will produce a warrant card."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Lomax by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/6679/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 45-year-old man from Luton has been arrested on suspicion of impersonating a police officer and has been released on bail while enquiries continue.
