```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Borehamwood are urging members of the public to help tackle anti-social driving in the town by sharing video footage of offences they see.
publish:
  date: 8 Jul 2020
title: Help us tackle anti-social driving in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Help-us-tackle-anti-social-driving-inBorehamwood-0318J
```

* ### Anti-social driving a priority for Borehamwood Safer Neighbourhood Team

 * ### Operations are on-going to tackle the issue

 * ### The public are asked to share footage of incidents to help

Officers in Borehamwood are urging members of the public to help tackle anti-social driving in the town by sharing video footage of offences they see.

The issue of anti-social (or careless) driving, which is a style of driving that puts other road users in danger, was found to be of concern by residents through the feedback system echo, and through calls to the Constabulary control room.

It has since been made a Safer Neighbourhood Team priority.

Officers have already been working to tackle the issue by conducting speed enforcement on the roads. They've also been patrolling the 'hot spot' areas and working to identify offenders.

PCSO Natalie Lancaster from the Borehamwood and Elstree Safer Neighbourhood Team is leading the response to the issue. She said: "We listened to residents about what concerns them most and this came up repeatedly and so it will be a focus for the team.

"We will not accept this type of behaviour and will do all we can to tackle it. Work has already begun with proactive operations, however, it's fair to say that we cannot be everywhere at all times. That's why we are asking people who capture this type of activity on video to send it to us. You might have captured it on your dash cam or mobile phone. We will review the footage and take enforcement action where we can. I would ask people not to put themselves in any danger to take footage though. It's more important to be safe."

If you capture incidents, they can be easily sent to the team using the following link: https://www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report-Shared/Report-anti-social-driving-with-video-evidence

If the crime is happening or someone is in danger dial 999 immediately.

You can follow @hertsmerepolice on Twitter and @HertsmerePolice on Facebook for regular updates from the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Borehamwood using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-bw and have your say.
