```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A number of drivers were spoken to and a vehicle was seized as part of a traffic operation in Watford on Wednesday (March 21).
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2018
title: Tickets issued and vehicle seized during traffic operation in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Tickets-issued-and-vehicle-seized-during-traffic-operation-in-Watford-1834C
```

* ### Safer Neighbourhood Team officers targeted four roads which had been highlighted as problem locations.

 * ### Several drivers were spoken to about their speed.

 * ### Further operations will be carried out in due course.

A number of drivers were spoken to and a vehicle was seized as part of a traffic operation in Watford on Wednesday (March 21).

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team targeted four roads which had been highlighted by councillors and residents as problem locations for speeding and contravening road signs.

In Watford Fields, officers were specifically looking for drivers using mobile phones and/or not wearing a seatbelt.

In Thomas Sawyer Way there had been numerous reports of vehicles speeding and using it as a cut through to avoid the town centre, despite it being clearly marked as no entry, except for emergency services vehicles.

Speeding had been highlighted as a concern in Meridan Way, approaching the shops from Westlea Avenue and North Approach following a recent incident near a school.

During the operation one vehicle was seized for not having insurance and two Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) were issued to drivers for not wearing a seatbelt and contravening a no entry sign. A further 25 motorists were stopped and given strong words of advice about their driving.

PCSO Nicola Peatey, who organised the event alongside PCSO Marc Abbott, said: "The main objective of Operation Roadrunner was to spread awareness among drivers and monitor the issues that had been raised by councillors and residents. This operation allowed us to assess the highlighted problems and plan for more hard-hitting action going forward.

"Excess speed is one of the four main causes of traffic collisions; next time you put your foot on the accelerator in order to save some time, think about how you would feel if you caused a collision that seriously injured someone, or worse."

Anyone who receives a Traffic Offence Report could face points on their licence, a fixed penalty or a court hearing.

** **

Tickets issued and vehicle seized during traffic operation in Watford
