```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 3 Jun 2019
title: Did you witness an assault in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-watford-0311
```

* ### Did you witness an assault at a pub on Bushey Mill Lane on the evening of June 1?

 * ### Two men in their 20s suffered lacerations to their faces which required hospital treatment

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/49389/19

Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at the Tudor Arms pub on Bushey Mill Lane just before 9.50pm on Saturday, June 1.

It was reported that a number of people became involved in a physical altercation inside the premises before the disorder spilled outside.

Officers immediately attended and dispersed the crowd, before talking to a number of people at the scene.

During the incident, two men in their 20s suffered lacerations to their faces. They were taken to hospital for treatment and discharged a few hours later.

Detective Sergeant Chris Parperi, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "The disorder happened on an evening where emotions were running high due to the Champions League final.

"We know at least two people suffered injuries as a result, however we believe there were more and we are now trying to identify further victims. If you were injured but have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch.

"We are following a number of lines of enquiry and are now in possession of footage that has been shared on social media, which appears to show the incident.

"We would ask that people please refrain from sharing this footage any further as it now forms part of our investigation.

"If you witnessed what happened but have not yet spoken to police, or have any information or mobile phone footage that could assist the investigation, please contact us as soon as possible quoting reference 41/49389/19."

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here: _www.herts.police.uk/contact_

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
