```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have released an image of a man they are looking to identify following an attempted delivery scam in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following delivery scam in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-delivery-scam-in-hatfield-1061
```

* ### Appeal for information regarding a delivery scam in Hatfield

 * ### Resident received a phone they hadn't ordered

 * ### A courier attempted to collect the phone

Police have released an image of a man they are looking to identify following an attempted delivery scam in Hatfield.

A resident in Hatfield received a package containing an iPhone 12 that they had not ordered. They contacted the company that despatched the device and was told it was a scam and to not hand the device over to anyone. At around 3.20pm on Wednesday 6 January, a man called at the address asking for the iPhone. The resident refused and the man left empty handed.

PC Chloe Tomkins who is investigating, said: "We are appealing for witnesses and information about this incident. The person pictured was in the area at the time of the offence and may have information that could assist in the investigation. If you recognise the person in the photo please get in touch, I appreciate the image is not the clearest, however if you know this person you may recognise them or their clothing from it.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at chloe.tomkins@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/1283/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

** **
