```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating reports of verbal abuse in Turnford have released images of three men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Images released following verbal abuse in Turnford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-released-following-verbal-abuse-in-turnford-md2466
```

Officers investigating reports of verbal abuse in Turnford have released images of three men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

At around 4.20pm on October 21, three men shouted at two women who had parked in front of their vehicle in Huron Road and made threats to commit criminal damage.

The women said they were happy to move their car but the three men continued to threaten the pair and one man shouted: "I'm going to rip off the bumper of your car. I'm going to smash your windows."

The men drove off after a member of the public said they would call the police.

PC Richard Webster said: "We have conducted significant enquiries into this incident and we are now appealing to the public to help us identify the three men pictured as they may be able to assist our investigation.

"Two of the men pictured were in a blue Toyota Yaris, and the third man was riding a moped scooter.

"The three men may have links to the Enfield and Edmonton areas.

"If you recognise them or have any information please email me on richard.webster@herts.pnn.police.uk or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/48893/18."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
