```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a common assault in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2020
title: Did you witness common assault in Hertford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-common-assault-in-hertford-0031a
```

* ## A 16-year-old boy was spat at by a man while out cycling.

 * ## The man then revealed an object, believed to be a knife.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police investigating a common assault in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred sometime between 3.15pm and 3.30pm on Sunday (12 April).

A 16-year-old boy was cycling along the rural section of London Road, between Hertford and Hertford Heath, when he saw a man standing on the side of the road.

As he cycled past him, the man spat towards the victim and started shouting and swearing at him. He then lifted up his top to reveal a silver object, which the victim believed to be a knife, before running towards him.

The victim cycled off and was uninjured during the incident.

The suspect is described as white, aged in his 30s, of tall build, with strawberry blond hair in a 'buzz cut'. He was wearing black tracksuit bottoms, a black top with a white Puma logo on the chest and white trainers.

PC Luke Smith said: "I fully appreciate that there would have been far fewer people in the area at the time of the incident, due to the social distancing measures currently in place. However, if you were out and about at the time and saw what happened, or think you may have seen the suspect, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/29874/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

**If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.**
