```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been found guilty of the murder of Jamil Sarki at St Albans Crown Court today (Thursday, July 5) and two others have been found guilty of manslaughter.
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2018
title: Man found guilty of Jamil Sarki murder and two convicted of manslaughter
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-found-guilty-of-Jamil-Sarki-murder-and-two-convicted-of-manslaughter-0478MD
```

* ### 23 year old Jamil, from Romford, was stabbed in the Ethelred Close area of Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18

 * ### Daniel Frazer-Traille, aged 29, of Jasmine Gardens, Hatfield, has been found guilty of murder and attempted GBH

 * ### Two other men have been found guilty of manslaughter

A man has been found guilty of the murder of Jamil Sarki at St Albans Crown Court today (Thursday, July 5) and two others have been found guilty of manslaughter.

23 year old Jamil, from Romford, was stabbed in the Ethelred Close area of Welwyn Garden City at around 10.20pm on Thursday, January 18.

Jamil was found wounded nearby in Ludwick Way, having sustained a fatal stab wound to his heart and two stab wounds to his arm. He was pronounced dead at the scene.

Jamil's friend was also assaulted during the incident and sustained a hip injury.

Daniel Frazer-Traille, aged 29, of Jasmine Gardens, Hatfield, has been found guilty of murder and attempted GBH.

Two other men have been found guilty of manslaughter and attempted GBH. They are:

 * Vinnie Bradshaw, aged 19, of Bassingburn Walk, Welwyn Garden City
 * Keith Coventry, aged 35, of The Close, Chingford

The court heard how Vinnie Bradshaw had travelled to London in order to collect money from an associate on Thursday, January 18. He arrived back in Welwyn Garden City later that day.

In the evening, Jamil and his friend travelled from East London to Welwyn Garden City, to recover the money from Vinnie on behalf of another person.

During the meet-up to handover the money, an altercation ensued which cost Jamil his life.

Detective Inspector Phil Moss, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "The jury have today found a man guilty of murder and have convicted two others of manslaughter and, while nothing will make up for the loss of Jamil, I hope that his family feel that some justice has been served.

"The tragic way in which Jamil lost his life highlights the dangers that carrying a knife can bring, and I hope that it makes anyone who might be tempted to carry a knife, think differently about doing so."

If you need to share information with us or have any concerns about knife crime, please report this either on our website at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or anonymously by contacting CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111 or at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. Always call 999 in an emergency or if a crime is in progress.

 * John Taycur, aged 18, of Longmore Gardens, Welwyn Garden City, who was charged with murder and GBH, was cleared of the charges during the trial.

Daniel Frazer-Traille
