```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire\u2019s Missing Person Team is issuing a Christmas appeal directly to a long-term missing woman from St Albans."
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Christmas appeal to trace long-term missing woman from St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/christmas-appeal-to-trace-long-term-missing-woman-from-st-albans-1005f
```

* ## Hertfordshire's Missing Person Team are appealing directly to long-term missing woman Modelene Wobidike.

 * ## Modelene was last seen in St Albans in August and it's thought she has travelled to the Reigate area of Surrey.

 * ## She lives a transient lifestyle and also has links to Watford and areas of London.

Hertfordshire's Missing Person Team is issuing a Christmas appeal directly to a long-term missing woman from St Albans.

Modelene Wobidike, aged 39, was last seen in the city centre at 3.50pm on Saturday 22 August, and enquiries suggest that she may now be in the Reigate area of Surrey.

She is described as black, of medium build and 5ft 2in tall.

Modelene was last seen wearing a black dress. She often wears a headscarf, and ornate jewellery such as bangles and rings.

Jenny Brown, manager of the Force's Missing Person Team, said: "For the last few months since Modelene went missing, we have been working hard to try and trace her in collaboration with our colleagues in Surrey Police.

"Now we are approaching Christmas and the weather is getting colder, it is even more vital that we locate Modelene and ensure she is safe and well.

"We have received several unconfirmed sightings of Modelene but these suggest that she is not unkempt in appearance so we believe she is being sheltered somewhere.

"Modelene, if you see this appeal I urge you to get in touch. You are not in any trouble, we just want to make sure that you are OK.

Modelene is vulnerable and lives a transient lifestyle, meaning she has links to Horley, Redhill and Reigate in Surrey, as well as Watford, South London, Central London and the West End.

If you are in Surrey and believe you are with Modelene now or have seen her in the last few moments, please call Surrey Police on 101.

If you are in Hertfordshire, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on 101.
