```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are urging residents to remain vigilant following a number of burglaries in Three Rivers, during which Asian Gold has been stolen.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2017
title: Advice issued following Asian Gold burglaries in Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Advice-issued-following-Asian-Gold-burglaries-in-ThreeRivers-1278C
```

* ### Police patrols have been increased following burglaries in Three Rivers.

 * ### Asian Gold has been targeted.

 * ### Residents are being advised to review their home security.

Police are urging residents to remain vigilant following a number of burglaries in Three Rivers, during which Asian Gold has been stolen.

Detective Inspector Mike Hanson said: "Since the nights have drawn in we have unfortunately seen a rise in burglary across Three Rivers, particularly in the Abbots Langley and Rickmansworth areas. We have increased patrols which has had an immediate effect, with crime levels reducing over the past week. This police presence will continue over the Christmas period.

"I would like to remind people to please ensure they are taking all possible steps to keep their homes and belongings secure, especially if you have a large collection of valuable jewellery. If you have made a significant investment, it makes sense to take all possible precautions to protect these items. All valuables should be kept in a good quality safe which complies with official insurance rating standards and is secured to a wall or floor."

He continued: "Burglars tend to target homes which are empty so it's a good idea to use a timer switch to turn on a light, radio or TV when it gets dark, to make it look like someone is home. Consider installing some of the new security devices which have come onto the market and, more simply, please ensure that all windows and doors are fully locked and secure when leaving the property.

"If you witness any suspicious activity please report it to police straight away and always dial 999 if you see a crime in progress."

Anyone with information about the burglaries is asked to contact the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

For further advice visit.

To receive alerts about crimes in your local area and associated crime prevention advice visit.
