```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield have released an e-fit of the suspect they would like to identify.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2018
title: E-fit released following robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/E-fit-released-following-robbery-in-Hatfield
```

* ### E-Fit released following robbery in St Albans Road West, Hatfield.

 * ### A man, aged in his 20s, was threatened in the street and handed over a small amount of cash before the offender walked off.

 * ### The victim was shaken but not harmed.

Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield have released an e-fit of the suspect they would like to identify.

It happened in St Albans Road West just after 5.30pm on Tuesday, December 26, 2017, close to the Hatfield Swim Centre.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was approached from behind by the offender, who verbally threatened him.

The victim handed over two £5 notes before the offender walked off in the direction of St Peters Close.

PC Lisa Williams, who is investigating, said: "The victim was left shaken by what happened but thankfully he was not injured. I want to reassure the community that we are doing everything we can to identify who is responsible. Do you recognise the person pictured?"

If you know the person pictured, or have any further information that may assist the investigation, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/17/6304, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
