```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an indecent exposure in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: Indecent exposure in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/indecent-exposure-in-watford-0294c
```

* ## The incident occurred on a footpath near The Grove.

 * ## Officers are keeping an open mind as to whether it is linked to an incident the previous day.

 * ## Patrols have been increased.

Police investigating an indecent exposure in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred on a footpath leading from The Grove to Hempstead Road, between 5.20pm and 5.30pm on Thursday 18 June.

A woman was walking along the path when she sensed someone behind her. She turned around to find a man had indecently exposed himself.

The man has been described as Asian, aged in his late 30s, around 5ft 10in tall and of slim build. He was wearing a blue tracksuit, with a red T-shirt underneath and sunglasses.

Detective Constable Charlie Mclaughlin, who is investigating, said: "This was a distressing incident for the woman and we are making enquiries to trace the suspect. As this time, we are keeping an open mind as to whether it may be linked to a similar incident which occurred in the area the following evening and patrols have been increased.

"If you have witnessed anything similar or have any information which may help us to identify this man, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/47792/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
