```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Sixty year old Philip Preston, of no fixed address, was sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty to burglary at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, October 27.
publish:
  date: 3 Nov 2017
title: Man jailed for Cheshunt burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-Cheshunt-burglary-1101K
```

* ### Burglar jailed for three years

 * ### 60 year old burglar broke into Cheshunt flat

 * ### Sentenced at St Albans Crown Court

Sixty year old Philip Preston, of no fixed address, was sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty to burglary at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, October 27.

The burglary happened on Wednesday September, 27, 2017 when Preston climbed through an open living room window at a flat in Shortmead Drive, Cheshunt. The occupant, who was asleep on the sofa, woke to find the intruder who ran out of the front door. After being chased by his victim he was detained by police shortly afterwards.

**Detective Inspector for Broxbourne Tom Leeks said** "We are pleased with the outcome of this sentencing. Preston took advantage of an insecure property, but luckily the victim was at home and prevented their valuables being stolen.

"As the nights draw in I would urge residents to take every possible step to keep their home secure, even if you live in a flat. Locking windows and doors and keeping valuables out of sight will go a long way to deterring opportunistic thieves.

"We hope that the significant amount of time he is due to spend in prison will give him time to consider the consequences of his criminality. I also hope that the significant length of this sentencing sends out a clear message to anyone considering committing burglary in Hertfordshire."
