```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two brothers who carried out an unprovoked attack on a man outside a bar in Ware leaving him with serious head injuries have between them been sentenced to a total of 14 years in prison.
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2018
title: Brothers jailed for unprovoked attack outside bar - Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Brothers-jailed-for-unprovoked-attack-outside-bar-Ware-2032
```

Two brothers who carried out an unprovoked attack on a man outside a bar in Ware leaving him with serious head injuries have between them been sentenced to a total of 14 years in prison.

Robbie Hasell, aged 30, and Rikki Hasell, aged 26, both of High Road in Broxbourne, assaulted a man outside The Lodge bar on May 18 this year. They had both been ejected from the venue earlier in the evening for fighting and had repeatedly tried to get back into the bar during the course of the evening.

The victim - aged in his 30s - was punched in the face by the brothers causing him to fall to the ground. The court heard that Rikki then kicked the man in the face.

As a result of the attack, the victim fell unconscious and suffered multiple facial fractures, a bleed on the brain and broken teeth.

Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary identified the brothers from CCTV and witness statements, and they were subsequently publicised as being wanted by police. The pair were arrested later that month.

At the time of the attack Rikki was on bail for another assault, which occurred last year in Hertford.

In the early hours of October 14, 2017 violence involving a number of people erupted outside Cinnabar in Fore Street. CCTV footage captured Rikki kicking the victim in the head as he attempted to get to his feet after being knocked to the ground by another person.

Door staff managed to stop the violence before carrying the man, aged in his 20s, back to the bar for medical treatment. He was unconscious and had suffered a fractured skull and multiple bleeds to the brain.

Rikki was arrested a short time later not far from where the incident happened.

The victims in both incidents have since been discharged from hospital but they are both continuing to receive medical treatment as part of their on-going recovery.

At St Albans Crown Court in October, Robbie pleaded guilty to a charge of Section 20 wounding, while Rikki pleaded guilty to a charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent on May 18, 2018, and causing grievous bodily harm with intent on October 14, 2017.

They appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (November 2) where Robbie was sentenced to four years in prison and Rikki was sentenced to 10 years behind bars.

Speaking following the sentencing hearing, investigating officer Detective Constable Shaun Turner said: "The Hasell brothers are both violent individuals who think nothing of punching and kicking their victims leaving them with serious and life changing injuries.

"Rikki was on bail at the time of the second offence and, despite knowing the significant injuries he had caused to his first victim, he went on to behave in an extremely violent manner with no thought of the consequences.

"I hope they both take time in prison to think about their actions and the lasting impact they have had on their victims."

Robbie Hasell Rikki Hasell
