```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following criminal damage to a car in Watford.
publish:
  date: 4 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following criminal damage to vehicle
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-criminal-damage-to-vehicle-0010C
```

* ### The incident happened on the A41 (Colne Way) on Sunday, March 25 at 5.30pm.

 * ### The victim was driving along the road and as she passed under a footbridge, two young males threw items at her vehicle.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with other information, including dash cam footage, should contact PC Cunningham on 101 or daniel.cunningham@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Police are appealing for witnesses following criminal damage to a car in Watford.

The incident happened on the A41 (Colne Way) on Sunday, March 25 at 5.30pm.

At this time, the victim - a 46 year old woman, was driving along the road and as she passed under a footbridge, two young males threw items at her vehicle, causing damage to the windscreen and the driver's side window.

Both the offenders then ran off in the direction of Dodd Road.

PC Daniel Cunningham, who is investigating, said: "Luckily the victim was not injured but she was understandably very shaken up. Thankfully she was able to keep control of her vehicle but this was a dangerous act that could have had devastating consequences.

"I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and might have seen this incident to please get in touch. Similarly, if you have dash cam footage that could be useful please do let me know."

Anyone with information should contact PC Cunningham on the non-emergency number 101 or by email, quoting crime reference C4/18/867. You can also report information online .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
