```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield South Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting an event at King George V Playing Fields in Beehive Lane, Welwyn Garden City, this Saturday (April 20).
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2019
title: Meet your local police officers at King George V Playing Fields
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-local-police-officers-at-king-george-v-playing-fields
```

The Welwyn Hatfield South Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting an event at King George V Playing Fields in Beehive Lane, Welwyn Garden City, this Saturday (April 20).

Officers will be on hand from 11am to 1pm to meet residents and discuss any concerns they might have, along with offering crime prevention advice.

The RAPPAW Team will also be attending on Saturday and bringing along their therapy dogs to talk about the work they do in supporting victims and witnesses of crime. Working with the organisation Pets As Therapy, RAPPAW is a Hertfordshire Constabulary scheme where trained volunteers and their dogs are used to help victims or witnesses who may be feeling alone, vulnerable and in some cases traumatised.

A Special Inspector will be present as well, to discuss the important work that Specials do in helping to police the local area.

PCSO Oliver Gittins said: "We've set up this event because we want to speak face-to-face with local residents and understand the issues affecting them.

"We've invited other teams along to share the work that they do so we hope that residents find the event useful and interesting.

"If there is anything you want to discuss with us, please drop by. We're here to help keep you safe and you shouldn't hesitate to get in touch if you have concerns that you want to raise. We are looking forward to seeing as many of you as possible."

_To keep up-to-date with the Welwyn Hatfield South Safer Neighbourhood Team, you can follow them on Twitter: @WelHatSthPolice_

_ _

_To sign up to Neighbourhood Watch, go towww.owl.co.uk. Residents who are signed up to Neighbourhood Watch will receive emails about crime, missing people and other relevant information in their local area._
