```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Watford.
publish:
  date: 2 Jan 2020
title: Witness appeal following collision in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-in-watford-1231
```

* ### The collision occurred in Stephenson Way.

 * ### Two vehicles were involved.

 * ### Five people were taken to hospital.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Watford.

The incident occurred in Stephenson Way, shortly before 10.40am on Tuesday 31 December.

A Citroen Picasso and a Land Rover Discovery were involved and the road was closed for several hours as a result.

Five people were taken to hospital for treatment, but their injuries are not deemed to be life-threatening.

Enquiries are being carried out to establish the circumstances around the collision.

Detective Sergeant Ian Siggery said: "We are appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision, or the events leading up to it, to please get in touch. We'd particularly like to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage of what happened."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 177 of 31 December.

As per standard procedure, the incident has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), due to prior police interaction with the vehicle.

• Four people were initially arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle following the incident, but were de-arrested in order to receive hospital treatment. Enquiries are continuing at this time.
