```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating a robbery at McDonald\u2019s in Watford are appealing for witnesses to come forward and are also trying to trace a further potential victim."
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2018
title: Did you witness robbery in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-robbery-in-Watford-1498C
```

* ### The robbery occurred at McDonald's in the High Street.

 * ### A man was assaulted and cash was taken.

 * ### It is believed a similar incident may have occurred just prior to it.

 * ### Witnesses are being urged to come forward.

Police investigating a robbery at McDonald's in Watford are appealing for witnesses to come forward and are also trying to trace a further potential victim.

The incident occurred between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Saturday, January 20.

A 27-year-old man was sitting on the upper floor of the restaurant, situated at the junction of High Street and King Street, when he was involved in a verbal altercation. He was then assaulted by a group of teenage boys, sustaining cuts and scratches, and cash was stolen from his jacket.

The suspects are described as wearing hooded tops and tracksuit bottoms.

Subsequent enquiries have led officers to believe that a similar incident may have occurred just prior to this, involving a separate victim.

PC Jon Brown said: "There were a number of people in the restaurant at the time and we are appealing for witnesses to please come forward. In particular, we are keen to trace a young male and female who were sitting together in the upper section of the restaurant at the time. If this was you please get in touch, as you may have important information which could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC 488 Brown via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C1/18/409. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
