```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a collision in Stevenage yesterday (Thursday 22 October).
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following collision in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-stevenage-0781e
```

* ## A police car was involved in a collision with a grey Vauxhall Meriva at the junction of Six Hills Way and Colestrete yesterday (Thursday 22 October).

 * ## Four people were taken to hospital.

 * ## Anyone who can help should email Sergeant Andy McLennan at andrew.mclennan@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk or call 101 quoting ISR 319 of 22 October.

Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a collision in Stevenage yesterday (Thursday 22 October).

Shortly after midday, a police car was involved in a collision with a grey Vauxhall Meriva at the junction of Six Hills Way and Colestrete.

Four people - a woman and her baby who were travelling in the Vauxhall and two police officers - were taken to hospital. The baby did not sustain any injuries and the mother and two officers were discharged with minor injuries.

Sergeant Andy McLennan, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened or anyone who has information about the collision to get in touch. Did you see the collision or the events leading up to it? Please let us know.

"I am particularly keen to trace the occupants of a vehicle which turned right from Six Hills Way into Colestrete, and a van which was following this vehicle and then carried on down Six Hills Way towards the town centre. If this was you please get in touch as you might have vital information that will help our investigation.

"Finally, I'd like to appeal to anyone who was in the area at the time of the collision and might have caught what happened on dash cam.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email Sergeant Andy McLennan quoting ISR 319 of 22 October."

As a matter of course, the incident has been referred to the force's Professional Standards Department.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.
