```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following criminal damage in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-criminal-damage-in-stevenage-0604E
```

* ### Offensive graffiti was sprayed onto the police station building in Lytton Way.

 * ### The incident occurred last night.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed suspicious activity in the area to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of criminal damage in Stevenage.

Overnight between Thursday, August 2 and Friday, August 3 offensive graffiti was painted onto the side of the police station building in Lytton Way.

Neighbourhood Chief Inspector Alicia Shaw said: "The graffiti has been sprayed in an area which is highly visible to members of the public and could cause a great deal of upset. This kind of behaviour is totally unacceptable and will not be tolerated.

"We are currently conducting enquiries to trace those responsible and are also appealing for anyone with information to come forward. The incident occurred on a main road so someone may have witnessed it taking place or may have seen suspicious activity in the area."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/23858/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
