```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Thursday, 4 July) been charged in connection with an incident in Watford, during which three people sustained stab wounds.
publish:
  date: 4 Jul 2019
title: Man charged in connection with incident in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-in-connection-with-incident-in-watford-0452
```

A man was charged yesterday (Thursday, 4 July) in connection with an incident in Watford, during which three people sustained stab wounds.

Khaled Ahmed, aged 36, of no fixed address, has been charged with attempted murder, possession of a bladed article and two counts of GBH.

He has been remanded into custody to appear before Hatfield Remand Court today (Friday, 5 July).

Police were called to Vicarage Road following the incident during the early hours of Wednesday, 3 July.

Three people - a man aged in his 40s, a man aged in his 30s and a woman aged in her 30s - were all taken to hospital for treatment.

Two of the victims, the man and woman in their thirties, are still in hospital with life-changing injuries.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan from the Watford Local Crime Unit said: "This was a despicable incident which left three people in hospital, two of whom were seriously injured.

"Following extensive enquiries in the aftermath of the incident, we were able to quickly make an arrest and subsequently bring charges. Our investigations are continuing at this time and anyone with information who hasn't yet spoken to police is urged to come forward."

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "I understand there was concern among the local community following what happened. I would like to reassure people that this is being treated as an isolated incident, involving people who are known to each other. There is no link to terrorism or gang activity and Watford remains a safe place to live, work and visit.

"My officers have been conducting high-visibility reassurance patrols in the area over the past couple of days and we have met with local partners to discuss any concerns."

Anyone with information about the incident who hasn't yet spoken to police should contact the Watford Local Crime Unit by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/59915/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _ _or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
