```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 21 year old man from London has been arrested following an early morning warrant at an address in Trumper Road in Stevenage on Wednesday December 12.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2018
title: London man arrested following warrant in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/london-man-arrested-following-warrant-in-stevenage-2228e
```

* ### Another Operation Mantis arrest in Stevenage.

 * ### Warrant executed at an address in Trumper Road following complaints about suspected drug dealing.

 * ### A 21 year old London man has been arrested on suspicion of being in possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply.

A 21 year old man from London has been arrested following an early morning warrant at an address in Trumper Road in Stevenage on Wednesday December 12.

Officers from Operation Mantis and the Stevenage Scorpion Team entered the address under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 following complaints of suspected drug dealing.

The man was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. A quantity of what is believed to be crack cocaine was recovered along with a number of mobile phones and large knife. The man is currently in police custody.

Sergeant Jon Leak from Operation Mantis said: "My officers executed the warrant this morning following numerous reports from the local community about alleged drug dealing from the address.

"If you have information about any unusual behaviour in your neighbourhood that you think may be linked to criminal activity please let us know by calling the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

"Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them."
