```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two off road bikers have been issued with Section 59 warnings after officers from the Royston Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team responded to complaints about anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 2 Apr 2020
title: Local officers tackle ASB in Therfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/local-officers-tackle-asb-in-therfield-020420
```

* ## Officers respond to concerns about off road bikers.

 * ## Two riders given section 59 warnings.

 * ## Police will seize bikes if used in an anti social manner again.

Two off road bikers have been issued with Section 59 warnings after officers from the Royston Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team responded to complaints about anti-social behaviour.

On Monday 30 March a report was received that a van containing two off road bikes had arrived in the village of Therfield and that the behaviour of the two riders had caused much concern among local residents.

Local officers immediately started an investigation to ascertain the owners of the bikes, and a couple of hours later reports were received that the bikers had returned to the village.

Officers immediately attended the location and upon finding the van in which the bikes had been transported, waited with the vehicle until the bikers returned.
After a long chat with the riders where advice relating to the law and their future contact was given, both men/boys were issued with a Section 59 warning. This enables officers to seize the vehicles should they be used in an anti- social way again.

Sergeant Lee Jessup said: "We hope we have reassured residents that we take this kind of anti-social behaviour very seriously, while also educating the riders about how their behaviour impacts on local communities such as this one.
"Hopefully we will now have no reason to seize the bikes, however should we receive any more reports of anti-social behaviour regarding these riders, we will not hesitate to do just that."

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
