```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary at a home in Northchurch.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2019
title: Further update following incident in Northchurch
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Further-update-following-incident-in-Northchurch-2804
```

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary at a home in Northchurch.

The property belonged to 81 year old John and Janette Dunbavand who were discovered dead at the home in Darrs Lane on Friday morning (March 22).

Following news of their deaths the home was targeted by thieves who gained access between 2pm on Sunday (March 24) and 8.15am the following day (Monday). The offenders carried out a search inside, stealing an iPad, a men's Omega watch and a gold pocket watch. Other jewellery including rings, bracelets and necklaces belonging to John and Janette are also believed to have been taken.

Detective Sergeant Donna Norris from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit said: "We believe that the thieves responsible for this burglary knew the property was unoccupied following news of the couple's death.

"This is an act of staggering callousness which has obviously further upset John and Janette's loved ones who are already going through an extremely traumatic and difficult time. We are continuing to provide support to the family who are currently establishing exactly what items of jewellery have been stolen.

"We are dedicated to identifying those responsible for this burglary and I'm appealing for anyone with information that may help us to please get in touch with us as soon as possible.

"Following the burglary, security has been reviewed at the home and the property is now occupied."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Sergeant Donna Norris by emailing _donna.norris@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/27474/19 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
