```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-st-albans-1494f
```

* ## The incident happened on Saturday 22 February.

 * ## At around 7.10pm, two white men gained access to a property in Gladeside.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should contact DC Mark Chipcase on 101 or at mark.chipchase@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/16554/20.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in St Albans.

The incident happened on Saturday 22 February. At around 7.10pm, two white men gained access to the rear of a property in Gladeside.

They conducted a messy search before being disturbed by the victims returning home at around 7.30pm. One of the offenders pushed the victim in his attempt to make off.

Both men then ran out of the rear of the property after dropping a pillowcase containing jewellery.

Police were called and immediately searched the local area for the offenders but they could not be traced.

The first offender is described as white, in his late thirties, around 5ft 9in tall and of a stocky build. He had a brown beard and was wearing a black woolly hat and grey hoody with the hood up. The man was also wearing orange gardening style gloves and possibly dark coloured trousers and shoes.

The second offender is described as white, in his late thirties and of a medium build. He was wearing a baseball cap and like the first offender, he was also wearing orange gardening style gloves.

Detective Constable Mark Chipcase, who is investigating, said: "The offenders got away with a purse and a black Canon camera. This was understandably a frightening incident for the victims and I am urging the public to get in touch if they have information that might help us trace those responsible.

"Were you in the area at the time? Did you see what happened? Or did you see suspicious activity?

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation. If you can help, please contact me by calling the non-emergency number 101 or by emailing quoting crime reference 41/16554/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
