```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A free tool marking event is to be held in Letchworth as part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the Safer Neighbourhood Team.
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2018
title: Free Tool Marking Event in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Free-Tool-Marking-Event-in-Letchworth-1421G
```

* ### A free tool marking event is being held in Letchworth.

 * ### The event is being held on Thursday, January 11th.

 * ### Get your tools marked and help to protect them against theft.

 * ### If you cannot attend, contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team to arrange another time.

A free tool marking event is to be held in Letchworth as part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

The event, which is taking place on Thursday, January 11 outside Screwfix, Aylesford Court, Works Road, Letchworth, has been organised in response to a rise in tool thefts across the county and will run from 10am until 2pm.

The Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team now has equipment which will allow officers to engrave tools free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves. Officers will also be able to mark possessions with bright coloured paint or ultraviolet paint.

**PC Matt Hopkins, who is organising the event said:** "Unfortunately we have seen a rise in tool thefts from vehicles, garages and sheds in Letchworth recently. We are working hard to tackle this type of crime and hope that people will take advantage of this free service to help deter would-be thieves.

"Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves and also easier to return if they are stolen and later recovered by police. The service has already proved extremely popular in other areas and we hope to see as many people as possible on the day."

Further tool marking events are planned and officers will also continue to make proactive visits to anyone they think may benefit from the service.

If you cannot make the event but would like to get your tools marked, please contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team on 01707 354192 or email
