```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Closure Order has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates on property in Hitchin, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and Settle Housing Association took action against the occupiers who have been involved in drug related anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 12 Apr 2019
title: Closure Order Secured on Hitchin Property following Drugs Warrant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-Order-Secured-on-Hitchin-Property-following-Drugs-Warrant-0078PR
```

A new Closure Order has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates on a property in Hitchin, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and Settle Housing Association took action against the occupiers who have been involved in drug related anti-social behaviour.

On Wednesday April 3, officers from the North Herts Operation Scorpion Team executed a warrant at the house in Sunnyside Road following an intelligence-led operation into drug activity linked to the address.

A 21 year old man from Sandy was arrested at the address on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. Around £8,000 worth of suspected heroin was seized along with a small quantity of cannabis and £340 in cash. A large knife was also seized.

Officers then applied for the Closure Order which was granted on Thursday April 11, under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It bans anyone from entering the property in Sunnyside Road for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

Police had received complaints from local residents about people using the house in an anti-social manner linked to drug dealing, drug use and people causing a disturbance.

Anti-social Behaviour Officer Jeanette Dallimore said **:** "Following the warrant we worked quickly with the housing association to get the address shut down. We received a large number of complaints relating to the activity of the occupants of the address and I would like to thank the local community for the information they provided to us, which enabled us to take positive action.

"By closing the address, we hope to provide residents in the area with some respite from the on-going issues. We take reports like this very seriously and have worked quickly to tackle the issue. I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour of this nature to the police."

**_Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour should call the non-emergency number 101 or report online at www.herts.police.uk/report. Remember if a crime is in progress or someone 's life is in danger, always call 999 straight away._**
