```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new care hub to support more victims of domestic abuse across the county has been launched this week.
publish:
  date: 6 May 2020
title: New Safeguarding Hub launched to help more domestic abuse victims
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-safeguarding-hub-launched-to-help-more-domestic-abuse-victims-060520
```

* ## More support for victims of domestic abuse in Herts.

 * ## It aims to provide more people with access to help and to prevent repeat victimisation.

 * ## Its launch is well-timed given the increased concern nationally about domestic abuse as a result of the current lockdown and social distancing measures.

A new care hub to support more victims of domestic abuse across the county has been launched this week.

The Beacon Safeguarding Hub is based at the Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU) at Hatfield Police Station. The five-strong team includes three police officers and two specially trained civilian support workers from the victim service provider Catch 22.

The Beacon Safeguarding Hub is a 12-month pilot to enhance the support offered to domestic abuse victims.

They will triage and make contact with an estimated 300 victims every month.
Agreeing the one-year pilot Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Preventing crime and helping victims will always be at the centre of everything we do.

"This new hub aims to provide more people with access to help and to prevent repeat victimisation. It will also offer more support throughout the criminal justice process to raise convictions levels. Practical help includes a caseworker for each victim to support them through the process, as well as giving advice on benefits, alternative accommodation and liaising with investigating officers.

"This enhanced programme for Hertfordshire residents goes beyond current government legislation, which says this level of service only has to be offed to high risk victims.

"In Beacon, Hertfordshire already has one of the best victim care centres in the country, and this new Safeguarding Hub further builds on their outstanding work."

Detective Chief Inspector Ben Wright, who leads the DAISU, said: "The aim of the new hub is to offer an even greater level of support to victims of domestic abuse in Hertfordshire. It is hoped that this increased support will help them move on and recover from abusive relationships, while also reduce the risk of further harm coming to them."

He added: "While this pilot has been in the planning for some time, its launch is well-timed given the increased concern nationally about domestic abuse as a result of the current lockdown and social distancing measures.

"I would like to reassure the public that, as this announcement shows, we are continuing to respond to domestic abuse reports and are even enhancing our ability to support and protect victims. If you are suffering abuse at this time, we are here to help."

The opening of the new service comes just two months after another pilot scheme to support every victim of fraud in Hertfordshire was extended.

The Beacon Fraud Hub is the first enhanced scheme of its kind in England and Wales. It has four members of staff with specialist knowledge, who contact all those in the county who have reported having money fraudulently taken.

News of the creation and extension of both hubs comes during the Year of Beacon - which in 2020 is marking the fifth anniversary of the creation of Hertfordshire's victim care service centre.

Anyone in immediate danger should call 999. However if you feel you cannot speak because you are with the perpetrator, you can alert police silently by dialling 999 then pressing 5 5. Non-urgent matters can also be reported online.
