```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV images of two people they would like to speak to following a burglary that happened in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2019
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-burglary-in-welwyn-garden-city-2500b
```

* ### On Wednesday, December 19, offender(s) gained access to a property in Beehive Lane.

 * ### Officers believe the men pictured were in the area and could have vital information.

 * ### If you recognise them, or have information about the burglary, contact DC Tracey Griffin on 101 or at tracey.griffin@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference 41/67571/18.

Officers have released CCTV images of two people they would like to speak to following a burglary that happened in Welwyn Garden City.

Between 9am and 6.50pm on Wednesday, December 19, offender(s) gained access to a property in Beehive Lane after smashing the glass window of a patio door.

Before leaving via the rear of the property, the offender(s) took the following:

 * A pair of black and orange house keys
 * A pair of car keys
 * A black and silver Dell computer, 27inch screen
 * Another Dell computer, 22 or 24inch screen
 * A Synology NAS server
 * Two WD Red discs
 * A gold Samsung Galaxy tablet
 * An Ipod Nano (white or silver coloured)
 * A Yale safe containing documents and passports
 * A pearl necklace in a white (possibly Bramington) case
 * A silver charm/chain bracelet with 30 or 40 small city crest charms in a wooden box
 * A Canon camera with a zoom lens (possibly model 60D)

Detective Constable Tracey Griffin, who is investigating, said: "It's believed that those pictured were in the area at the time and could have vital information that will assist the investigation. If you recognise them please get in touch.

"Similarly, I would like to hear from anyone who might have seen suspicious activity in the area at the time, as well anyone who might have other information about what happened. If you believe you've been offered the items for sale, I'd urge you to also get in contact.

"If you can help, please call 101 or email me quoting crime reference 41/67571/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
