```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to following a burglary in Welham Green.
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2018
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Welham Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-burglary-in-WelhamGreen-1670B
```

* ### Officers have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to following a burglary in Welham Green.

 * ### Jewellery and cash were taken from a house in Barfolds between 7.30pm and 7.45pm on Sunday, February 18.

 * ### Anyone who can help should contact DC Kylie Davies on kylie.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk or 101, quoting crime reference B2/18/743.

Officers have released CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to following a burglary in Welham Green.

Between 7.30pm and 7.45pm on Sunday, February 18, offender(s) gained entry to a house in Barfolds by smashing a rear patio door. Jewellery and cash both worth thousands of pounds were taken from the property.

Officers would like to speak to the men pictured as they may have witnessed what happened and could have information which will assist the investigation.

DC Kylie Davies, who is investigating, said: "I would like to hear from anyone who recognises the men. Similarly, if you saw anything suspicious in this location during the times stated, please do get in touch.

"The jewellery was sentimental to the victims and any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could be vital to the investigation."

Anyone who recognises the men or has any other information should contact DC Kylie Davies or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/18/743. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
