```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two burglaries in St Albans have released photos of stolen jewellery in a bid to trace it.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2020
title: Have you seen this stolen jewellery?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-stolen-jewellery-1436
```

* ### The incident occurred in Alder Close, St Albans.

 * ### A maisonette was broken into.

 * ### Jewellery was stolen from one of the properties.

Officers investigating two burglaries in St Albans have released photos of stolen jewellery in a bid to trace it.

Between 9.45am and 6.50pm on Tuesday 21 January, offender(s) gained access to both the upstairs and downstairs properties of a maisonette in Alder Close.

Messy searches were carried out and jewellery and paperwork was stolen from one of the addresses.

Detective Constable Kat Murray-Rochard, who is investigating, said: "Have you seen this jewellery? Have you been offered it for sale? I am appealing for anyone who has seen this jewellery to get in touch. You might be able to help us return it to its rightful owner.

"Similarly, I would like to appeal to anyone who witnessed the burglary or saw suspicious activity in the area around the time of the offence. Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital for the investigation."

If you can help, please contact me by calling the non-emergency number 101 or by emailing me at kat.murray-rochard@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/6419/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
