```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are releasing images of clothing as part of their enquiries to identify a man who was sadly found deceased in Stevenage seven days ago.
publish:
  date: 2 Jun 2020
title: Anniversary appeal following the discovery of a body - Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/anniversary-appeal-following-the-discovery-of-a-body-stevenage-0174e
```

* ## Police have released images of clothing similar to that worn by a man whose body was sadly found in Stevenage.

 * ## The man, who is yet to be identified, is estimated to have been between the age of 20 and 60, and of a slim build with facial hair.

 * ## If you have any information that could assist officers with their investigation, please get in touch quoting ISR 725 of 26 May.

Detectives are releasing images of clothing as part of their enquiries to identify a man who was sadly found deceased in Stevenage seven days ago.

The man's body was found by a member of the public in undergrowth off Bray Drive, in Great Ashby, just before 6.50pm on Tuesday 26 May.

A cordon was put in place while officers carried out their initial investigations, and the man's death is being treated as non-suspicious but unexplained.

However despite extensive enquiries, officers have not yet been able to identify the man or notify his next of kin.

They have now chosen to release images of clothing similar to those found on the body in the hope that they will jog someone's memory.

DS Ben Dixon, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "This is a very sad case because one week on, we still do not know who this man is, or what his story was.

"There is no suggestion that there was any third-party involvement in his death, and forensic tests have proved inconclusive to date.

"We estimate that he was aged between 20 and 60, was of slim build and had facial hair.

"We believe his body may have been in the undergrowth for a considerable period of time and our main priority is to trace this man's family so they can lay him to rest.

"Therefore we have now taken the step of releasing images of clothing similar to that found on his body to see if anyone recognises them, as some items are quite distinctive.

"He was found wearing a black beanie hat, a grey chequered jacket, a navy blue and pink striped jumper, skinny-fit blue jeans and black trainers.

"If you think you may have any information that could assist us in our investigation, please get in touch."

You can email DS Dixon, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 725 of 26 May**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

** **
