```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Rickmansworth on Sunday (25 October).
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-rickmansworth-0797c
```

* ## The alleged assault happened on Sunday 25 October at around 3pm.

 * ## A 54 year old man from Rickmansworth has been arrested on suspicion of assault.

 * ## A man was allegedly punched in Boots, High Street, following a verbal disagreement outside the store.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should call 101 or email DC Ashley Young _ashley.young@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting 41/86095/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Rickmansworth on Sunday (25 October).

At around 3pm, two men were reportedly involved in a verbal altercation outside Boots in the High Street. The victim - a man in his thirties - then entered Boots and the other man allegedly followed him in before repeatedly punching him to the head.

Detective Constable Ashley Young, who is investigating, said: "We've arrested a 54 year old man from Rickmansworth on suspicion of assault. He's been released under investigation while enquiries continue and I'm appealing for the public to get in touch if they witnessed what happened or have information that could assist our enquiries.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email Detective Constable Ashley Young quoting crime reference 41/86095/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
