```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing to trace witnesses and a motorist after a dog was hit in a road traffic collision in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses after dog injured in collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-dog-injured-in-collision-1446c
```

* ## The collision occurred at around 8.45pm on Thursday 20 February in Hazlewood Lane.

 * ## The dog collided with a dark-coloured vehicle - possibly a Honda Civic.

 * ## If you can help, contact PCSO Paul Burt on 101 or via email to paul.burt@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Police are appealing to trace witnesses and a motorist after a dog was hit in a road traffic collision in Abbots Langley.

The incident occurred at around 8.45pm on Thursday 20 February on Hazlewood Lane. The dog ran across the road after accidentally escaping out of a property on Rosehill Gardens.

It collided with a dark-coloured vehicle - possibly a Honda Civic - which briefly came to a stop after the incident before driving off.

The dog suffered a broken leg and internal bleeding. He also suffered a fractured hip and is currently taking medication to strengthen the cartilage before having an operation next month.

PCSO Paul Burt, from the Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Extensive enquiries have been carried out into this incident and we're now asking for the public's help. From what we know so far, we believe the driver would not have been able to avoid hitting the dog as it ran into the road, however the driver did not stop following the incident.

"We would appeal to anyone who saw the incident or the vehicle pulling away afterwards, or to the driver themselves to make contact with us."

Anyone with information should contact PCSO Burt via email _,_ report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via ouronline web chat _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ 41/15955/20 _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
