```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are continuing to investigate an assault in Watford during which a man sustained bruising to his eye
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2018
title: Did you witness assault in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-watford-0433C
```

* ### The victim was sitting in his car when he was punched through the window.

 * ### He sustained bruising to his eye.

 * ### Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to come forward.

Officers are continuing to investigate an assault in Watford during which a man sustained bruising to his eye.

The victim, a man aged in his early 20s, was sitting in his car in Harwoods Road, at the junction with Rickmansworth Road, when he was approached by another driver who punched him through an open window while shouting at him.

The suspect is described as a white man, of slim build, aged between 30 and 40 years old, with short light brown hair. He was wearing a grey tracksuit, had tattoos on his arms and was driving a grey Seat.

The incident occurred at around 4.30pm on Monday, May 14.

PC Noel Walsh, who is investigating, said: "We have been making a number of enquiries, including trawling through CCTV footage, but have not yet managed to trace the suspect. I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or who thinks they may know the identity of the person involved, to please make contact with us.

"I appreciate the incident occurred a number of weeks ago but I believe it would have stuck in people's minds if they had seen anything. I would particularly like to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Noel Walsh via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C1/18/2869. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
