```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A team of volunteers responsible for saving many lives is being formally recognised by Hertfordshire Constabulary.
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2019
title: Voluntary search and rescue team recognised by Hertfordshire Police
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/voluntary-search-and-rescue-team-recognised-by-hertfordshire-police-0413all
```

A team of volunteers responsible for saving many lives is being formally recognised by Hertfordshire Constabulary.

Midshires Search and Rescue (MSAR) has supported the force during numerous successful searches over recent years and their vital contribution to the policing effort is now being officially endorsed.

MSAR is an organisation of trained volunteers who assist police forces in carrying out search and rescue operations for missing and vulnerable people. They operate in all weathers, 24/7, 365 days a year, and their search teams can and have saved many lives.

Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe, the force lead for the Police Search team warmly welcomed colleagues from Midshires Search and Rescue to Police Head Quarters in Welwyn Garden City on June 13 for a tour of the Force Control Room and to discuss operational search matters. Steve said: "We work incredibly closely with Midshires Search and Rescue who jointly deploy with police to search for high risk, vulnerable missing people. This successful relationship was reflected in a deployment in Stevenage on June 3, where 27 search and rescue volunteers deployed late on a Monday evening to search for a vulnerable person who was found safe and well. This joint approach enables a swift resolution to the benefit of the missing person, their worried family and reduces the impact in the delivery of normal policing in the area. MSAR are an incredible asset for us to draw on, they are professional, well trained and extremely motivated regardless of the weather or terrain.

"To acknowledge this effective working partnership Hertfordshire Constabulary will now formally recognise the relationship with the endorsement of _' Midshires Search and Rescue working in partnership with Hertfordshire Constabulary'_. This recognition is out of the norm but reflects the sustained and effective deployment of joint resources to searches."

Vic Garnett, Training Officer representing Midshires Search and Rescue, said: "We are delighted to have our working relationship recognised in this way. Midshires' sole aim, as a member of Lowland Rescue, is to support the Police in the search for vulnerable and missing people. Our regular training meetings, together with mock searches, with our team of dedicated volunteers are critical in ensuring that we are ready 24/7 to respond to any request for deployment."

More information on Midshires Search and Rescue can be found at: www.midshires.org.uk or on their Facebook page: www.facebook.com/MidshiresSearchRescue. **
**
