```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a distraction burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2020
title: "Appeal for information following a distraction burglary \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-information-following-a-distraction-burglary-Hemel-Hempstead-0472D
```

Detectives investigating a distraction burglary in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in a road off Turners Hill in Adeyfield, between 3.30pm and 4pm on Monday 3 August.

The victim, a woman aged in her 70s, was at home when a man came to her front door and said the water pressure needed checking as her neighbour was having a similar issue.

The suspect asked the victim to empty the cupboards under her kitchen sink and as she did so, he went upstairs and searched her bedroom before leaving the property via the front door.

He stole a personalised gold necklace and two gold rings, one with a red gemstone and another with a white gemstone.

The suspect is described as a clean-shaven white man, of slim build, with blue eyes. He wore a hi-vis vest, a blue T-shirt and a cap. He spoke with a British accent.

Detective Constable Francis Mungai, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This burglary has understandably caused the victim a huge amount of distress, and she is currently being supported by close family. I want to reassure her that we are doing all that we can to identify the person responsible.

"We have already carried out a number of enquiries to date but we are now asking the public for their assistance. Were you in the Turners Hill area on Monday between the times stated? Did you witness any suspicious activity? Did you see anyone matching the description given?

"If you have any information, even if you think it is insignificant, please get in touch. Equally, if you live nearby and have CCTV fitted to your property, or were driving in the vicinity and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review your footage and contact me if you believe you have captured anything of note.

"Bogus callers can often be very convincing about their reasons for needing to enter your home, but we would always advise never to let anyone in without a prior appointment. A genuine caller will never mind coming back at a time to suit you, when you can have a friend of family member accompanying you.

"Never hesitate to call police on 999 if you suspect a crime may be in progress. We would rather establish that everything is in order over missing an opportunity to apprehend an offender."

There is more information about bogus callers on the constabulary's website here. Please share this with your vulnerable friends or relatives to ensure they are aware of how to react to a potentially bogus caller.

You can email DC Mungai at _francis.mungai@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/61442/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
