```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The largest cannabis factory ever found in Hertfordshire has been dismantled and destroyed by police officers.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2017
title: Cannabis factory discovered in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cannabis-factory-discovered-in-PottersBar
```

* ### Largest cannabis factory ever found in Hertfordshire.

 * ### Around 1,000 plants with a street value of about £700,000 found.

 * ### A 23-year-old man from Barnet has been arrested.

The largest cannabis factory ever found in Hertfordshire has been dismantled and destroyed by police officers.

It was discovered last Tuesday (October 17) in Hatfield Road, Potters Bar, after police received an anonymous call by a member of the public.

Around 1,000 plants with a street value of about £700,000 were found inside the property and it took police officers two days to dismantle the set up.

A 23 year old man from Barnet was arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis, abstracting electricity and criminal damage. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe said: "My team responded to an anonymous call from a concerned member of the public which prompted a quick and covert response.

"The scale of this factory is believed to be the largest ever uncovered in Hertfordshire, with the plants estimated to have a street value of £700,000.

"The cultivation of cannabis can put surrounding residents at risk as unlawful electrical wiring used to power the systems to grow the crops creates a fire hazard.

"This case demonstrates the key part members of the public play in reporting anything suspicious in their local area so that officers can act on intelligence and take action to disrupt the supply of drugs across the county.

"If you have any information about the supply of drugs please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report-Shared/Report-a-crime.aspx, or contact the independent crime fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
