```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Borehamwood have released images of a man and a woman they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2020
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-in-Borehamwood-0478j
```

* ### Did you witness theft from man's pocket in Borehamwood?

 * ### The suspects are believed to have followed him from the cash point.

 * ### We'd like to speak with the people pictured who might be able to assist the investigation.

Officers investigating a theft in Borehamwood have released images of a man and a woman they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

The incident took place at around 2.50pm on Thursday 20 July. A man had withdrawn £200 from a cashpoint in Shenley Road and was walking into Borehamwood Retail Park via Keystone Path.

As he was walking down some steps next to WH Smith a female appeared and helped him. At the same time a male approached him from behind and took the money from his pocket and ran off back towards Shenley Road.

PC Robert Clemmit is investigating and said: "I would like to appeal for any witnesses who may have seen this incident to contact police. I'd also like to identify the man and woman pictured as they may have information which could greatly assist the investigation."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/58818/20. You can also email PC Clemmit direct at Robert.Clemmit@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
