```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft from a car in Hertford have released a CCTV image of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft from car - Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-from-car-Hertford-1640A
```

* ### Do you recognise these men? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into a theft from a car in Hertford.

 * ### It happened in Newland Gardens overnight between January 2 and 3.

 * ### If you know these men, please call 101 quoting crime reference A1/18/33.

Officers investigating a theft from a car in Hertford have released a CCTV image of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Newland Gardens between 5.30pm on Tuesday, January 2 and 7.10am on Wednesday, January 3.

Offender(s) gained entry to a black Ford Mondeo before taking three pairs of Oakley sunglasses, a pair of Police sunglasses and an engraved metal wallet containing a number of credit and debit cards.

Officers would like to speak to the men pictured as they may have information that could assist with their investigation.

If you recognise these men, or have any further information that could assist police, please contact either PC Nicholas Anstead on nicholas.anstead@herts.pnn.police.uk, Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference A1/18/33, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV image
