```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A special free tool marking event is taking place at Letchworth Police Station on Sunday December 9.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2018
title: Police to hold free tool marking event in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-to-hold-free-tool-marking-event-in-letchworth-2153G
```

* ### Local officers to mark tools for free.

 * ### Event to be held in Letchworth Police Station Car Park.

 * ### Thefts from vehicles, garages and sheds continue to be an issue.

A special free tool marking event is taking place at Letchworth Police Station on Sunday December 9.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team will be in the car park between 10am and 2pm to give advice and information about crime prevention, as well as marking any tools that have been brought along.

"Thefts from vehicles - particularly tools in vans, garages and sheds are a continual problem for us at the moment," explained PCSO Natasha Angwin.

"The more people can do to protect their property the less likely they are to become a victim of this type of crime. Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves and also easier to return if they are stolen and later recovered by police.

"We are looking forward to meeting as many people as possible and are happy to discuss any other issues or concerns."

If you cannot make the event but would like to get your tools marked, please contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team on 01707 354192 or email

Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team also has equipment which will allow officers to engrave tools free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves. Officers will also be able to mark possessions with brightly coloured paint or ultraviolet paint.
