```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an ABH in Watford.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following ABH in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-ABH-in-Watford-1521C
```

* ### Police are investigating an ABH that happened on Monday, January 1 in Watford.

 * ### A 13 year old boy was threatened and punched.

 * ### Anyone with information should contact PC Anna Cornish on anna.cornish@herts.pnn.police.uk or 101.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an ABH in Watford.

At around 1.30pm on Monday, January 1, the victim (a 13 year old boy), was on St Albans Road at the junction with Regent Street (near Boots chemist), when he was threatened and punched by a boy who then made off in the direction of Regent Street.

The offender, who was with a group of males at the time, is described as white, aged around 14 to 16 years old, and of a skinny build. He was approximately 5ft 3in tall and had brown messy hair with blonde highlights. He was wearing a navy Ralph Lauren shirt, jeans and no shoes. He spoke with an Irish accent.

PC Anna Cornish, who is investigating, said: "This was a really distressing incident for the victim who thankfully only sustained minor injuries.

"I am appealing for anybody who might have seen the incident take place to get in touch. You might have vital information that could assist the investigation.

"Anyone with information should contact me or the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference C4/18/21. You can also report information online."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
