```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A closure order on a Watford flat which has been linked to anti-social behaviour and drug activity has been extended by a further 12 weeks.
publish:
  date: 17 Jun 2020
title: "Watford flat\u2019s closure order is extended by another three months"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watford-flats-closure-order-is-extended-by-another-three-months-0225c
```

* ## A closure order on a flat in Watford has been extended by a further three months.

 * ## The property in Outlook Place, off Langley Road, has been linked to drug activity and anti-social behaviour.

 * ## Police and partners are now working with the housing association to help them regain full possession of the flat.

A closure order on a Watford flat which has been linked to anti-social behaviour and drug activity has been extended by a further 12 weeks.

The property, in Outlook Place off Langley Road, was initially closed by police in March this year after a drugs warrant was executed at the address.

On Thursday 11 June, the order was extended by another three months after an application by the Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014.

This now means the property will remain empty and not used as a base by those involved in criminal activity and anti-social behaviour (ASB). Anyone who enters the address - besides the emergency services or the housing association - will be arrested and face both a fine and a prison term.

Sergeant Luke Mitchell, from the Watford Community Safety Unit, said: "Despite the many challenges that we have faced over the past few months, the local SNT officers have continued to work in close partnership with Clarion Housing and Watford Brough Council.

"This meant they were able to collate vital evidence to ensure this closure order was extended for a further - and final - three months.

"However, we will not be complacent and are now continuing to work with our partners and the courts to ensure the housing association regains full possession of the property.

"In the meantime, the local officers will continue to patrol the area, listening and responding to the community's needs.

"We are pleased to share that there has been a 50% reduction in ASB-related calls to the Nascot ward area, thanks to the dedication of the community safety partnership.

"Crime and anti-social behaviour has a hugely detrimental effect on the lives of those living nearby, and I want our actions to serve as a stark warning to those who choose to engage in this type of activity. You will not be allowed to do as you please. We will challenge you, and you could lose your home."

If you have information about suspected drugs activity, anti-social behaviour or other crime in your neighbourhood, you can report information online talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Watford using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-watford and have your say.
