```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents in the Kings Langley area are being urged to remain vigilant and consider reviewing their security following a house burglary and two pub break-ins.
publish:
  date: 31 May 2019
title: Residents urged to remain vigilant following burglaries
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Residents-urged-to-remain-vigilant-following-burglaries-0303
```

Residents in the Kings Langley area are being urged to remain vigilant and consider reviewing their security following a house burglary and two pub break-ins.

The following offences have been reported to police:

 * At around 3.30am on Thursday (May 30) a home in High Street was burgled and a BMW X5 was stolen from outside the property. The vehicle was later recovered by officers. (Crime reference 41/48624/19)
 * At around 3am on Wednesday (May 29), two offenders broke into the Rose and Crown Pub in High Street and stole spirits and a laptop. (Crime reference 41/48225/19)
 * At around 3.30am on Wednesday, two offenders broke into the Red Lion pub in London Road, Nash Mills, Hemel Hempstead. (Crime reference 41/48236/19)

PC Karl Diggins said: "We also received a report from a householder regarding three men acting in a suspicious manner in Rucklers Lane, Kings Langley, in the early hours of Wednesday. A search was carried out by officers but no-one was located.

"Enquiries into these incidents are on-going and proactive patrols are being carried out by officers.

"I'm urging residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious behaviour to police straight away. If you believe a crime is in progress always dial 999 so that we can get officers to the area as soon as possible.

"If you have any information about these burglaries that could help our on-going investigation please get in touch by emailing me at karl.diggins@herts.pnn.police.uk, online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, via web chat - herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101 _._

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind residents and business owners to review their security. Please ensure, where possible, doors are double locked and windows are secure and locked. Keep valuables out of sight and vehicle keys away from doors and windows.

"If your vehicle has a keyless entry system please ensure you place the tablet key in your home address as far away from the vehicle as possible, ideally you should place the key in a metal box.

"If you have an alarm system please use it. You may also wish to consider a doorbell camera and lighting, which could help to deter thieves."

Further crime prevention advice can be found on our website. Residents can visit www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome and business owners should visit www.herts.police.uk/protectyourbusiness.
