```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police would like to speak to a motorist who may have had a \u2018near-miss\u2019 with pedestrian Diana Edwards before she was involved in a collision with a single-decker coach."
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2019
title: Did you have near-miss with pedestrian involved in Hemel collision?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-have-near-miss-with-pedestrian-involved-in-hemel-collision-0510d
```

* ### Witnesses still sought to Hemel collision.

 * ### Motorist may have had 'near-miss'.

 * ### Dash cam footage needed.

Police would like to speak to a motorist who may have had a 'near-miss' with pedestrian Diana Edwards before she was involved in a collision with a single-decker coach.

As part of our continuing investigation, we've received information that suggests a car narrowly missed colliding with the 86-year-old on Leighton Buzzard Road, Hemel Hempstead, just before 1.15pm on Friday 28 June.

She was walking home from her daily shopping trip when she was involved in a collision with a single-decker coach. She was seriously injured and sadly died on Wednesday 10 July.

PC Carl Callan, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "We would like to speak to the driver of a car believed to have had a near-miss with Diana just moments before the collision. We have spoken to a number of witnesses but would appreciate other people coming forward, especially if they drove past just before the incident.

"In addition if anyone has dash cam footage of what happened, please get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact investigating officer PC Callan via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting Op Newlands - ISR 369 of 28 June. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
