```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 250 vehicles were stopped as part of a multi-agency operation aimed at disrupting and identifying criminals using the road network in East Herts.
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: Multi-agency operation in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/multi-agency-operation-in-east-herts-2755A
```

* ### A number of partner agencies were involved in the operation.

 * ### Just under 270 vehicles were stopped during the day.

 * ### One person was arrested and a number of TORs were issued.

More than 250 vehicles were stopped as part of a multi-agency operation aimed at disrupting and identifying criminals using the road network in East Herts.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team joined representatives from East Herts Council, Trading Standards, HMRC, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) and the National Farmers' Union for Operation Acura on Tuesday (March 12).

Throughout the day, 268 vehicles were stopped and directed to the check point at Bishop's Stortford Football Club where they were examined and driver and vehicle details verified.

As a result:

 * A man was arrested and subsequently charged with driving while disqualified and driving without insurance. His vehicle was also seized.
Krystian Jaskowiak, aged 39, from Gaunts End in Elsenham, has been bailed to appear before Stevenage Magistrates' Court on May 8.
 * One person was issued with a Traffic Offence Report (TOR)* for having an insecure load.
 * One driver was found to be carrying an excess load and ordered to remove part of it.
 * Four people were issued with Vehicle Defect Rectification Scheme notices which require them to fix minor defects on their vehicles and present to an MOT testing station to have the repair inspected and verified within 14 days.
 * The DVSA prohibited three vehicles from being driven any further due to serious defects.
 * EHC issued two cautions relating to the carriage of waste material and required the production of a waste carrier's license from another operator.
 * A number of Traffic Offence Reports (TOR) were also issued for offences such as registration and licensing offences regarding number plates and expired MOTs, in addition to 'Construction and Use' offences which are those relating to the mechanical condition of a vehicle.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace, who oversaw the operation, said: "Operations such as this enable us to proactively gather intelligence about who is travelling through the area, as well as detecting and preventing crime and criminality. It also allows us to disrupt and displace the activities of criminals intent on coming into East Herts in addition to removing potentially dangerous vehicles from our road network.

"As many local residents will be aware, we have suffered recently with several large-scale fly-tipping incidents across rural East Herts. With this in mind we were particularly keen to ensure that anyone carrying waste was fully licenced and their activity lawful. This aspect of the operation was of particular interest to our partners from the National Farmers' Union who attended in an observer capacity, and whose members often suffer the consequences of this type of criminality."

He continued: "This operation is an excellent example of partnership working, which I hope provides reassurance to our local communities. I would also like to extend my gratitude to the many law abiding motorists for their patience and understanding in supporting these proactive operations."

* A TOR can be issued by police for a minor road traffic offence and can lead to drivers receiving a fine, points on their licence or a court summons.
