```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Last week, student police officers worked alongside fire and ambulance crews to rehearse what to do in the event of a large scale road traffic collision.
publish:
  date: 29 Jul 2019
title: Trainee officers rehearse what to do in the event of a collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/trainee-officers-rehearse-what-to-do-in-the-event-of-a-collision-0543e
```

* ### Three emergency services came together to rehearse what to do in the event of an RTC.

 * ### The session took place in Longfield, Stevenage.

 * ### Three cars donated from the public were used as part of the demonstration.

Student police officers worked alongside fire and ambulance crews to rehearse what to do in the event of a large scale road traffic collision.

 The pouring rain did not deter the trainees as they took part in the session which was held at the Longfield Joint Emergency Service Training Centre in Stevenage on Friday 19 July.

 A large scale mock-up of three cars were used with six occupants and officers in plain clothes pretended to be witnesses.

 Sgt Tessa Barrow, who is Team Leader Sergeant Learning and Development, said: "The aim of the exercise was for the officer to put into practice a number of areas of learning that had taken place on the course up to that point i.e. first aid training, radio procedures, collision scene management, fast roads considerations, dealing with witnesses, identifying potential traffic related offences and arrest and custody procedures.

 "The vehicles are donated from the public for training purposes.

 "In this scenario the fire crew had to remove the roof from one of the vehicles to release the people trapped inside."

 Jim Rogers, lead trainer for the cohort, said: "Nothing replaces live on-the-job training but exercises like this enable officers to consolidate their learning in a realistic, practical manner.

 "A collaborative exercise of this nature enhances their understanding of the role each service has to play at such an event.

 "We are very grateful to the air ambulance and fire service crews for taking part in the exercise and sharing experiences and advice."
