```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Road policing officers are appealing for witnesses to a serious road traffic collision that happened during the early hours of this morning (Wednesday December 27) in South Mimms.
publish:
  date: 27 Dec 2017
title: Did you see serious road traffic collison in South Mimms?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-see-serious-road-traffic-collison-in-SouthMimms-1374J
```

* ### Man aged in his 30s in a critical condition after road traffic collision in South Mimms

 * ### Police appeal for male motorist who stopped and other witnesses to come forward

 * ### Allow extra time for your journey's this morning with the snowy conditions.

Road policing officers are appealing for witnesses to a serious road traffic collision that happened during the early hours of this morning (Wednesday December 27) in South Mimms.

Three men were walking home from a night out in St Albans towards Potters Bar, when for reasons unknown at this time, a male pedestrian aged in his early 30s, collided with a green Fiat Ulysse. It happened on the B556 St Albans Road, between the junctions of Blackhorse Lane, at 5.35am.

He was taken to St Mary's Hospital, where his condition is described as critical.

The road was closed on the M1 by junction 22 so that the man could be airlifted to hospital.

The driver of the car has been spoken to by officers.

Sergeant Will Hood said: "Sadly, a young man is in hospital with very serious injuries. We are particularly keen to speak to a male motorist who stopped at the scene, but left to go to work. We are also appealing for any other motorists who were using the road or saw what happened at 5.35am this morning to come forward so we can establish exactly what happened. This information could be vital to our investigation."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 quoting reference 77 of today's date.
