```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an incident in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 28 Jun 2020
title: Witnesses sought following incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-incident-in-stevenage-0275
```

* ### The incident occurred in an alleyway off King George V playing fields.

 * ### A man sustained injuries, believed to be stab wounds.

 * ### Enquiries are continuing at this time to trace two suspects.

Detectives investigating an incident in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 3.55pm on Saturday 27 June, police were contacted to report that a man had sustained injuries, believed to be stab wounds, in King George V playing fields.

It is believed that the man, aged in his 20s, was the victim of a robbery which took place in the alleyway connecting the park to Sish Lane. He remains in hospital at this time but his injuries are not being treated as life threatening.

The suspects, two males, are currently being sought by police.

Detective Sergeant Lisa Turner, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "I understand this incident may cause concern among the local community but I would like to reassure people that we believe this to be an isolated incident and there is that there is no wider threat to members of the public.

"Enquiries are continuing at this time to trace those involved. If you have any information which you think may assist us, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email lisa.turner@herts.police.uk

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 524 of 27 June.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
