```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison today (Friday, December 15) after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of 57 year old William Floyd from Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2017
title: Man sentenced for manslaughter - Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-for-manslaughter-Stevenage
```

* ### Robert Fisher has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for the manslaughter of William Floyd.

 * ### Fisher stabbed William, better known as Bill, in the back during an argument.

 * ### Bill's body was left undiscovered in his flat for almost a week.

A man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison today (Friday, December 15) after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of 57 year old William Floyd from Stevenage.

Robert Fisher, aged 31, of Nightingale Road, Hitchin, earlier pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Luton Crown Court on Monday, September 11.

The court heard how on Sunday, March 12, 2017, officers found Mr Floyd, better known as Bill, dead in his flat in Harrow Court after concerns were raised for his welfare. He had been stabbed in the back.

Fisher and Mr Floyd, who were known to each other, had become involved in an argument on March 6 which resulted in Mr Floyd being stabbed by Fisher.

He then left Mr Floyd undiscovered for almost a week.

Detective Sergeant Jo Goodson from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit said: "After refusing to answer all questions put to him during police interviews following his arrest, Fisher admitted stabbing Mr Floyd at Luton Crown Court on Monday, September 11.

"Although he has revealed that he carried out the attack following an argument at Mr Floyd's home he has never explained exactly why he decided to stab Mr Floyd. This has left his grieving family with many unanswered questions."

Robbie Weber, Senior Crown Prosecutor for Thames and Chiltern Crown Prosecution Service said: "Fisher refused to answer any questions during police interviews and stayed silent throughout. However, on September 11 at Luton Crown Court, owing to the strength of evidence against him - CCTV, forensic evidence, mobile phone cell site data - Fisher pleaded guilty to manslaughter, as an alternative to murder, and this plea was accepted by the prosecution team.

"We have worked closely with the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit since this investigation was launched and as a result of the hard work and diligence of the police and prosecution team, a just outcome has been achieved. The CPS and police are committed to protecting the public from violent criminals and will continue to vigorously prosecute all such offenders. Today's sentence should act as a deterrent to others that violence will simply not be tolerated in our communities.

"We know that nothing will bring Mr Floyd back to his family and friends, but we hope that the conviction and today's sentence bring them at least a small sense that justice has been done. Our thoughts are very much with them all at this time."
