```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a man was bitten by a dog in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 16 Aug 2018
title: Did you witness dog attack?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-dog-attack-1663
```

* ### **A man was bitten by a brown Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog.**

 * ### **It happened in a field behind Hitchin Rugby Club on Sunday, August 12.**

 * ### The victim required surgery to one of his arms.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after a man was bitten by a dog in Hitchin.

At around 10.30pm on Sunday, August 12, the victim - a man aged in his 40s - was walking his own dog in the field behind Hitchin Rugby Club, off Old Hale Way, when his pet was attacked by a brown Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog.

During the incident the dog bit the man's arm several times causing deep cuts, which required surgery.

The owner of the brown dog then placed his pet on a lead before apologising and walking off. He is described as a black man, of slim build and aged in his 20s.

PC Jamie Fannon-Hall, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who believes they know who the owner of this dog is to get in touch.

"I'd also like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact PC Fannon-Hall by emailing jamie.fannon-hall@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/27536/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
