```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the murder of Joy Morgan are appealing for anyone who has information about this pictured vehicle to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: "Joy Morgan murder investigation \u2013 have you seen this vehicle?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/joy-morgan-murder-investigation-have-you-seen-this-vehicle-2663b
```

* ### The vehicle belongs to Shohfah-El Israel, aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, who is charged with Joy Morgan's murder.

 * ### Joy, a 21 year old University of Hertfordshire midwifery student, was reported missing from Hatfield on Thursday, February 7.

 * ### Officers are keen to trace information around the vehicle.

Officers investigating the murder of Joy Morgan are appealing for anyone who has information about this pictured vehicle to get in touch.

The vehicle, which has been located, belongs to Shohfah-El Israel, aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, who is charged with murder.

He appeared at St Albans Crown Court this morning (Friday, March 1) and will next appear for a pre-trial preparation hearing on Friday, May 31, with a trial set for Monday, July 8.

Joy, a 21 year old University of Hertfordshire midwifery student, was reported missing from Hatfield on Thursday, February 7. She was last seen in Ilford on December 26, 2018.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "We know that Joy used to travel in this vehicle which is highly distinctive and I am particularly interested to hear from anybody who saw this vehicle over the festive period and into the New Year. If you recall seeing the vehicle during this period please call us with the circumstances and location.

"Any information you have about the vehicle, including when and where you saw it, could be vital to the investigation. Please do not hesitate to get in touch if you think you might be able to help."

Joy had links to Ilford, Battersea, Cricklewood, Stevenage and Luton. Her body has not yet been found and enquiries are on-going.

Any information that could assist the investigation can be submitted online here __

_You can also contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 orreport information online. _

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via theiruntraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them._

** **
