```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police have arrested a 50 year old woman following investigations into a recent unlicensed music event in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2020
title: "Woman arrested in connection with unlicensed music event in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-arrested-in-connection-with-unlicensed-music-event-in-bishops-stortford-0610
```

* ### The event took place at an industrial estate in East Herts last month.

 * ### A woman was arrested in London yesterday.

 * ### Investigations are continuing.

Police have arrested a 50 year old woman following investigations into a recent unlicensed music event in Bishop's Stortford.

Officers from East Herts Scorpion team made the arrest in south west London yesterday (Friday 11 September).

The woman was arrested on suspicion of money laundering and offences against the Licensing Act 2003.

During a subsequent search of an address, evidence was seized as part of an investigation under the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 in relation to an unlicensed music event.

The event took place on the evening of Sunday 30 August into Monday 31 August 2020 in an industrial premise in Bishop's Stortford, where more than 300 people were in attendance at a silent disco. Officers are now seeking to have funds, believed to have been made from the organisation of the event, frozen.

The arrest of this female is just the start of an investigation of the wider network behind the event, which included a specialised sound system and the unlawful sale of alcohol.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge said: "This is clear evidence that Hertfordshire Constabulary will pursue relentlessly and bring to justice any offenders who intend to organise similar events across Hertfordshire."

Chief Inspector Stuart Orton, the District Policing Commander for East Herts added: "In the current climate with COVID circulating ever more virulently in the community, and the latest legislative changes from HM Govt. regarding the permitted size of gatherings, it is imperative that the public abide by social distancing regulations. Breaches will be dealt with robustly and to the full extent of the law."

If you have information about a planned unlicensed event please let us know as soon as possible so that we can take the appropriate action. There are several indicators which may suggest that an unlicensed event such as a rave is being planned in your area - if you notice any of these, even if they may seem minor or insignificant, please report it to us via our online webchat.

Please be aware of the signs to spot, and inform the police if you see the following:

• Cropped bolts on gates
• Flattened or disturbed hedgerows car
• People in vehicles stopping to look into a field
• People climbing over a fence or gate to look into a field
• Posters or social media messages advertising a large gathering
• Vehicles entering fields or open spaces
• People unloading sound equipment

You can report information online, launch an online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo.
