```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are hoping to identify the owner of a jewellery box that was recovered in Hemel Hempstead, so they can reunite the owner with their belongings.
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2019
title: Do you recognise these items found in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-these-items-found-in-hemel-hempstead-1080
```

* ### A jewellery box was found outside a property in Briery Way, Hemel Hempstead

 * ### It contained multiple items, including rings, earrings and necklaces

 * ### Officers are hoping to reunite the owner with their belongings

Officers are hoping to identify the owner of a jewellery box that was recovered in Hemel Hempstead, so they can reunite the owner with their belongings.

Police were made aware of a blue Ernest Jones jewellery box which was found outside a property in Briery Way on Tuesday 19 November.

The box contained many distinctive pieces of jewellery, including three watches, two rings, three earrings, and silver necklaces (pictured).

PCSO Attila Cseh, of the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), said: "We are hoping to find the owner of this property - the items are very distinctive, and could possibly be of sentimental value to the owner. If you recognise these items, please get in touch so we can return them to you."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
