```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses, information and CCTV or dashcam footage following a road traffic collision in the early hours of Sunday (21 June) in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: Witness appeal following road traffic collision in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-in-hitchin-248
```

* ### Witnesses are being asked to come forward after a road traffic collision on Mattocke Road, Hitchin on Sunday 21 June.

 * ### A car collided with five other vehicles before its occupants fled the scene.

 * ### Call 101 quoting ISR 124 of 21 June if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses, information and CCTV or dashcam footage following a road traffic collision in the early hours of Sunday (21 June) in Hitchin.

At around 2.30am a stolen black Vauxhall Astra was in collision with five parked cars on Mattocke Road before flipping onto its roof. Two people were seen to run from the scene.

No injuries were reported.

PC Dale Morris, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Constabularies Road Policing Unit, said: "If you have information which could help with this investigation I'd like to hear from you.

"Do you live in the Mattocke Road area and have CCTV which could assist with our enquiries? Or were you in the area at the time in your vehicle and have a dashcam?

"If you have relevant footage or information I can be contacted directly via email at dale.morris@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 124 of 21 June.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
