```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police carried out a series of early morning raids on Wednesday 20 January at addresses in Hemel Hempstead, St Albans, Stanmore and Watford, in a large operation targeting organised crime groups.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021
title: Arrests made in operation targeting organised drug network
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-made-in-operation-targeting-organised-drug-network-1106
```

* ### Addresses raided in Hemel Hempstead, St Albans, Stanmore and Watford

 * ### Four men were arrested during the operation

 * ### Warrants carried out targeting organised crime groups

Police carried out a series of early morning raids on Wednesday 20 January at addresses in Hemel Hempstead, St Albans, Stanmore and Watford, in a large operation targeting organised crime groups.

Officers from the dedicated Hertfordshire Organised Crime Team, supported by local policing teams, the Eastern Regional Special Operations Unit and the Joint Protective Services Dogs Unit, searched several addresses, recovering thousands of pounds of cash and quantities of drugs.

Three were arrested during the operation on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

 * A 35-year-old man from Hemel Hempstead
 * A 42-year-old man from St Albans
 * A 40-year-old man from Watford

A 47-year-old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs. All four were released whilst the investigation continues.

Detective Superintendent Matt Thompson, who leads Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Relentless, said: "These warrants are the culmination of a long-term investigation into organised crime groups supplying drugs in the county.

"These crime groups use violence, supply drugs and commit a whole range of crimes that pose a real threat to the community. Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups create real problems in local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

You can report information about a crime online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. You also call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
