```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are trying to trace a number of drivers who may have witnessed an incident in Stevenage at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 28 May 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-incident-in-stevenage-0165
```

* ### The incident occurred in Gresley Way.

 * ### A man with a dog attempted to grab a woman's headphones.

 * ### Three vehicles reportedly stopped at the scene.

Police are trying to trace a number of drivers who may have witnessed an incident in Stevenage at the weekend.

At around 10.35am on Saturday 23 May, a woman aged her 40s was walking along Gresley Way when a man walking a dog approached in the opposite direction. The dog then jumped up at the woman.

As the man passed, he attempted to grab the woman's headphones from behind, but was unsuccessful.

Three vehicles then reportedly stopped and the man took his dog and walked off.

The woman was uninjured during the incident but left shaken by what happened.

The man is described as a black male, around 5ft 7in tall, with a beard. He was wearing a black T-shirt and black jogging bottoms.

PC Jamie Etheridge, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please get it touch. I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who was travelling in the vehicles that are reported to have stopped at the scene and anyone else who may have captured relevant dash cam footage."

You can contact PC Etheridge directly by emailing jamie.etheridge@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/40025/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
