```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two more people have been arrested and charged in connection with the murder of 23 year old Cameron Hill in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2019
title: Two more people arrested and charged in connection with Hatfield murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-more-people-arrested-and-charged-in-connection-with-hatfield-murder-0643b
```

* ### Nickell Moore, age 23, of Between Streets, Cobham and Najiib Hasan, age 22, of Queen Adelaide Road, London have been charged with murder.

 * ### 23 year old Cameron Hill was murdered in Hatfield on Monday 10 June.

 * ### Anyone with information should contact the BCH Major Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101.

Two more people have been arrested and charged in connection with the murder of 23 year old Cameron Hill in Hatfield.

They are:

 * Nickell Moore, age 23, of Between Streets, Cobham
 * Najiib Hasan, age 22, of Queen Adelaide Road, London

Both men have been charged with murder and appeared at Hatfield Remand Court yesterday morning (Wednesday 14 August).

At 1.25am on Monday 10 June, the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in St Peters Close, off St Albans Road West.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services at the scene, and later at Lister Hospital, Cameron, from North Mymms, sadly died.

Officers are still appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Anyone with any information should contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 25 of June 10.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * Christy Bishop, age 37, of St Peters Close, Hatfield; Nicholas Pitts, age 38, of Stockbreach Road, Hatfield; a 16-year-old boy from Hatfield; and Arnold Masumbundu, age 18 of Lyme Farm Road, have all been charged with murder. A trial has been set for 29 January 2020 at Cambridge Crown Court.
 * A 51 year old man from Hatfield who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender is released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 47 year old woman from Hatfield who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender is released under investigation while enquiries continue.
 * A 48 year old man from Bristol, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, was released with no further action.

** **
