```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested and class A drugs seized from a property in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020
title: Two arrested and class A drugs seized in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-and-class-a-drugs-seized-in-welwyn-garden-city-0683b
```

* ## Two people have been arrested and class A drugs seized from a property in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ## Crack cocaine, cash and a phone were also seized.

 * ## Anyone with information about drug dealing is urged to report their concerns.

Two people have been arrested and class A drugs seized from a property in Welwyn Garden City.

Operation Scorpion, who are tasked with tackling acquisitive crime such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences, attended an address in Birch Court yesterday (Monday 28 September).

They arrested a 37 year old man from Welwyn Garden City on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs. He was also arrested on suspicion of burglary in connection with an incident at John Lewis which happened in the town on Saturday 16 May.

A second individual - a 16 year old boy from Dagenham - was also arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply.

Both remain in custody at this time.

PC Angela Wilcox, from Operation Scorpion, said: "Crack cocaine, cash and a phone were also seized and I hope this news provides reassurance to local residents that we take their concerns about drug dealing seriously. Drugs destroy lives and communities and we are determined to do all we can to disrupt the local drugs trade.

"Reports from members of the public make a real difference to our investigations and I would urge anyone who suspects drugs activity in their local area to please continue reporting it to us. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.

_ _

** **
