```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of GBH in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 May 2018
title: "Appeal following a GBH \u2013 Hertford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-GBH-Hertford
```

* ### Police are appealing for information after a 16-year-old boy was assaulted in Hertford

 * ### It happened in an alleyway between Hagsdell Road and Mangrove Road between 6pm and 6.30pm on Thursday, May 17.

 * ### If you saw what happened, please call 101 quoting crime reference A1/18/1619

Officers investigating an incident of GBH in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in an alleyway between Hagsdell Road and Mangrove Road between 6pm and 6.30pm on Thursday, May 17.

The victim, a 16-year-old boy, was walking down the alleyway when he was approached by two men.

They hit him around the face with an unknown metal object, knocking him unconscious. Then then took his bank card from his wallet and made off.

After regaining consciousness, the victim walked home and called police. He was later assessed by a paramedic and had suffered bruising and swelling to his face.

The first offender is described as white, around 18 years old, 6ft tall and of a stocky build. He was wearing a navy blue baseball cap and a black tracksuit.

The second offender is also described as white, around 18 years old, 5ft 11in tall and of a thin build. He had short blonde hair and was wearing a black tracksuit.

PC Catherine Bell, who is investigating, said: "This was a nasty attack on a young man who was innocently going about his daily business.

"Though he was not seriously injured, it has left him understandably shaken and I want to reassure him and the wider community that I am doing all I can to trace those responsible.

"Were you in the area around the time stated? Did you see two people matching the description acting suspiciously, or perhaps running from the scene?

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email me at catherine.bell@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number A1/18/1619."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
