```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who made a false report of a robbery in Turnford so he could use a meat cleaver to assault the police officers who attended has been sentenced to four years imprisonment.
publish:
  date: 2 Apr 2019
title: Man who made false emergency call so he could attack police jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-who-made-false-emergency-call-so-he-could-attack-police-jailed-0002k
```

* ### Andrea Buzzanca was jailed for four years for the attack.

 * ### Buzzanca made a false emergency report to lure the officers to him.

 * ### Luckily, the officers were not seriously injured.

A man who made a false report of a robbery in Turnford so he could use a meat cleaver to assault the police officers who attended has been sentenced to four years imprisonment.

Twenty-three-year-old Andrea Buzzanca of Stanstead Road, Hoddesdon, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday, March 26 for sentencing after pleading guilty to charges of attempting to wound with intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon.

At around 3pm on Friday, April 13, 2018, Buzzanca called the police to report that he had been robbed near the Hertford Regional College in High Road.

He used the phone at the police base next to the college to make the call and awaited for officers to attend.

Two police officers from the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team were the first to arrive.

As the officers exited the car, Buzzanca took a meat cleaver out of a bag and swung it at them.

The cleaver struck the female officer's arm. She managed to get back into the officers' patrol vehicle, whilst calling for assistance.

Buzzanca then backed away from the officers. He dropped the knife, allowing the officers to arrest him.

Detective Constable Sam Davey from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit led the investigation into the incident. He said: "This was a truly shocking act as the attending officers believed they were speaking with a victim of crime, not a would-be attacker.

"Thankfully, neither officer was seriously injured. However, due to the dangerous and reckless actions of Buzzanca, the outcome could have easily been a lot, lot worse."

Broxbourne Chief Inspector Craig Flint said: "Despite coming under such a violent assault, both officers conducted themselves with complete professionalism, putting the safety of the public as their paramount concern.

"Whilst our officers never know what they might deal with during their day, no one should expect to be targeted and attacked. Thankfully such incidents are rare."
