```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses to come forward after further information came to light which may assist enquiries.
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses following assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-assault-in-waltham-cross-0553
```

* ### A man was assaulted in a block of flats.

 * ### The suspect was then chased through the high street and into a shopping centre.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police investigating an assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses to come forward after further information came to light which may assist enquiries.

Between 3pm and 3.30pm on Easter Sunday (21 April), a man was punched and kicked in the face, in the communal stairwell of a block of flats in Lambton Avenue.

The offender then ran off towards Fishpools and was chased along the high street by the victim, who lost sight of him.

The suspect is described as having olive skin, short dark hair, facial hair and a muscular/athletic build. He was wearing a black T-shirt, white shorts and white trainers with green and red stripes.

PC Richard Stewart, who is investigating, said: "This was an unprovoked attacked which left the victim with bruising around his eyes.

"We have been carrying out enquiries since the incident occurred to trace the offender, including house to house visits and a trawl of CCTV. It has recently come to light that the offender may have entered the Pavilion's Shopping Centre after being chased by the victim.

"I fully appreciate that the incident occurred a little while ago but we want to follow up all lines of enquiry wherever possible. I am therefore appealing for anyone who may have been in the centre at the time and remembers seeing a man of this description to please get in touch. The incident occurred on Easter Sunday so you may have been out in the area enjoying the long weekend.

"Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could assist our investigation.

"Anyone with information should contact PC Stewart via email to richard.stewart@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/36099/19.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
