```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has been charged with perverting the course of justice in connection with an attempted murder investigation in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2021
title: Woman charged with perverting the course of justice
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-justice-1280j
```

* ### A woman has been charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to an incident in Borehamwood.

 * ### On Tuesday 4 August 2020 a teenage boy was found with a gunshot wound in Borehamwood.

 * ### One man has been already been charged with attempted murder.

A woman has been charged with perverting the course of justice in connection with an attempted murder investigation in Borehamwood.

Police were called to the Ripon Way/Manor Way/Cranes Way area at 10.50pm on Tuesday 4 August 2020. Armed response officers and the East of England Ambulance Service attended and discovered a 16 year old boy with serious chest injuries. He remains in hospital with life-changing injuries.

Courtney Leeds, aged 18, of Beethoven Road, Elstree was arrested and subsequently charged on Wednesday (3 March) with perverting the course of justice. She has been remanded in custody.

A man from Borehamwood and a man from London were also arrested on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice as part of the same investigation. They have been released on police bail while enquiries continue.

 * Sean Price, aged 24 of Ipswich, Suffolk, has already been charged with attempted murder and possession of a firearm. He has been remanded in custody.
 * Joe Grange, aged 19, of Hartforde Road, Borehamwood has already been charged with perverting the course of justice. He has been remanded in custody.

The trial is scheduled for Monday 13 September at St Albans Crown Court.
