```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in North Herts are appealing for witness and information after break-ins at six local businesses in Hitchin Town Centre.
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Business burglary alert in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Business-burglary-alert-in-Hitchin-0699
```

Officers in North Herts are appealing for witness and information after break-ins at six local businesses in Hitchin Town Centre.

All of the offences happened overnight between Wednesday 23 September and Tuesday 29 September. The offender(s) gained entry through skylights or forced doors to the buildings.

The businesses targeted were Farm Foods, the Health Emporium, HRH, Paper Chase, Salsa and Soul and Peri-Peri. In each case cash was taken.

An offender was disturbed at the Farm Food premises overnight on the 23 September. He is described as a white male in his mid-thirties and riding a yellow bike.

Sergeant Al Clarke said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who thinks they might have seen this man or anyone who has any other information that could help our investigation. Were you in the town centre late at night during these times and did you see any suspicious activity?

"We are stepping up our patrols in the town centre overnight and are also advising businesses about additional security measures they could be taking."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/76785/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
