```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford during the early hours of today (August 31)."
publish:
  date: 31 Aug 2018
title: "Robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in--bishops-stortford-1724a
```

* ### The incident occurred at the skate park in Sworders Field.

 * ### Cash was stolen from one of the victims.

 * ### Police are asking anyone with information to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Bishop's Stortford during the early hours of today (August 31).

The incident occurred at the skate park in Sworders Field, at around 1.30am.

A group of teenagers were sitting in the park when they were approached by two men who were holding knives. One of the teenagers was punched in the face causing minor injuries while another had cash stolen from her.

The offenders then made off towards Grange Paddocks leisure centre.

The suspects are described as male and wearing hoodies and tracksuit bottoms.

Detective Constable Karen Parrott, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was seriously hurt but this was a frightening ordeal for the victims. I appreciate the incident occurred in the early hours but I would appeal to anyone who may have seen two people in the area, matching the descriptions given, to please get in touch. If you have any other information which may assist our enquiries, please contact us.

"It goes without saying that choosing to carry a knife is dangerous. Not only are you putting others at risk, but yourself also. I would urge people to think twice about the consequences of their actions."

Anyone with information about the robbery is asked to contact the East Herts Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/32363/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
