```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men from Borehamwood have been sentenced for drugs supply offences.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: Borehamwood men sentenced for drug supply offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/borehamwood-men-sentenced-for-drug-supply-offences-0827J
```

* ### Two men have been jailed for drug offences.

 * ### A significant amount of drugs were discovered following a police warrant in Borehamwood.

 * ### Call 101 to report criminality in your area.

Two men from Borehamwood have been sentenced for drugs supply offences.

Guy Ben-Aroya, aged 26, and Daniel Subandrio, aged 27, both of Buckingham Road were arrested following a proactive warrant at the property on 21 August 2020.

During the warrant, a bag was thrown from a window which contained drugs and cash and a further search of the property uncovered a large amount of cash and class A and B drugs.

Both men pleaded guilty at a hearing at St Albans Crown Court on 12 October. Ben-Aroya pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class B drugs, profiting from or concealing knowledge of the proceeds of crime and possession of a firearm (a stun gun). Subandrio pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class A drugs and profiting from or concealing knowledge of the proceeds of crime.

They were sentenced on Tuesday (3 November). Ben-Aroya was sentenced to 21 months and Subandrio was sentenced to 3 years and 9 months.

Chief Inspector for Hertsmere Mark Bilsdon said: "This warrant resulted in a significant amount of drugs and over £29,000 in cash seized, as well as two men, who had the potential to cause harm to our communities through the drugs they sold locked away for some time.

"We do not tolerate the dealing of drugs in the borough and will seek to arrest and deal with anyone who is involved in this criminality. I would urge anyone with information about suspected drug related activity to contact us or Crimestoppers with information so that we can take action."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/herts-echo and tell us your thoughts.
