```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Watford are appealing for a number of potential witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following a robbery - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-Watford
```

* ### A 14-year-old boy was the victim of robbery in Metropolitan Station Approach on Sunday, February 25

 * ### He was approached by a group of six teenage boys who assaulted him and demanded money from him

 * ### Did you see what happened? Call 101 quoting crime reference C1/18/1116

Officers investigating a robbery in Watford are appealing for a number of potential witnesses to come forward.

It happened on Metropolitan Station Approach at around 5.20pm on Sunday, February 25.

The victim, a 14-year-old boy, was approached by a group of six teenage boys who engaged him in conversation.

They then demanded money from him before assaulting him and taking his wallet, which contained bank cards and a small amount of cash.

The offenders made off in the direction of the tube station.

PC Jon Holmes, who is leading the investigation, said: "The victim was left understandably shaken by what happened. I want to reassure him and the wider community that my team and I are working hard to bring those responsible to justice.

"It has come to our attention that a number of people may have witnessed this robbery, in particular a man and a woman who passed the victim as he was being robbed. They are estimated to be in their 40s or 50s.

"Another man and woman were seen leaving the area in their car at the time of the incident. I would urge these people, and anyone else who witnessed what happened, to please contact me as soon as possible."

If anyone has any information relating to this incident, please email jonathan.holmes2@herts.pnn.police.uk, call 101 and ask for PC 2469 Holmes or report online at www.herts.police.uk/report _,_ quoting crime reference number C1/18/1116.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
