```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after two people were robbed during an incident in Croxley Green.
publish:
  date: 30 Jun 2020
title: Information sought following robbery in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/information-sought-following-robbery-in-croxley-green-0281
```

* ### Three friends were approached on a canal bridge near Watford Road.

 * ### A mobile phone, a bag and a jacket were stolen from two of the victims.

 * ### Four people have been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information after two people were robbed during an incident in Croxley Green.

At around 2.55am on Saturday 27 June, three friends (two men and a woman) were walking over the canal bridge off Watford Road when they were approached by a group of six to seven males who asked them for cigarettes.

One of the group then allegedly produced a knife before they demanded items from the victims.

A mobile phone and a black bag were subsequently stolen from one of the victims (a 20-year-old man), before a black Fred Perry jacket was forcibly removed from another (a 20-year-old man), who sustained a small wound to the back in the process.

The group then left the area and police were called.

Detective Constable Steve Mason, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "Our enquiries are continuing at this time and we are appealing for anyone with information to please come forward. I appreciate the incident occurred during the early hours but anyone who was in the area may have seen this group around. Any information could greatly assist us."

Anyone with information is asked to email steve.mason@herts.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/50139/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

• Four people have been arrested in connection with the incident and have been released on police bail while enquiries continue. They are a 21 year old man, a 17 year old boy, a 19 year old man and a 16 year old boy.
