```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Graveley this morning (Monday 12 August).
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2019
title: Appeal following fatal collision in Graveley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-graveley-0625
```

* ### The incident involved a motorcycle and a Jeep.

 * ### The motorcyclist sadly passed away.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Graveley this morning (Monday 12 August).

At just before 7am police and the ambulance service were called to the B197 junction with Graveley Lane following reports of a collision between a motorcycle and a Jeep.

The rider - a man aged in his 60s - sustained serious injuries which sadly proved fatal.

His next of kin have been made aware and are being supported by specially trained officers at this time.

Sergeant Martin Kemp of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of the rider at this time.

"We are working to understand what happened and we would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the collision.

"If you were in the area at the time of the collision and have a dash cam fitted please review it and contact us with any relevant footage."

Anyone with information should contact Martin Kemp via email to martin.kemp@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 102 of 12 August. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
