```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a distraction burglary in Shenley have released a facial reconstruction of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2019
title: Evo fit released following distraction burglary in Shenley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/evo-fit-released-following-distraction-burglary-in-shenley-0142j
```

* ### On Monday, April 8, a man entered the victim's house in Harper Lane, having claimed he was there to check the boiler.

 * ### Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as part of their enquiries.

 * ### Anyone who recognises him should contact DC Sally Brown on 101 or via email at sally.brown2@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference 41/32005/19.

Officers investigating a distraction burglary in Shenley have released a facial reconstruction of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between 9.45am and 10.21am on Monday, April 8, a man entered the victim's house in Harper Lane, having claimed he was there to check the boiler.

The offender conducted an untidy search of the bedrooms and took cash from a wallet. He is believed to have left the area in a black saloon car.

Detective Constable Sally Brown, who is investigating, said: "We are keen to identify this man as he may have information that could help us with our investigation. Do you recognise him? If so, please get in touch with me via email or on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/32005/19.

"If you have any other information about the burglary, I would also like to hear from you so please don't hesitate to get in touch if you think you can help."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
