```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: East Herts Community Safety Partnership has launched a Facebook page to allow for further engagement with local residents.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2019
title: East Herts Community Safety Partnership launches Facebook page
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/east-herts-community-safety-partnership-launches-facebook-page-2795a
```

* ### The page will offer an extra communication channel.

 * ### It will provide an insight into partnership working across the district.

 * ### It will feature regular updates from police and the district council.

East Herts Community Safety Partnership has launched a Facebook page to allow for further engagement with local residents.

The page will feature regular updates from police and East Herts Council around joint work to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour and to keep people safe.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "We are keen to make the most of any opportunity to engage with the public. Most people have an online presence and use the internet for daily things such as online banking and shopping, so this is a great way to communicate and raise awareness of the work we are doing. Our presence as part of the East Herts CSP Facebook page will allow us to reach an audience who might not otherwise receive it.

"We are particularly interested in interacting with social media users around issues such as setting our local policing priorities and demonstrating how we work together with our partners to keep East Herts a safe place to live.

 "We also welcome comments that local people may want to post on the site and while we will do our best to answer questions and reply to posts, the site isn't monitored 24/7. It is not intended as a means for reporting crime or anti-social behaviour and people are encouraged to continue to use the usual contact information to report incidents in their area, or dial 999 if there is an emergency."

A spokesperson for East Herts Council said: "The CSP page is a way of showing the community that we all work collectively to address issues in the district. It will help promote local and national campaigns, signpost people and provide a new way to engage with our communities."

If you would like to find out more about the work of the community safety partnership, you can 'like' the page.
