```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-two police officers were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their recent graduation ceremony.
publish:
  date: 31 May 2019
title: New officers join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-officers-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-0301e
```

* ### Thirty-two new officers recently graduated.

 * ### They are now starting shifts across the county.

 * ### We're holding a recruitment event on June 15 for people to find out more about joining the Constabulary.

Thirty-two police officers were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their recent graduation ceremony.

Having completed a 16-week training course at Longfield Training Development Centre in Stevenage, they are now starting their first shifts at their local stations across the county, putting into practice all they have learned.

The training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

The trainee officers also had opportunities to work alongside new Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service recruits, as they completed their respective training at the centre. This included joint exercises and the opportunity to get hands on with sophisticated fire brigade equipment.

During the graduation ceremony, which took place on May 17, the new recruits paraded in front of Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner David Gibson, their soon to be chief inspectors and family and friends.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "These officers have gone through a vigorous recruitment process and spent the last few months in intensive training, to ensure they are fully equipped to deal with life on the front line. They will be at the core of policing in the county and I am pleased to welcome them to the Constabulary."

Deputy Commissioner David Gibson, who attended the ceremony, said: "It is fantastic to see these new officers joining Hertfordshire Constabulary. I wish them long and successful careers with us. They are the latest examples of how we increasing frontline police officer numbers in Hertfordshire, in our commitment to maintaining local policing."

Thinking of joining the police? We're hosting a recruitment event at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Saturday, June 15 for people to find out more about the various roles we have on offer. More information is available here.
