```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a rape in Watford are appealing for a member of the public to make contact after he helped the victim.
publish:
  date: 5 Sep 2018
title: Appeal to trace member of the public who helped woman after rape in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-member-of-the-public-who-helped-woman-after-rape-in-watford-1733C
```

* ### Officers are appealing for the man to make contact as he may be able to assist with the investigation.

 * ### The incident happened at an address in North Watford in the early hours of Saturday, September 1.

 * ### The member of the public, or anyone else who can help, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/32800/18.

Officers investigating a rape in Watford are appealing for a member of the public to make contact after he helped the victim.

The incident happened at an address in North Watford, believed to be near to Garston rail station, in the early hours of Saturday, September 1.

During this time, the victim - a woman in her twenties, was raped by a man, before leaving the address between 3am and 5am.

Detective Sergeant Ben Smith, who is investigating, said: "When the victim left the address, she was kindly helped by a man who was passing by. We would like to speak to this member of the public as he may have useful information that will help us with the investigation.

"The victim is understandably shaken by what has happened and she is being supported by specially trained officers. We are doing all we can to trace the offender and so we are keen to hear from anyone who might have information about this incident.

"If you can help, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/32800/18. You can also report information online.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email or visit.
