```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in East Herts are appealing for witnesses and information following two burglaries at chemists in Buntingford.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2018
title: Police appeal following burglaries at chemists in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-appeal-following-burglaries-at-chemists-in-Buntingford-1785A
```

* ### Buntingford chemists targeted.

 * ### Police appeal for witnesses and information.

 * ### Dark coloured convertible Ford KA reported at both scenes.

Detectives in East Herts are appealing for witnesses and information following two burglaries at chemists in Buntingford.

The first burglary occurred on Friday February 9, at around 4.30 am. A dark coloured convertible Ford KA was reversed up to the front door of Lloyds chemist in the High Street and two offenders gained entry by smashing the front door. Once inside they took a large quantity of perfume. They then got back into the car and drove off in the direction of the Baldock Road.

The second burglary happened on Wednesday March 14, at around 3.50am. Two offenders wearing masks forced their way through the front door into Shah's Chemist in Buntingford High Street. Then then left the area in what was thought to be a dark coloured convertible Ford KA in the direction of Baldock Road. Details of any items stolen are unknown at this time.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed either of the burglaries or who has seen a dark coloured convertible KA in the area at any time.

"I would also like to speak to you if you have been offered perfume for sale or have any other information that could help our investigation. Remember you do not have to talk to us direct you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact DC Shaun Turner on 101 quoting crime reference number A5/18/88 or you can report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
