```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire\u2019s week of action on knife crime concluded on Sunday 15 November, during which the Constabulary carried out a range of operations to reduce the number of knives in the county."
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2020
title: Week of action against knife crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-knife-crime-week-886
```

* ### Hertfordshire knife crime week ran between 9 - 15 November

 * ### 168 knives recovered during operations

 * ### Officers engaged with young people on dangers of knives

Hertfordshire's week of action on knife crime concluded on Sunday 15 November, during which the Constabulary carried out a range of operations to reduce the number of knives in the county.

The week of action was held as part of Operation Sceptre, a national knife crime campaign, which began on Monday 9 November. During the week 168 knives were recovered through a range of activities including knife sweeps and stop and searches.

Other activities carried out during the campaign included engagement events with young people at 14 schools and visits to retailers to ensure they are adhering to laws regarding knife sales to those under 18. Knife detection operations, including covert and high visibility patrols in areas associated with anti-social behaviour, were also carried out. There was also a social media campaign aimed at young people.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd, said: "Although the risk of harm is very low in Hertfordshire we are not immune from national crime trends. Knife crime and serious youth violence has been a top priority for the Constabulary and partner agencies for several years. Progress has been made but the war is not won. Now, through our serious violence strategy, we have a better understanding of what works so everyone can focus on those areas."

Inspector Nicola Dean, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit who led the campaign, said: "Due to the pandemic, we were unable to hold an amnesty for this Operation Sceptre campaign, but it gave us an opportunity to focus our activities on talking to young people about knife crime and carrying out knife detection operations.

"These weeks of action support the other work we are doing throughout the year in schools, colleges and through our other projects, working with young people. As part of this strategy we are working with our partners in education, local government and social services to educate young people about the potential consequences of carrying a knife."
