```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are trying to trace a person who is believed to have witnessed a sexual assault in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following alleged sexual assault in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-sexual-assault-in-hatfield-0698b
```

* ## The alleged incident happened in the early hours of Sunday 23 August in Ellenbrook Fields

 * ## A 22 year old man from Hatfield has been arrested in connection with the incident.

 * ## Officers are keen to trace a witness who shouted out a window.

 * ## If you can help, contact DC Jon Holmes on 101 or at Jonathan.Holmes2@Herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/67448/20.

Officers are trying to trace a person who is believed to have witnessed a sexual assault in Hatfield.

The alleged incident happened in the early hours of Sunday 23 August.

Between around 2.30am and 3.30am, the victim - a woman in her twenties - was in Ellenbrook Fields, when she was reportedly sexually assaulted by a man.

A 22 year old man from Hatfield was subsequently arrested in connection with the incident and he has been bailed until Sunday 15 November.

Since the arrest, officers have uncovered new information that a potential witness shouted out of a window. Despite house to house enquiries, this witness remains unidentified.

Detective Constable Jon Holmes, from the Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team, said: "Firstly, I would like to acknowledge that news of this incident will be alarming to the public and I hope the arrest brings some reassurance.

"The incident happened near to the Hatfield Aerodrome Memorial in the park, just off The Runway and Dragon Road residential area. For this reason, we believe that a number of residents may have witnessed or heard the incident.

"We would like to speak to anyone who may have seen or heard what happened or anyone who has information in relation to the incident. Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation.

"We're particularly keen to trace the unidentified witness, who is reported to have shouted from a window, no doubt in an effort to assist the victim. We would like to speak with them as anything they saw or heard may be of great importance in the investigation. If this was you, I urge you to make contact as soon as possible.

"Anyone who can help should call the non-emergency number 101 or email DC Jonathan Holmes quoting crime reference 41/67448/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact the Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

Contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448 or email Herts SARC.
