```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a burglary in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are releasing CCTV images of two men they wish to speak with as part of their inquiries."
publish:
  date: 17 Aug 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following burglary at charity shop in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-burglary-charity-shop-bishops-stortford-1668
```

* ### Appeal following burglary in charity shop in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### Stolen bank cards were used in shops in the town.

 * ### It is believed the men pictured can assist officers with the investigation.

Officers investigating a burglary in Bishop's Stortford are releasing CCTV images of two men they wish to speak with as part of their inquiries.

At around 4.50pm on Monday, July 30 an offender distracted a member of staff in the Isabel Hospice charity shop in Bridge Street whilst another entered a staff only area.

When there they stole a purse and its contents. The victim's bank cards were then used to buy items in shops in the town.

Officers would like to speak with the men pictured as it is believed they have information in relation to the incident that could assist with the investigation.

Anyone who recognises the men or has information in relation to this incident is asked to contact PC Steve Gent via stephen.gent@herts.pnn.police.uk, the Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/22733/18, or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
