```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is offering drivers and businesses the opportunity to protect their vehicles from thieves targeting catalytic converters.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2020
title: Protect your vehicle from catalytic converter theft
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/protect-your-vehicle-from-catalytic-converter-theft-1466all
```

* ## Drivers warned of rise in catalytic converter thefts.

 * ## Free catalytic converter marking offered to drivers.

 * ## Visit www.herts.police.uk/crimeprevention for tips on protecting your vehicle.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is offering drivers and businesses the opportunity to protect their vehicles from thieves targeting catalytic converters.

Following a rise in these kinds of thefts across the country and in Hertfordshire the Constabulary has acquired security marking kits, which can help to deter thieves from stealing the units. There has been a great response so far from drivers wanting to take the chance to make their vehicles secure.

Catalytic converters, which are fitted to vehicle exhaust systems, are targeted by thieves because of the precious metals they contain. Due to where these units are located on the vehicle they are difficult to access and remove.

Inspector Nicola Dean, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit said: "Thieves have been targeting specific models and we have been offering free security marking to owners of pre 2008 Honda Jazz models, Toyota Prius (2004 to 2016 inclusive) and Toyota Arius (2012 to 2018 inclusive). Anyone who would like to arrange free catalytic convertor marking can contact Crime Prevention Officer Darren Cowell or by calling 01707 354668.

"We urge the public to remain vigilant and report incidents of suspected catalytic converter theft, particularly where people are trying to get under cars in public car parks or on public roads. If you see this happening, please call 999 immediately."

In order to minimise the chance of becoming a victim of catalytic converter theft we offer the following advice:

• Lock your car in a garage when parked at night.
• When using a garage is not possible, park close to fences, walls or a kerb with the exhaust being closest to the fence, wall or kerb to make theft difficult.
• Consider fitting CCTV on your home or driveway, to help deter thieves.
• Use PIR or LED security lighting to make your vehicle more visible and this can also act as a deterrent.
• If your catalytic converter is bolted on, consider having the bolts welded to make removal difficult.
• Fit protective coverings on catalytic converters, such as the Toyota manufactured CATLOC device, (these are made for Toyota Prius made between 2004 and 2009) as these can make it much more difficult for thieves.
• Have your catalytic converter etched or forensically marked, and put stickers in the windscreen to say this has been done.
• Look for car parks with a Secured Car Park sign which have recognised levels of security. If you have a garage at home, ensure you use it and lock it properly.
• Noisy gravel on your drive can help deter a would-be thief, as they don't want to alert you to their approach.

For more crime prevention advice, please visit our website.

Alternatively, you can stay anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
