```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are warning shoppers in Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth to be on their guard following a series of thefts in the towns recently. The incidents mainly involve purses being stolen from handbags and shopping trollies."
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2017
title: Police Issue Advice Following Purse Dippings
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-Issue-Advice-Following-Purse-Dippings-1200A
```

* ### Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth see an increase in purse dippings.

 * ### Purses are being taken from handbags and out of bags in shopping trolleys.

 * ### Keep your purses and wallets safe and be aware of what is going on around you.

Police are warning shoppers in Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth to be on their guard following a series of thefts in the towns recently. The incidents mainly involve purses being stolen from handbags and shopping trollies.

Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Mark Collins said: "We are urging shoppers to be particularly vigilant now that we are entering a very busy period in the town centres. Please keep your purses and wallets safe and be aware of what is going on around you.

"My officers are working to identify the people committing these crimes and are keen to hear from anyone who has seen any suspicious activity. This should also be reported to the store manager if it has happened in a shop, as most of the stores are part of 'Shop Watch' which allows them to share information with each other and catch offenders in the act."

The tactics deployed by these offenders include bumping into victims and gradually unzipping their bag when passing the victim a number of times. Bags left in trolleys are also being targeted.

"If possible have the strap diagonally across yourself so that you have your bag close to you at all times," continued Mark. "When in shops please keep your handbag in sight. It takes mere moments to become distracted enough for someone to take your purse without you noticing."

If anyone has information about these crimes, or has seen someone behaving suspiciously, please get in contact with us via the police non-emergency number 101. Call 999 if you think a crime is in progress."

**Shoppers should also adopt the following crime prevention advice:**

 * Think about putting your purse in a front pocket rather than in an open bag.
 * Attaching a bell to your wallet or phone can make a real difference and help keep your valuables secure.
 * Use a handbag that can be closed properly so that it is more difficult for someone to open it and reach in.
 * Keep your handbag in front of you so you can see it at all times.
 * If you do keep your purse in a shopping bag, put your purse at the bottom and not near the top and use a shopping bag that can be closed.
 * Don't keep pin numbers for you cards in your purse or wallet.
 * Be as secure with your mobile phone as you would your purse or wallet and ensure it is put away safely if you use it in the street.
 * Be aware of the people immediately around you.
