```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A St Albans resident was given a partial closure order by St Albans magistrates on Thursday (January 30) after police proved that his home was being used for drugs.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2020
title: Another partial closure order put on St Albans address
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/another-partial-closure-order-put-on-st-albans-address-1354
```

* ### The property, in Charrington Place, was being used to deal drugs

 * ### During a warrant, officers found suspected Class A drugs

 * ### No one can enter the property for three months

A St Albans resident was given a partial closure order by St Albans magistrates on Thursday (January 30) after police proved that his home was being used for drugs.

Police told the court that the property in Ellis House, Charrington Place, owned by High Town Housing Association, was being used by people to deal drugs.

Sergeant Mike Saunders from Community Safety Unit, said: "We worked closely with High Town Housing Association to apply for the closure order following complaints by residents about ongoing disruptive and anti-social behaviour.

"We were able to prove that the occupant had allowed his property to be involved in drug use and therefore the court, under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, put the partial closure order on."

He explained: "This means that no-one is able to enter the property apart from the occupant, High Town Housing Association and the emergency services for three months. A breach of the order is a criminal offence under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014."

Before the order was issued, officers carried out a warrant at the address on Tuesday 21 January. Powder, believed to be Class A drugs and drugs paraphernalia were seized.

A full closure order was placed on an address in Telford Court earlier this month (9 January) and a partial closure order was placed on a property in Ladies Grove in September.

Sergeant Saunders added: "We will continue to deal with ongoing anti-social problems and this is one of many options available to us. No-one should have to live near drugs or put up with anti-social behaviour."

If you are worried about drug use or dealing in your local area, you can _report information online_ , speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our _online web chat_ or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their _untraceable online form_.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire _using echo_.

Pictured from left to right: PC Dan Bleach, Simran Chana from the police Community Safety Unit and PC Mike Wilson.
