```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Hitchin where a woman was pushed into an alleyway and touched inappropriately are re-appealing for two people who came to her aid to make contact with police.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2017
title: Re-appeal for two men who helped victim of alleyway assault to make contact with police
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-two-men-helped-victim-alleyway-assault-make-contact-with-police
```

* ### Officers re-appeal for two people to come forward who came to the aid of a woman in Hitchin who was pushed into an alleyway.

 * ### The woman was touched inappropriately by a man known to her.

 * ### Incident occurred at around 3am on Saturday, August 26 along Churchyard in Hitchin.

 * ### Offender is described as being white, aged between 30 and 32 years old, of stocky build and with brown short hair.

Officers investigating an incident in Hitchin where a woman was pushed into an alleyway and touched inappropriately are re-appealing for two people who came to her aid to make contact with police.

At around 3am on Saturday, August 26, the victim - aged in her 20s - was walking along Churchyard when she was pushed into an alleyway by the offender who is known to her.

The victim shouted for help and two people came to her aid. The offender then ran off towards the taxi rank. He is described as being white, aged between 30 and 32 years old, of stocky build and with brown short hair.

Detective Constable Gary Larkman, who is investigating, said: "Despite our previous appeal in September we have been unable to identify the two people who helped this woman.

"We believe they may have key information that could help with our investigation so it is important that we speak to them."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Larkman via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number **101** , quoting crime reference G1/17/2862.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
