```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following an incident of road rage assault in Ware.
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2019
title: Witness appeal following assault in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-ware-0978
```

* ### Officers are investigating an incident of road rage assault in Ware

 * ### Following a collision, a man attempted to drag the victim out of his car, and then punched him in the face

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage

Officers are appealing for witnesses following an incident of road rage assault in Ware.

The incident happened by the A602 roundabout junction with the A10, on Thursday 31 October, at approximately 1.45pm.

Two cars - a blue Ford KA and a silver Vauxhall Astra - were involved in a collision. The driver one of the vehicles then attempted to drag the other out of his car. He then punched him in the face three times.

PC Thomas Carter, who is investigating, said: "This incident has understandably left the victim shaken up. We are asking for anyone who witnessed the incident, or who believes they may have information, to contact us.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time who may have captured dash cam footage of the collision or the assault. Please review your footage, and send it to us if you think it could assist with our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact PC Carter directly via email at thomas.carter@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/98531/19.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
