```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 42-year-old man has been sentenced to 40 weeks imprisonment for thefts from motor vehicles in St Albans and Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2019
title: Man sent to prison for thefts from motor vehicles in St Albans district
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sent-to-prison-for-thefts-from-motor-vehicles-in-st-albans-district-0333
```

A 42-year-old man has been sentenced to 40 weeks imprisonment for thefts from motor vehicles in St Albans and Harpenden.

Murray Bierman, of Ruthin Close in Luton, pleaded guilty to three thefts from motor vehicle, a fraud by false representation and five breaches of his community protection notice at Hatfield Remand Court yesterday (June 6).

In addition to the custodial sentence, Bierman was also ordered to pay fines and costs to the court.

A laptop was stolen from an address in Park Street between May 30 and May 31 from an insecure vehicle. The laptop has been returned to the victim.

A bank card was stolen from an insecure vehicle parked in address in Station Road in Harpenden between April 24 and April 25. The card was subsequently used at the Shell garage, Sainsbury's, Argos and Dominos in Luton. Bierman was captured on CCTV using the card.

A mobile phone was stolen from an insecure car parked in Park Hill in Harpenden. The mobile has been returned to the victim.

Detective Sergeant Tom Evans said: "Bierman is well known to us and we suspected he was responsible for the vehicle thefts in St Albans and Harpenden, so we are very pleased he received a custodial sentence. Bierman was only interested in stealing items from insecure cars as he didn't want to attract any unnecessary attention. However, fortunately in one of the offences, doorbell camera footage captured him stealing a mobile phone from a Golf in Harpenden."

He said: "I would strongly encourage residents to **remove all valuables and lock your vehicles.** I'd also consider investing in doorbell and security cameras, which often act as deterrents."
