```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) has joined the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2018
title: Introducing a new PCSO for Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Introducing-a-new-PCSO-for-Royston-0024
```

* ### A new PCSO has joined Royston's Safer Neighbourhood Team.

 * ### PCSO Charlie Crichton will be working within the community to tackle any problems and improve the quality of life for residents.

A new Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) has joined the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team.

Charlie Crichton is now part of the Safer Neighbourhood Team, which consists of PCSOs and PCs working within the community to improve the quality of life for residents and make the area safer by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB). Charlie joined the team after completing a six week training course.

Prior to joining the Constabulary PCSO Charlie Crichton worked in a local shop and was studying photography. He has responsibility for Royston Town.

He said: "I'm really enjoying my new role as a PCSO, particularly getting out and about and meeting new people from different walks of life. I decided to join the Constabulary as I wanted to do something in the community which would help local people in their times of need.

"I'm looking forward to becoming better known in the community and one thing I have really liked so far about the area I cover is how nice and welcoming everyone has been. I really hope that through this role I will be able to help as many people as possible and to make them aware of how to protect themselves from becoming a victim of crime."

**Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Guy Westwood said:** "Charlie is a great asset to the Safer Neighbourhood Team in Royston and I am delighted to welcome him.

"PCSOs and police officers on the Safer Neighbourhood Team do a great deal of great work in the community tackling offences that concern local people the most such as anti-social behaviour, burglary and motor vehicle crime. We also work hard to also identify people who may be vulnerable to crime and find solutions to help them. Charlie will be out on his beat on proactive patrols, so has a big role to play in being a visible deterrent to criminals."

You can contact Charlie direct via email or phone the non-emergency number 101 and ask for him. You can also speak to him on his airwaves radio if he is on duty. Dial 01707 354192 and say the name of the officer you wish to speak to. Always dial **999** in an emergency.

Charlie Crichton
