```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead, during which a Rolex watch was stolen, are releasing images of the item in a bid to trace it and those responsible for stealing it.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: Have you seen watch stolen from Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-you-seen-watch-stolen-from-HemelHempstead-1262D
```

* ### The Rolex was stolen from a property on November 27.

 * ### Jewellery and a camera were also taken during the burglary.

 * ### Detectives are appealing for anyone who may have seen the watch to come forward.

 * ### Residents are being reminded to ensure PVCu doors are fully locked by using a key.

Rolex watch stolen

Detectives investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead, during which a Rolex watch was stolen, are releasing images of the item in a bid to trace it and those responsible for stealing it.

Between 9.30am and 10.30am on Monday, November 27 access was gained to a property in Rannoch Walk. A search was carried out and several items were taken, including a digital camera and jewellery, as well as the Rolex ( _pictured_ ).

Detective Constable Paula Mowbray, from Dacorum Crime Unit said: "The watch is fairly distinctive so I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may have come across it, or seen it advertised for sale, to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area around the times stated.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to review their home security. Please ensure that PVCu doors are fully secured by lifting the handle and locking it with the key. Further home security advice is available on the Herts Police website."

Anyone with information about the burglary is asked to contact Dacorum Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/17/9633, or use the online reporting form. Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
