```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Harpenden have released CCTV images of two men they believe may be able to assist with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2020
title: CCTV images released following burglary in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-images-released-following-burglary-in-harpenden-1593f
```

* ## Detectives investigating a burglary in in Harpenden have released a CCTV image of two men they believe may be able to assist with their enquiries.

 * ## A burglary happened in Crosthwaite Court.

 * ## You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Harpenden have released CCTV images of two men they believe may be able to assist with their enquiries.

A burglary happened in Crosthwaite Court between 12.05pm and 12.35pm on Monday January 10.

Detective Constable Zoe Austwick, who is investigating, said: "If you recognise the men pictured contact me via email as we believe they were in the area and may have information which could help with our investigation."

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
