```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A prolific shoplifter from Hertford has been issued with a second Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2017
title: East Herts shoplifter issued with a second
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/East-Herts-shoplifter-issued-with-second-1304A
```

##

 * ## **Second CBO for persistent East Herts shoplifter**

 * ## **CBO will run for another five years**

 * ## **Failure to comply could mean imprisonment**

A prolific shoplifter from Hertford has been issued with a second Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO).

CBOs replace Anti-Social Behaviour Orders (ASBOs) and Drinking Banning Orders on conviction and are issued by a criminal court to tackle the most persistent anti-social individuals who are also engaged in criminal activity.

Michael Cakebread, aged 29, of no fixed address, was first issued with a CBO on September 25, 2015, following five convictions of shop lifting. Since then he has unfortunately continued to offend.

His latest conviction and sentencing was at Hatfield Magistrates Court on September 22, 2017, after he was charged with a shop lifting offence in Tesco in Ware and two breaches of his CBO.

As his current CBO was coming to an end and due to the prolific nature of his offending, a second CBO was applied for by the East Herts Community Safety Unit and successfully granted by the Stevenage Magistrates court on December 1.

The latest CBO will run for five years and as part of the order Michael Cakebread must not:

 * Ride any pedal cycle or any human powered vehicle including a power assisted cycle on:HARTHAM LANE, HERTFORDMADFORD RETAIL PARK, WARE ROAD, HERTFORDHIGH STREET, WARE
 * START STREET, WARE
 * HIGH STREET, STANSTEAD ABBOTTS
 * BENGEO STREET, HERTFORD
 * FLEMING STREET, HERTFORD
 * Enter HERTFORD town centre as defined by a map
 * Enter Co-op, SAINSBURYS, TESCO, BOOTS, MARKS & SPENCER, MATALAN, POUNDSTRETCHER anywhere is HERTFORDSHIRE
 * Run, walk or cycle away from any Police Officer when it's clear that they wish to speak to him

If he does not comply with the order, he will be committing a further offence and could face imprisonment.

Community Safety Sergeant Claire Ramirez said: "Despite efforts by numerous agencies to work with Mr Cakebread to steer him away from crime, his offending has continued and we have therefore sought this order.

"We will do everything in our power to bring persistent offenders to justice and help provide some respite for businesses who fall victim to their behaviour. If you witness the order being breached please contact police straight away."

** **
