```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft from a funeral parlour in Knebworth.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses after theft in Knebworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-theft-in-knebworth-1170
```

* ### We are appealing for witnesses following the theft of some money from a funeral parlour in Knebworth.

 * ### The incident took place on Thursday 12 December.

 * ### Call 101 and quote reference 41/111645/19 if you can help with our enquiries.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft from a funeral parlour in Knebworth.

The incident occurred on Thursday 12 December at around 2.15pm.

A man entered JJ Burgess & Sons Funeral Parlour on Station Road and stole a sum of money which was on the counter.

The man is described as Asian/Spanish looking, 5ft 10ins tall wearing a blue woolly bobble hat and a blue/green jacket.

PC Rachel Williams said: "I'm interested to hear from anyone who saw a man matching the description in the area at the time of this incident to please get in touch with me via email at _rachel.williams2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ "

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/111645/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
