```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Members of Girlguiding in South St Albans were challenged to design a commemorative lockdown badge by their leaders.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2020
title: Commemorative lockdown badge designed by St Albans girl guides for NHS
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/commemorative-lockdown-badge-designed-by-st-albans-girl-guides-for-nhs-0116f
```

* ## St Albans Girlguides design a commemorative lockdown badge.

 * ## The winning design was chosen by St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick.

 * ## It will be made and sold to members of Girlguiding to help raise money for the NHS.

Members of Girlguiding in South St Albans were challenged to design a commemorative lockdown badge by their leaders.

Out of 29 entries from members of Rainbows, Brownies, Guides and Rangers, three finalists were selected by adult leaders from the district during a virtual meeting.

The overall winner was 14-year-old Gracie, who is a member of St Albans South Rangers and her design was chosen by Detective Inspector Alex Warwick. She said: "I think that all three finalists are absolutely brilliant and would all make wonderful badges. They are all rightful winners and it has been a difficult decision to choose an overall winner, but the one that I am particularly drawn to is Gracie's."

She said: "My reason is that the design is bright and cheerful and makes me smile. I like the symbolism of the padlock, rainbow and hearts. She added: "I hope that I can meet the winners and congratulate them in person in the near future."

The winning badge will be sent off to be made. DC Zoe Austwick, who volunteers with the girlguiding group and helped organise the competition, explained: "Leaders within the district have been sending out activities supplied by Girlguiding for girls to do at home and some are running virtual sessions for girls in their units to take part in. We organised the commemorative badge competition to remind us of this period of lockdown. Some of the girls have family members who work for the NHS and this is a great way of giving all young members the opportunity of supporting their community.

"We are planning on selling the badge to members from our district with all profits going towards NHS Charities Together."

The Girlguiding St Albans South District includes girls aged between 5 and 18 who are members of Rainbow, Brownie, Guide or Ranger Units in the area.
