```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Seven people were issued with Fixed Penalty Notices for breaching COVID-19 restrictions by meeting in a park to let off fireworks in the early hours of this morning (Thursday 5 November).
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2020
title: Seven issued with fines for flouting lockdown rules
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/seven-issued-with-fines-for-flouting-lockdown-rules-0836
```

Seven people were issued with Fixed Penalty Notices for breaching COVID-19 restrictions by meeting in a park to let off fireworks in the early hours of this morning (Thursday 5 November).

Police were called by several residents just after 1am to reports of loud bangs coming from King George Recreation Ground in Bushey.

Officers attended and seven people - a group of men and woman aged from 19 to 22 - were located and each given £200 fines for breaching the lockdown rules, which came into effect at 12.01am today. They were carrying around £500 worth of fireworks with them, which were confiscated by officers and will be destroyed.

Hertsmere Sergeant Matt Cann said: "Not only is letting off fireworks in a public park in the early hours of the morning both anti-social and dangerous, this group of young people were also in breach of the lockdown rules.

"Their actions showed a complete disregard for the second lockdown and the tough measures that the majority of us are committed to living by to ensure that we drive down the infection rate to protect our NHS and save lives."

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls added: "Under the government rules, people have been told to stay at home and non-essential shops, pubs and gyms ordered to close. Households are banned from mixing indoors or in private gardens, unless in a support bubble.

"The rules are in place for everyone's safety and our officers will continue to engage with people proportionately, fairly with a common-sense approach to support the new regulations.

"Of course, not following the measures put in place to limit the spread of coronavirus is unacceptable and anyone who knowingly or deliberately break the rules, should expect to receive a fine.

"In the coming days, as people mark Bonfire Night and Remembrance Sunday I thank them in advance for doing so responsibly."

Remember - 'Hands. Face. Space.':

 * hands - wash your hands regularly and for 20 seconds
 * face - wear a face covering in indoor settings where social distancing may be difficult, and where you will come into contact with people you do not normally meet
 * space - stay 2 metres apart from people you do not live with where possible, or 1 metre with extra precautions in place (such as wearing face coverings or increasing ventilation indoors)

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
