```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage, following a collision on the A1M in Stevenage this morning (Saturday, May 4).
publish:
  date: 4 May 2019
title: Appeal following collision on the A1M - Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-on-the-a1m-stevenage-0169MD
```

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage, following a collision on the A1M in Stevenage this morning (Saturday, May 4).

Shortly after 10am this morning, police received a report of a silver Mazda 6TS that was in the central reservation between junctions 8 and 7, southbound.

It is believed that the vehicle may have been involved in another collision before it collided with the central reservation.

A woman in her forties has been taken to hospital in a serious condition.

The carriageway has been closed while emergency services deal with the incident. Motorists are advised to avoid the area.

Sergeant James Wood, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anybody who saw what happened to please get in touch.

"Did you see the vehicle before it was in collision with the central reservation? Did you witness it involved in another collision? If you did, or if you captured it on dash cam footage, please contact us so that we can get a better understanding of what happened.

"If you can help, please email PC Tony Saunders, the investigating officer, at _tony.saunders@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 266 of May 4."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
