```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with a robbery which is alleged to have occurred in Hertford on Saturday (20 March).
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2021
title: Two arrested following robbery in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-following-robbery-in-hertford-1337a
```

* ### Two e-scooters were reportedly stolen after the victims were threatened.

 * ### An off-duty police officer was threatened and a member of the public was assaulted as they tried to assist.

 * ### Two teenagers have been arrested and released on bail.

Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with a robbery which is alleged to have occurred in Hertford on Saturday (20 March).

Police were called shortly after 4.45pm, to report that two electric scooters had been stolen in Hartham Common.

The victims, both aged 15, were with a group of friends, when they were reportedly approached and threatened by another group of males, one of whom was allegedly in possession of a knife.

The group then left the area.

A search was carried out, with assistance from the National Police Air Service.

An off-duty police officer also assisted and was threatened, before sustaining a minor injury to his hand. A member of the public was subsequently assaulted as he tried to intervene.

Two boys, aged 17 and 16, were arrested. They have been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.

The scooters were recovered.

Detective Sergeant Daniel Piper, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We are aware that rumours have been circulating on social media about the incident. I would like to reassure people that, thankfully, no one was seriously hurt. We are, however, taking the matter very seriously and our enquiries are continuing at this time.

"I am appealing for anyone with information, who hasn't yet spoken to police, to please get in touch. I'm particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured mobile phone footage which could assist our enquiries.

"I would also urge people to please be mindful about what they are posting on social media about the incident, as it could severely affect the integrity of the case moving forward. By law, whether you agree or not, anyone aged under 18 is granted anonymity during criminal proceedings."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact Detective Constable Rebecca Watson by email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20180/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
