```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Welwyn Garden City where two people sustained stab wounds.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2020
title: Appeal following assault in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-welwyn-garden-city-1404b
```

* ## An altercation took place in Wigmores North in the early hours of Saturday (8 February).

 * ## Two people sustained stab wounds.

 * ## Witnesses or anyone with information should call DC Chris Jones on 101 or email him at _christopher.jones@herts.pnn.police.uk_

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Welwyn Garden City where two people sustained stab wounds.

At around 1.30am on Saturday 8 February, an altercation took place in Wigmores North, an alleyway off Howardsgate.

A 25 year old man and a 17 year old man sustained stab wounds. Officers attended the scene and carried out a thorough search of the area but the suspect, a teenage boy, remains outstanding at this time.

Detective Constable Chris Jones, who is investigating, said: "Both victims went to hospital for treatment, with one of them needing surgery. Thankfully, their injuries are not life-changing but this was understandably a frightening incident and we are doing all we can to trace the person responsible.

"The assault happened in a busy location so I am hopeful that there are many witnesses who could help our investigation.

"Did you see what happened? Did you capture it on video? Please get in touch if you think you can help. Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"If you can help, please contact me by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me quoting crime reference 41/11746/20."

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "I understand news of this assault will have caused alarm to local residents and I would like to reassure you that we are treating it as an isolated incident. My team are working around the clock to trace the suspect and bring them to justice. If you can help, please do not hesitate to get in touch."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
