```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As Christmas approaches, the Constabulary tends to see an increase in burglaries across the county and this includes North Herts.
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2017
title: Detective Inspector warns North Herts residents about Christmas burglary risk
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Detective-inspector-warns-northherts-residents-about-christmas-burglary-risk-1293G
```

* ### Detective Inspector write to local residents about burglary risks.

 * ### Incidents of burglary tend to increase around the Christmas period.

 * ### There are simple crime prevention tips you can consider to help protect your home.

As Christmas approaches, the Constabulary tends to see an increase in burglaries across the county and this includes North Herts. To prepare for this seasonal trend, North Herts, Detective Inspector Mike Keane, who leads the district's Local Crime Unit, has written to 500 residents in Hitchin, Letchworth, Baldock and Royston to warn them about burglary risks and to give them crime prevention advice.

The 500 people who have been written to live in current 'hotspot' burglary areas and locations where addresses were targeted last Christmas.

**Detective Inspector Keane said** : "I do not wish to alarm people and would like to reassure local residents that myself and North Herts' Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley are doing all we can to use all available resources to tackle this seasonal increase in burglaries, identify those responsible and bring them to justice.

"Offences can happen during the daytime and evenings when occupants are not at home. Entry to properties has been gained via both front and rear doors. Last year, on occasions considerable damage was caused, so offenders were not covert in their actions. I also believe some offenders spend time in the area prior to offences being committed, often taking time to research the streets and levels of activity.

"Over the coming weeks in the lead up to Christmas we will be increasing our high visibility and covert patrols. And I'd like to urge residents to be more vigilant. You are best placed to know when something looks out of place in your neighbourhood. If you suspect a person is in your neighbourhood to commit a crime or you see a vehicle in suspicious circumstances please don't hesitate to contact us, so officers can attend and determine whether the person/vehicle is there lawfully."

**Mike added** : "Residents can also help us in the fight against burglary by securing their homes. There have been some great advances in home security technology and the costs are coming down all the time. Whilst it is still important to remember to secure windows and double-lock PVCu doors, by lifting the handle and turning the key to engage all the safety features, there are now security cameras and lighting that can help to make your home even safer.

"Criminals will always prefer to target unoccupied homes. If you give your home a lived in look, by using a timer switch to turn on a light, radio or TV, when it gets dark then criminals are more likely to avoid your home."

If you see anyone behaving suspiciously around your street, please report it to police via the non-emergency number 101 straight away. If however, you feel could be witnessing a burglary or any other crime in action, please dial 999 immediately.

Hertfordshire Constabulary would also recommend residents consider the follow crime prevention advice to further secure their homes:

 * **Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.**
 * **Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.**
 * **Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV. **
 * **Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.**
 * **Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.**
 * **Join Hertfordshire 's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: ****www.owl.co.uk** **.**

** **
