```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Local Crime Unit in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information after an altercation at an address in the town left a man with serious injuries.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Witnesses sought following GBH
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-gbh-2001E
```

* ### Altercation at property leaves one man injured.

 * ### Victim and offender are believed to be known to each other.

 * ### Local detectives appeal for information.

Officers from the Local Crime Unit in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information after an altercation at an address in the town left a man with serious injuries.

The incident happened last night (Tuesday October 30) at around 10pm at a house in Sutcliffe Close. The victim, an 18 year old local man, was attacked by another man who was visiting the address. He suffered what are believed to be knife related injuries to his legs and head. He has received treatment at hospital and has since been discharged.

Detective Sergeant Fay Tooley said: "We believe the victim and the offender are known to each other, but we are appealing for anyone who has any information about this incident to get in touch.

"If you witnessed the attack or were in the area and heard the altercation please contact us. If you have any other information which may help our enquiries, however insignificant you may think it is, please contact me on 101 or contact Crimestoppers if you wish to remain anonymous.

Anyone who has any information about the incident is asked to contact DS Fay Tooley via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference **41/51451/18**. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
