```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating a series of alleged indecent exposures in the Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth area have made an arrest."
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2019
title: Man arrested in connection with indecent exposures in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-in-connection-with-indecent-exposures-in-east-herts-0340a
```

* ### Seven incidents have been reported in Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth.

 * ### On each occasion the suspect is reported to have had his face covered.

 * ### A man has been arrested and released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detectives investigating a series of alleged indecent exposures in the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth area have made an arrest.

A 53-year-old man from Bishop's Stortford was arrested on Thursday (June 6) and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Since October 2018, police have received seven reports of a man wearing a white mask or facial covering, indecently exposing himself to women.

Detective Sergeant Sam Alcock, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "My team and I are fully aware of the concern these incidents have caused in the local community. We have been working hard to investigate and make an arrest. Our enquiries are continuing at this time and if you have any information which may assist us, please get in contact."

Anyone with information should contact the East Herts Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
