```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CThieves are stealing high-value keyless cars \u2013 make sure yours is not the next one to be targeted,\u201D said St Albans Detective Sergeant Jon Green."
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2018
title: Make your high-value vehicle secure to prevent car thieves in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/make-your-high-value-vehicle-secure-to-prevent-car-thieves-in-stalbans-0539F
```

* ### Thieves are stealing high-value keyless cars in the St Albans district.

 * ### Make your expensive car as unattractive as possible to an opportunist thief by taking simple and inexpensive steps.

 * ### Keep your car key fob away from your front door, invest in a Faraday bag pouch, invest in an anti-theft device like a crook lock and park in a garage.

"Thieves are stealing high-value keyless cars - make sure yours is not the next one to be targeted," said St Albans Detective Sergeant Jon Green.

He explained: "Car criminals are by-passing the technology and stealing high-value cars to order."

A high-value keyless BMW was stolen at 2.28am yesterday morning (Wednesday July 18) from an address in Mortimer Crescent, St Albans. The owner gave chase as the offender made off in the vehicle before abandoning the vehicle in a nearby street where it was recovered by police.

An older BMW was stolen by similar method in How Wood, Park Street between 10.30pm on July 16 and 9.15am on July 17.

There have also been a number of other keyless thefts of high value vehicles, in particular Range Rovers across the St Albans District over the past six weeks. All of these thefts have occurred overnight believed in the early hours of the morning.

He said: "The best advice we can give you to deter these criminals is to make your expensive car as unattractive as possible to an opportunist thief by taking simple and inexpensive steps:

 1. Keep your car key fob away from your front door/porch so they cannot pick up a signal
 2. Invest in a Faraday bag pouch so your keys cannot be activated, these can purchased online for under £5
 3. Invest in an anti-theft device like a crook lock (or steering wheel lock) or use wheel clamps.
 4. Park in a garage overnight."

He added: "If you see anyone acting suspiciously around these types of vehicles, please let us know. Please call us on 999 if you suspect a burglary or theft is in progress. If reporting retrospectively, please call police on 101. It is also worth joining Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch link (OWL) where you will receive free emails about crimes in your local area."
