```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Stanstead Abbotts.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2021
title: Robbery in Stanstead Abbotts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-stanstead-abbotts-1255a
```

* ### The incident occurred at the junction of Amwell Lane and Station Road.

 * ### A Canada Goose jacket was taken.

 * ### Two people have been arrested and witnesses are being sought.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Stanstead Abbotts.

The incident occurred at the junction of Amwell Lane and Station Road, at around 9pm on Thursday 25 February.

Two males, aged 17 and 18, were walking along the road when a Mercedes containing three unknown males pulled up beside them.

One of the males got out of the vehicle and engaged the victims in conversation. He then reportedly asked one of the victims to hand over the Canada Goose jacket he was wearing.

When the victim refused, a second male exited the vehicle and is alleged to have shown a knife before taking the jacket from him. The suspects then left the area in the vehicle.

Detective Constable Rebecca Watson, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was hurt during the incident, but this is something which is likely to cause a great deal of concern among the local community.

"Our enquiries are continuing at this time and as part of our investigation, we are keen to hear from members of the public who may have information about what happened.

"Did you witness the incident, or see a similar vehicle in the area around the time? If you were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted, we would ask that you please review the footage to see if you have captured anything which may assist us. Thank you."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Watson via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/14098/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

• Two people have been arrested in connection with the incident and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
