```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "An open day will be held in Bishop\u2019s Stortford for people to find out more about the town\u2019s new Volunteer Police Cadet group, which is due to launch later this year."
publish:
  date: 3 May 2018
title: "Open day for prospective new cadets \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Open-day-for-prospective-new-cadets-BishopsStortford-0157A
```

* ### The new Volunteer Police Cadet group will launch later this year.

 * ### Anyone interested in finding out more is invited to attend an open day on June 30.

 * ### Volunteer cadet leaders are also being sought.

An open day will be held in Bishop's Stortford for people to find out more about the town's new Volunteer Police Cadet group, which is due to launch later this year.

Members are being sought to join the new unit, which will be overseen by the same team who run Hertford and Ware Cadets.

Police Cadets are members of the community, aged 14 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention.

Groups are led by police officers, PCSOs and volunteers, and members gain an insight into a number of areas of policing.

Applications for people to submit their interest are open now and an open day will be held at Bishop's Stortford fire station on Saturday, June 30, between 10am and midday, for potential recruits to find out more.

Cadet leaders are also being sought to help deliver lessons, working to the National Cadet Curriculum.

Detective Constable Rob Scott, who leads Hertford and Ware Cadets, said: "We're looking for enthusiastic young people to come and join our popular cadet programme. You do not have to have ambitions to join the police to become a cadet but, if you do, this is a great starting point.

"We're also encouraging people to volunteer as cadet leaders. It's a highly rewarding role which is both inspiring and motivating.

"If you're interested in finding out more, please register your interest now and pop along to the event on June 30."

The group is open to anyone who lives or goes to school in the town. If you are interested in joining or becoming a cadet leader, please register you
