```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal following robbery in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-welwyn-garden-city-0722B
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought to a robbery in the Campus West car park in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### lt occurred on Monday 14 September at around 12.30pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/73704/20 if you can help the investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Welwyn Garden City.

At around 12.30pm on Monday 14 September a man was in his car in the Campus West car park when another man entered his vehicle, threatened him with a crowbar and stole his watch.

The offender is described as a well-built black man around 6ft tall. He was wearing a black beanie hat, tracksuit and trainers.

A second man was with the offender. He is described as black, around 5ft 9ins tall and also well built. He was wearing all dark clothing and a dark hat.

Detective Constable Richard Brain, of the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "We have been investigating the crime since it was reported and are now releasing details of the offenders and appealing for the public's help

"Were you in the Campus West car park area just after midday on Monday 14 September and did you see anything suspicious or do you have information about this incident?

"If so I would like to hear from you.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at richard.brain@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/73704/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
