```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Those living and working in Welwyn Hatfield are being encouraged to share their views on the borough\u2019s policing, as local officers set new priorities to focus on."
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2021
title: Have your say! What should Welwyn Hatfield officers focus on?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-what-should-welwyn-hatfield-officers-focus-on-1054
```

* ### **The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team want to hear the public's views on local policing**

 * ### **The feedback will be used to set the next priorities for policing in Welwyn Hatfield**

 * ### **Go to _bit.ly/police-welhat _to have your say**

Those living and working in Welwyn Hatfield are being encouraged to share their views on the borough's policing, as local officers set new priorities to focus on.

Every three months, the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) set out three policing priorities for each of the wards that make up Welwyn Hatfield.*

The SNT are tasked with fixing short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour. They work closely with local partners including the council and schools, to achieve this.

Welwyn Hatfield SNT Inspector Kash Hussain said: "We want to make sure that you're involved in setting the new priorities. What do you want us to focus on? It's really important that you share your views so that we can take action and address the issues that matter most to you.

"Please let us know what you think by using our community voice platform 'echo'. You can access echo by going to _bit.ly/police-welhat_. The deadline for submitting your views is Monday 11 January.

"Once the new priorities are set, they will be announced on our website www.hertspolice.co.uk and on our social media pages so keep an eye out!"

*Welwyn Hatfield North - Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger

Welwyn Hatfield South - Hollybush, Cuffley, Howlands, Northaw, Hatfield East, Hatfield South, Welham Green, Brookmans Park and Little Heath

Welwyn Hatfield West - Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire

You can follow the Welwyn Hatfield SNT on Facebook www.facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice and on Twitter @WelHatPolice
