```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers held a crime prevention and community engagement stand at Rickmansworth Canal Festival over the weekend.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2019
title: Community engagement at Rickmansworth Canal Festival
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/community-engagement-at-rickmansworth-canal-festival-0265c
```

* ### Officers from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team engaged with residents at community event.

 * ### They spoke to people about local policing issues and offered crime prevention advice.

 * ### Children and their families had the chance to try on items of police uniform and have a look around a police vehicle.

Officers held a crime prevention and community engagement stand at Rickmansworth Canal Festival over the weekend.

On both Saturday, May 18 and Sunday, May 19, the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team spent time speaking to residents, giving them the chance to discuss local policing issues in their area.

They also shared crime prevention advice and signed up more than 20 people to the Online Watch Link* messaging system, which sends information and advice about local crime trends straight to residents' email inboxes.

Local volunteer police cadets* joined the officers and assisted them in engaging with children and their families, who had the chance to sit in and look around a police vehicle as well as try on some of the uniform.

PCSO Radu Vernica even made a new canine friend in the form of a female French bulldog (picture attached).

Sergeant Neil Canning said: "The event had an excellent turnout with several hundred people attending. Those who visited our stall learned about how to deter criminals from targeting their property. We had a fantastic weekend at the festival because we all really enjoying meeting members of the community that we work so hard to keep safe."

From left to right: PCSO Jessica Hill, PCSO Alan Waller and PCSO Radu Vernica

*Online Watch Link (OWL) is a community messaging system that keeps residents informed of crime alerts in their local area. For more information or to sign up, visit OWL.

***** Volunteer Police Cadets is a youth group consisting of young people aged between 13 and 18 who volunteer for their local police force and support their community at a variety of events. For more information, visit
