```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team are reminding residents of the steps they can take to help prevent their bicycles being stolen, following an increase of thefts in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2019
title: Advice following increase in bicycle thefts in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-following-increase-in-bicycle-thefts-in-welwyn-garden-city-0818
```

* ### Since July, there has been thirty-five reports of bicycles stolen in the town centre

 * ### The rest of Welwyn Garden City has seen an increase too

 * ### Bicycle owners are urged to invest in a good quality look and make their bike look distinctive

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team are reminding residents of the steps they can take to help prevent their bicycles being stolen, following an increase of thefts in Welwyn Garden City.

Since July, there has been thirty-five reports of bicycles stolen in the town centre, and the rest of Welwyn Garden City has seen an increase too.

PC Alex Smedley said: "We are doing all we can to trace those responsible for these thefts but I would like to remind cyclists of the steps they can take to help prevent their bicycle being stolen.

"Make sure you invest in a good quality lock, such as a U or D lock as these are solid bars which take a lot of effort and time to cut through. Any thieves trying to do this are more likely to attract attention.

"Don't be tempted to use a cable lock as thieves can cut through these easily and be discreet while they are doing so - even in broad daylight.

"It's a good idea to make your bicycle distinctive so that it is easily recognisable if it does get stolen. On a few occasions we've had victims believe they have found their stolen bicycle but they couldn't be certain as there were no distinguishing features and they were not sure of their serial number.

"Lastly, I would urge all bicycle owners to visit immobilise.com and register their bicycle on there. If your bicycle is stolen and then found, this national property register will help us to return it to you."

Over the next few months, officers will be working with Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council to raise awareness and reduce the number of thefts that are happening.

Councillor Bernard Sarson, Executive Member for Community Safety, said: "We're hoping to help put the brakes on bike thefts in Welwyn Hatfield through our cyclist security awareness events that will highlight the importance of ensuring your bike is locked securely. We are working with the police to organise events, and will release details soon."

If you have any information about the bike thefts in Welwyn Garden City, call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

Bicycle owners are encouraged to use this form to fill in details of their bike. If your bicycle does get stolen, you can then give this form to the police.
