```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Over 300 households were visited by officers from the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Team, Special Constabulary and Trading Standards during the latest Safer Street push in Radlett and Bushey on Saturday (21 September).
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2019
title: Helping to keep Radlett and Bushey streets safer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/helping-to-keep-radlett-and-bushey-streets-safer-0820J
```

* Over 300 households were visited by officers during the latest Safer Street push in Radlett and Bushey.
 * Dozens of residents signed up to receive emails from the police via the Online Watch Link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch, via www.owl.co.uk
 * They also offered residents crime prevention advice and passed on addresses of residents who were interested in having smoke alarms installed.

Over 300 households were visited by officers from the Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Team, Special Constabulary and Trading Standards during the latest Safer Street push in Radlett and Bushey on Saturday (21 September).

They visited homes in Scrubbits Square, The Dell, Scrubbits Park Road, Woodfield Road, Rossway Drive, Griffiths Close and Hubert Crescent.

Dozens of residents signed up to receive emails from the police via the Online Watch Link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch, via www.owl.co.uk

As well as signing residents up to OWL, they also offered residents crime prevention advice and passed on addresses of residents who were interested in having smoke alarms installed or having a fire risk assessment. They also sign posted residents to further services available to them including help on giving up smoking and healthy living.

Bushey and Radlett Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Iain Brunt said: "We are trying to encourage as many residents as possible to sign up to OWL to receive emails about local issues affecting residents to help reduce burglaries, which tend to increase as the clocks go back. Residents will also receive crime prevention advice on a range of issues, including scams and details of missing people. Most people were really pleased to see us and we will follow up the crime prevention referrals."

Councillor Pervez Choudhury, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety, added: "The Safer Streets initiative is a great example of partnership working. Through the initiative, local residents get the opportunity to find out more about what services are available to them in their area and also receive some really practical advice on home and personal safety and security. This latest visit was a success and well received by residents in the street, who were able to find out more about the good work carried out by the different agencies represented during the visit, as well as having the chance to report any issues they were having."
