```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hatfield man has been jailed for three years and four months after pleading guilty to burglary and stalking.
publish:
  date: 1 Aug 2019
title: Hatfield man jailed for more than three years for stalking
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hatfield-man-jailed-for-more-than-three-years-for-stalking-0582
```

* ### Wayne Brown was jailed for three years and four months.

 * ### He has also been handed an indefinite restraining order.

 * ### Police treat all reports of stalking seriously.

A Hatfield man has been jailed for three years and four months after pleading guilty to burglary and stalking.

Wayne Brown, aged 44, of Drovers Way, Hatfield, appeared before St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday (31 July), for sentencing. As well as the prison term, he was also handed an indefinite restraining order protecting his victim upon his release.

Brown admitted stalking the woman between 14 and 25 April 2019, grabbing her phone and trying to check her messages, asking who she was with, where she was going, texting her and breaking into her home.

On more than one occasion, neighbours saw him crawling out of the victim's back garden under a hedge and on 25 April he smashed the patio doors at the rear of her home with a metal pole and entered her bedroom, grabbing her phone as she tried to call police. He later returned, smashing another window, and damaged her television and Sky TV box with a metal pole.

He was arrested shortly afterwards.

Investigating officer, Detective Constable Natalia Allodi-Robertson, from the Domestic Abuse Investigations and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), said: "Wayne Brown is a dangerous offender who terrified the victim for months without a thought for her feelings. He stalked her and then broke into her home and damaged her property out of jealousy and malice towards her.

"This was the right result at court for the victim, who is relieved that the case has come to this positive conclusion.

"We want other victims to know that we take every report of stalking very seriously, and will always fully support victims throughout the investigative process and we bring offenders to justice."

If you have been a victim of stalking, you can report it to police on the non-emergency number 101, or online at www.herts.police.uk/report or get support and advice by contacting the Hertfordshire Independent Stalking Advocacy Caseworkers on 03301025811 (Open 24/7) or via email at referrals@saferplaces.co.uk and you can also seek advice and support through www.paladinservice.co.uk or www.suzylamplugh.org
