```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a public order offence in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses \u2013 in particular a man and a woman who were nearby at the time."
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2018
title: "Appeal to trace witnesses following public order incident \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-witnesses-following-public-order-incident-Hatfield
```

* ### A woman in her 40s was verbally abused by a man in a white Ford Transit van

 * ### It happened in Tiger Moth Way, Hatfield, on December 14, 2017

 * ### Police want to speak to a man and a woman who were nearby at the time and may have witnessed the incident

Officers investigating a public order offence in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses - in particular a man and a woman who were nearby at the time.

The incident happened in Tiger Moth Way at 9am on Thursday, December 14, 2017.

The victim, a woman in her 40s, was crossing the road when a man driving a white Ford Transit van began revving the vehicle.

After the victim asked him what he was doing, he verbally threatened her before driving away towards Cunningham Avenue.

The offender is described as white, of medium to stocky build and around 5ft 10in tall. He was mostly bald with some short mousey hair. He was wearing a dirty grey-coloured hoody with 'CPS' written on the right breast.

PC Gavin Richardson, who is investigating, said: "This was an understandably frightening experience for the victim and we are doing all we can to trace the offender. In particular, we are keen to trace a woman and a man who were nearby at the time of the offence and may have witnessed what had happened.

"The woman is described as white, aged approximately in her 30s, with shoulder-length brown hair. She was wearing heeled boots and a long green coat.

"The man is described as white, aged approximately in his 40s and of possible Polish nationality. The victim believes he may live in the vicinity of Cunningham Avenue.

"Did you see what happened? Has your friend or family member mentioned witnessing a similar incident? If so, we'd be really keen to speak to you."

If you have any information that may assist the investigation, please email PC Richardson on gavin.richardson@herts.pnn.police.uk, contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/17/6079, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
