```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men and one woman were arrested yesterday (Tuesday April 17) after a warrant was executed at an address in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 18 Apr 2018
title: Five arrested following drugs warrant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/five-arrested-following-drugs-warrant-0080E
```

* ## Officers forced entry to address in Broom Walk.

 * ## Drugs paraphernalia seized.

 * ## Five people released under investigation.

Four men and one woman were arrested yesterday (Tuesday April 17) after a warrant was executed at an address in Stevenage.

At around 3pm police officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion forced entry into an address in Broom Walk. Following the arrests a large amount of drug paraphernalia was seized.

All of the men, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and have been released under investigation.

One man is from Stevenage and he has also been arrested in connection with a shop lifting offence, and the other three from London.

A 34 year old woman from Stevenage was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and has been released under investigation.

Detective Inspector Chris Treadwell said: "This was another good result with officers acting on intelligence received. We are committed to tackling drug crime in Stevenage and are keen to hear from anyone with information about drug related activity in the town. We will always deal robustly with those we catch."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this or any other area please contact the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101 or report online.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
