```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 25% of all residents in East Herts have signed up to receive emails about crime and police activity in their area from the award-wining Online Watch Link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch (NHW).
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2018
title: A quarter of East Herts residents now signed up to
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/a-quarter-of-east-herts-residents-now-signed-up-to-1926
```

* ### 25% of East Herts residents signed up to Neighbourhood Watch.

 * ### 15,000 residents connected to police.

 * ### Communities stay connected in East Herts.

More than 25% of all residents in East Herts have signed up to receive emails about crime and police activity in their area from the award-wining Online Watch Link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch (NHW).

"This is a great result as it shows that more and more people are recognising the importance of NHW as a tool to make their communities even safer by working together, while also helping the police be better informed to beat criminals," explained Watch Liaison Officer Terry Morris.

"However we want to encourage even more people to sign up and benefit from being part of NHW. You don't have to do anything apart from be a good neighbour, read relevant emails and act on any crime prevention advice.

"We also send messages out about missing people, local burglaries and vehicle crimes, alerts about current scams and how to spot them, together with relevant protective advice. NHW makes it harder for criminals to operate and helps improve community spirit across the county."

Chief Inspector for North Herts, Stuart Orton added **:** "This is an incredible achievement and could not have happened without the partnership working of volunteer coordinators and the police Safer Neighbourhood Teams across East Herts.

"My officers have worked hard signing local residents up to NHW and OWL and we now have more than 15,000 homes directly contactable by the police at the press of a button."

You can sign up to Neighbourhood Watch by visiting or alternatively, contact the Watch Liaison Team.
