```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for dash cam footage as part of investigations into disorder in the town on Halloween."
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2019
title: "Appeal for footage following disorder in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-footage-following-disorder-in-bishops-stortford-0981a
```

* ## Officers dealt with almost 50 incidents in the town on Halloween night.

 * ## One officer sustained burns after a firework was thrown at her leg.

 * ## Police are appealing for dash cam footage to assist with ongoing investigations.

Police in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for dash cam footage as part of investigations into disorder in the town on Halloween.

Officers dealt almost 50 anti-social behaviour incidents on Thursday night (31 October) - predominantly in the Thorley and Havers estates - a large number of which related to teenagers throwing fireworks.

In some instances they were thrown directly at officers, leaving a PCSO requiring hospital treatment for burns to her leg.

As a result, a section 35 dispersal order was put in place at 9pm. A number of teenagers were dispersed and, if under 16, taken home to their parents.

Investigations are continuing to identify those involved and gather evidence.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "While the majority of the community marked Halloween sensibly, there were unfortunately a number of local young people who saw it as an opportunity to display mindless and often dangerous behaviour, causing misery for residents. This is simply unacceptable and will not be tolerated.

"Our enquiries are continuing and we are appealing for anyone who may have captured dash cam footage of any incidents, or those who may be involved, to please come forward. We're particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured footage of a large group congregating in the area around the Havers Lane shops, between 8pm and 9pm.

"The majority of young people officers dealt with were local residents. Some were in possession of some very expensive fireworks and I would ask parents to please ensure they know exactly where their children are and what they are getting up to."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
