```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in the Rose and Crown Public House, Market Square, Hitchin during the very early hours of Friday, April 13.
publish:
  date: 13 Apr 2018
title: Did you witness an assault in a pub in Hitchin where a young man was assaulted?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-an-assault-in-a-pub-in-Hitchin-where-a-young-man-was-assaulted-0061
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in the Rose and Crown Public House, Market Square, Hitchin during the very early hours of Friday, April 13.

At just after midnight, a dispute began to happen between a group of approximately four men who were inside the pub. A man in his late teens attempted to intervene to break up the argument, but he was assaulted by one of the other men who struck him in the face. The young man sustained injuries to his face.

The four other men were described as white and with Irish accents. They left the venue shortly after the incident occurred and are believed to have got into a taxi outside Starbucks.

**Detective Sergeant Will Ainsworth from Hitchin 's Local Crime Unit said: "**I am appealing to anyone who was in the pub at the time of the offence and saw the incident happen to please get in touch as soon as possible. This was an unprovoked attack and we are doing everything we can to identify those responsible. Any information you provide, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could prove to be crucial to our investigation."

Anyone who has any information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/1156 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report. Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
