```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of a man who died in Stevenage last week have paid tribute to him.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2021
title: Tribute to Christopher Hewett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-christopher-hewett-1213
```

* ### The family of Christopher Hewett, who died in Stevenage last week, have paid tribute to him.

 * ### Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit have launched a murder investigation.

 * ### Two people, a 15 year old boy and a 17 year old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, have been charged with murder.

The family of a man who died in Stevenage last week have paid tribute to him.

31-year-old Christopher Hewett was found with serious injuries in Meadow Way at around 9.15pm on Friday 12 February. He was taken to Lister Hospital, but sadly his injuries proved fatal.

Christopher's family said: "Our worlds have been ripped apart, and we can't even begin to put into words how devastated we are. Christopher was a wonderful only son, a loving father of two, a fiance, a brother and a great friend to many. We will miss him forever, and he will never be forgotten."

The family are being supported by specially trained officers, and ask that their privacy is respected at this incredibly difficult time.

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit have launched a murder investigation, and are working to establish the exact circumstances around Christopher's death.

Two people, a 15 year old boy and a 17 year old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, have been charged with murder. A 16 year old boy was arrested on suspicion of murder, and has been released on bail while enquiries continue. A 41 year old man was arrested on suspicion of assisting offenders and has been released under investigation.

Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson, of the Major Crime Unit, said: "This has been an incredibly fast-moving investigation and we hope that the charges brought so far go some way in providing Christopher's family and the wider community with reassurance that progress is being made.

"We understand that news of this nature is really concerning, and likely to cause a lot of discussion online and among local residents. I would like to take this opportunity to request that you refrain from speculating about the incident or the identities of those arrested or charged, especially on social media.

"Anyone aged under 18 who is arrested or charged in connection with a criminal offence is automatically given anonymity by the courts, unless a specific order is granted by them. Speculating on the events or the investigation online could compromise the case, and prevent Christopher's family from getting the justice they deserve.

"We are still appealing for witnesses and information. If you have any information that you think could assist with this investigation, please come forward."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **Operation Mantle**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

**

**
