```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses, in particular a Good Samaritan who helped at the scene.
publish:
  date: 25 May 2019
title: Appeal to trace Good Samaritan following collision in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-good-samaritan-following-collision-in-watford-0279
```

* ### Police want to trace a Good Samaritan who helped the victim of a collision in the car park at Watford General Hospital on May 16

 * ### He is described as a white man, aged in his late 20s/early 30s, and was wearing dark-coloured clothing

 * ### If this was you, or one of your friends/family members, please get in touch

Officers investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses, in particular a Good Samaritan who helped at the scene.

On Thursday, May 16 at around 7pm, a white Fiat 500 was in collision with a pedestrian, a man in his 70s, in the car park of Watford General Hospital. The driver of the Fiat, a woman in her 20s, was not injured.

The pedestrian suffered a number of injuries and is currently still recovering in hospital.

Following the incident a member of the public, a man, assisted the pedestrian however his details were not taken at the scene.

He is described as white and aged approximately in his late 20s to early 30s. He is described as having cropped/shaved hair and was wearing a dark-coloured coat, dark-coloured trousers and a light-coloured top.

Detective Constable David Herring, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are very keen to speak to this man who kindly helped the pedestrian following the collision as we believe he may have vital information that could assist us with our investigation.

"If this was you, please get in touch as soon as possible. We would like to stress that you are not in any trouble.

"Perhaps your friend or family member recently told you about this incident, and how they helped? If you think they are the witness, then please contact us.

"We are currently conducting a number of other enquiries and we would also like to speak to anyone who saw the Fiat prior to or following the collision."

Anyone with any information should contact DC Herring via email on _david.herring@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , quoting reference 41/44515/19.

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat.

This can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
