```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been charged as officers work hard to tackle an increase in burglaries in Welwyn Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2020
title: Two charged following burglary increase in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-charged-following-burglary-increase-in-welwyn-hatfield-0975
```

* ### Joseph Hoy, aged 28, of no fixed abode has been charged with two offences and nine more have been taken into consideration

 * ### Christopher Humphries, aged 32, of Garden Avenue, Hatfield has been charged with four offences

 * ### Crime prevention advice can be found on our website at _www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome_

Two people have been charged as officers work hard to tackle an increase in burglaries in Welwyn Hatfield.

Joseph Hoy, aged 28, of no fixed abode has been charged with the following offences in Welwyn Garden City:

 * A burglary in West Mead on Friday 4 December. A wallet containing cash, bank cards and ID was reported stolen, along with cigarettes.
 * A burglary in Heronswood Road on Friday 4 December. Wallets and purses containing cash, bank cards and ID were reported stolen, along with a handbag and cosmetic items.

A further nine crimes were taken into consideration*:

 * Six attempted burglaries in The Commons on Friday 4 December.
 * Three attempted burglaries in Moorlands on Thursday 3 December.

A second man has also been charged with burglary offences in Hatfield. Christopher Humphreys, aged 32, of Garden Avenue, Hatfield has been charged with the following:

 * A burglary in Wellfield Road on Wednesday 2 December. A rucksack containing cash, bank cards and ID was stolen.
 * Two counts of fraud by false representation, using the bank cards stolen from Wellfield Road.
 * An attempted burglary in Roe Green Lane on Monday 30 November.

Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Kash Hussain said: "We often see a rise in burglaries at this time of year when the evenings are darker and of course, many are buying Christmas gifts. I hope that these arrests provide reassurance that we do all we can to tackle burglaries in Welwyn Hatfield.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to remind residents that if you have a CCTV or doorbell camera, and it captures something suspicious, please don't hesitate to send it to us. It may well help us catch a criminal and keep our streets safer. Remember, you can also find lots of crime prevention advice on our website at _www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome_.

"We're always keen to hear your views on policing in Welwyn Hatfield so please let us by using our community voice platform 'echo'. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say."

You can report information about burglaries online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency, always call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

*Taken into consideration, or TIC, means the defendant admits responsibility for the offence but is not charged. However, it means the court has a broader and more accurate understanding of the offending and is able to pass a lengthier sentence than if it were just dealing with substantive charges. The use of this process does not prevent victims of TIC crimes claiming compensation, as the offence is still recorded and acknowledged by the criminal justice system. This method also means police forces gain valuable intelligence, record a fuller picture of offending for possible future cases and supports applications for restrictive court orders.
