```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Harpenden Colts FC is the latest football club to get involved in Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s #Livesnotknives campaign."
publish:
  date: 19 Sep 2019
title: "Harpenden Colts FC supports Hertfordshire\u2019s #Livesnotknives campaign"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/harpenden-fc-supports-hertfordshires-livesnotknives-campaign-787
```

Harpenden Colts FC is the latest football club to get involved in Hertfordshire Constabulary's #Livesnotknives campaign.

Officers from the Constabulary's Gangs and Schools team took part in an event organised by the club at the British Legion in Harpenden on Tuesday 17 September. They were joined by special guest ex-England footballer Rachel Yankey OBE, who was keen to support the campaign and kindly delivered a talk to the players and coaching team about the opportunities offered by sport. The event coincided with Operation Sceptre, a national knife amnesty which ran between 16-22 September.

Sergeant Helen Croughton, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Gangs and Schools Team, said: "We are delighted that Harpenden Colts FC has joined our campaign and is helping us to spread the message. I'd particularly like to thank Rachel for supporting us in this initiative, she is a great example of what can be achieved through hard work, commitment and a real love of sport.

"We launched the #Livesnotknives and #passiton campaigns in July, with Stevenage FC, to promote preventative messages and raise awareness of the damage knife crime can do. Since the campaign started Watford FC and Herts Basketball have given their support against knife crime and we have had numerous football and basketball clubs from Hertfordshire wanting to become actively involved.

"We are using sport as a means of engaging with young people and it is so important for positive role models to demonstrate their support against knife crime. The #Livesnotknives branded footballs, basketballs and netballs can be given to youth teams around Hertfordshire for free, along with an educational input around the reality and consequences of knife crime. The #Livesnotknives campaign encourages young people to talk about the issues around knife crime and how this may be affecting them, we want to work with sports teams and other agencies to help prevent young people from feeling they need to carry a weapon. If you would like to get your club involved please contact Helen.Croughton@hert.pnn.police.uk."

Harpenden Colts FC Chairman, Richard Bandell, said: "Harpenden Colts wholeheartedly supports the Lives not Knives campaign. Our aim is to make all of our young players aware of the risks of carrying a knife. Nothing is more important to us than the safety of our players, and we hope the campaign will help them to make better choices and to channel their efforts and talent into building genuine self-confidence through their involvement in football."

The Gangs and Schools team has been working with football and basketball clubs cross Hertfordshire and beyond to promote the message #Livesnotknives and help young people realise that a life of crime is a wasted life. The team have already received the backing of Watford FC, Stevenage FC, Borehamwood FC, Royston Youth FC, Lee Allison Football Academy, West Herts Warriors, Hemel Storm and Herts Basketball.

Follow the campaign via the team's Twitter channel: @HertsCYP and through Facebook.com/Hertpolice and @HertsPolice.
