```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following two robberies at Co-op stores in Croxley Green
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2018
title: Appeal for information following robberies in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/apeal-or-nformation-following-robberies-in-rickmansworth-2035C
```

* ### The robberies occurred at Co-op stores.

 * ### Detectives have been working with local stores to provide advice.

 * ### Anyone with information about the incidents is asked to contact 101.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following two robberies at Co-op stores in Croxley Green.

The first incident occurred in Watford Road, at around 10.25pm on October 31 and the second in New Road, shortly after 10.30pm on November 3.

In both instances, two men entered the store and threatened staff with a knife before stealing cash and making off.

Detective Sergeant Steven Boddy, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully no one was injured during the incidents. We are currently working to establish whether the offences are linked and our priority is to trace those responsible. We are appealing for anyone with information which may assist our enquiries to please come forward.

"We are conducting high visibility patrols in the area and working directly with local stores around crime prevention and safety measures, for both staff and shoppers alike. If you have any concerns, please don't hesitate to contact us."

Anyone with information about the robberies is asked to contact Three Rivers Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/51790/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
