```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected cannabis was seized following a drugs warrant in Sawbridgeworth this morning (Friday 26 June).
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Two arrested after drugs found in Sawbridgeworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-after-drugs-found-in-sawbridgeworth-0270
```

* ### The warrant was conducted at an address in Reedings Way.

 * ### A quantity of suspected cannabis was discovered in an outbuilding.

 * ### If you suspect drug activity in your neighbourhood, please report it to police.

Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected cannabis was seized following a drugs warrant in Sawbridgeworth this morning (Friday 26 June).

Officers from the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team, with support from the Operation Scorpion unit, conducted the operation at an address in Reedings Way, after receiving intelligence around suspicious activity at the address.

A quantity of suspected cannabis was discovered in an outbuilding.

A 17-year-old boy and a 23-year-old woman were arrested on suspicion of cultivation of cannabis and remain in police custody at this time.

PC Shelly Marshall, who led the operation, said: "This warrant was conducted as a direct result of information received from the local community. We hope this reassures people that your calls really do make a difference and we will take action against those suspected of being involved in criminal activity.

"Drugs and associated criminality can have a hugely detrimental impact on the local community and we are committed to doing all we can to tackle this. If you have information which you think may assist please continue to report it to us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
