```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a spate of arsons where vehicles were targeted in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2019
title: Appeal following alleged arsons in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-arsons-in-St-Albans-2587
```

Officers investigating a spate of arsons where vehicles were targeted in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.

Parked vehicles were reportedly set alight in Hillside Road and the underground car park in Newsom Place between 2am and 3am on Saturday (February 16).

Officers have arrested two people in connection with the investigation - a 24 year old man from St Albans and a 25 year old man from Hatfield. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Jody Perrin from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "A total of 10 cars were allegedly set alight and significant damage was also caused to other vehicles that were parked in the car park at the time.

"The flats above the car park had to be evacuated for safety reasons and the fires caused significant damage to the road surface along with the underground pipe network, including sewerage pipes.

"We know that a small white van drove down Hillside around the time of the offences so I'm appealing for the driver of that vehicle to get in touch as we believe they may be a significant witnesses with information that could assist our investigation.

"I'd also like to speak to anyone who thinks they heard anything unusual in the local area or saw anything out of the ordinary, strange or suspicious. Even if it seems trivial please still get in touch as you may have information that could help us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Perrin by emailing jody.perrin@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/15346/19 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
