```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Markyate are appealing for drivers to review their dash cam footage in case they have captured anything which may assist their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2020
title: Did you capture footage of a robbery in Markyate?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-capture-footage-of-a-robbery-in-markyate-0936f
```

* ## The incident occurred on the A5183.

 * ## Cigarettes were stolen from a Tesco lorry.

 * ## Drivers are being asked to review any dash cam footage.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Markyate are appealing for drivers to review their dash cam footage in case they have captured anything which may assist their enquiries.

The incident occurred on the A5183, at around 9.30am on Tuesday 24 November.

A Tesco lorry was travelling along the road when the driver realised he needed to make a U-turn. As he went to do so, a white van pulled up behind him. The lorry driver got out of his cab and signalled for the van to pass. As he did so, the van was driven towards the man, who ran back to his cab for safety.

The van then drove off in the direction of Dunstable and it was subsequently discovered that an unknown quantity of cigarettes had been stolen from inside the lorry.

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the lorry driver was uninjured during the incident but he was left in fear for his safety. "It is believed that several vehicles drove past as the incident was occurring. If you were travelling along the A5 around the time stated, I would ask you to please check any dash cam footage and contact us if you think you may have captured the incident taking place, or footage of the lorry being followed by a van.

"Any information at all could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to please email Detective Constable Peter Spiers You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/94709/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
