```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following ABH in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-abh-in-welwyn-garden-city-1135
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### The incident happened on Wednesday 20 January at around 4.40pm.

 * ### Two women were involved in an altercation in the car park of Morrisons in Black Fan Road.

Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for witnesses and information.

On Wednesday 20 January, at around 4.40pm, two women were involved in an altercation in the car park of Morrisons supermarket in Black Fan Road.

One of the women was allegedly pulled out of her vehicle, causing her to hit her head against the rim of the car door.

PC Jemma Warburton, who is investigating, said: "I would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed this incident who has not already spoken to police. We believe that several members of the public intervened - if you were one of them, please get in touch with me as soon as possible."

If you have any information, you can contact PC Warburton directly via email at jemma.warburton@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/4846/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
