```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information following a spate of vehicle thefts in Fairlands Valley Park.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2017
title: Car Crime Series in Fairlands Valley Park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Car-Crime-Series-in-Fairlands-Valley-Park-1192E
```

* ### Thieves target vehicles in Fairlands Valley Car Park.

 * ### Valuables left in cars are easy pickings.

 * ### Sat Navs, money, iPhones and watches taken as offenders force doors and smash windows.

Police in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information following a spate of vehicle thefts in Fairlands Valley Park.

Between 9pm and 10.30pm on Wednesday November 15, six vehicles were broken into in the car park. Some had their doors prised open and others had had their windows smashed.

Numerous items were taken including sat navs, money, glasses, iPhones and an Apple watch.

Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Tabert said: "Leaving items of any value in your vehicle is just a green light to thieves. On this occasion it has been rich pickings and the offenders have managed to blatantly break into numerous vehicles in probably a very short space of time.

"They have clearly targeted the cars where they can see there is something worth taking that is easily accessible. I can't emphasise enough how important it is to take your valuables with you when you leave your vehicle. Even if they do not cost that much to replace, these drivers have now got to go to through the hassle of getting doors and windows repaired and claiming on their insurance.

"A bit of thought when you leave your parked car may prevent you from being a target for thieves."

If you were in the area at the time and witnessed the thefts, or saw anyone behaving suspiciously in the area, please contact DS Phoebe Biggs on 101 quoting crime reference number E1/17/9333 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
