```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have charged a man in connection with conspiracy to supply weapons offences, after he was extradited to the UK following the successful execution of a European Arrest Warrant.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2019
title: Man charged in connection with conspiracy to supply weapons offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-in-connection-with-conspiracy-to-supply-weapons-offences-md2621-watford
```

Police have charged a man in connection with conspiracy to supply weapons offences, after he was extradited to the UK following the successful execution of a European Arrest Warrant.

Leon Browne, aged 32 and from Watford, appeared at St Albans Crown Court last Wednesday, February 20 where he was remanded into custody to await trial after pleading not guilty to possession of ammunition without authority and when prohibited and possession of criminal property. He is due to appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court on March 25.

A fail to appear warrant was issued on July 25, 2016 by St Albans Crown Court after Mr Browne allegedly failed to attend court for the charges.

The European Arrest Warrant was issued by St Albans Magistrates' Court on October 31, 2018 in connection with conspiracy to transfer prohibited weapons. Mr Browne was also wanted in connection with recall to prison.

He was arrested in Amsterdam in December and was conveyed back to the UK in February by members of the Hertfordshire Operational Support Group where he was taken into custody.

Mr Browne has since been further charged with two counts of conspiracy to transfer/sell prohibited weapons. He is due to appear at St Albans Magistrates' Court on March 5 in relation to this.
