```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery at a bookmaker in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following a robbery at a business premises in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-at-a-business-premises-in-Stevenage-1212E
```

* ### Police appeal for information after a robbery in Stevenage.

 * ### Offender stole money from William Hill in The Hyde.

 * ### Suspect was wearing a crash helmet.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery at a bookmaker in Stevenage.

At around 9.45pm last night (24th November) an offender approached William Hill in The Hyde whilst a member of staff was locking up. He has then threatened her with what is believed to be a gun before taking around £1,500 in cash.

The member of staff was not injured during the incident.

The offender left the store by the back door towards Randalls Hill **.**

He is described as being approximately 6ft tall and of slim build. He was wearing a black crash helmet covering his face, black jacket, black trousers and trainers.

DS Ian Sheridan is investigating and said: "I would appeal for anyone who was in the area last night and who saw anyone acting suspiciously or anyone who saw someone running from the bookmakers to please contact me.

"I would also be keen to hear from anyone else who may have information which would assist the investigation by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference E1/17/9648 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
