```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2020
title: "Did you witness assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford pub?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-bishops-stortford-pub-1375a
```

* ## The incident occurred on the outside decked area of the Black Lion.

## • A man was assaulted by a group of unknown men.

## • Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred at the Black Lion pub, in Bridge Street, sometime between 12.30am and 1.15am on Saturday 25 January.

A 23-year-old man was standing with a friend, on the upper decked area outside the pub, when he was approached by an unknown man.

The man confronted the victim before punching him, causing him to fall to the ground and hit his head. The offender and other unknown males then continued to punch the victim as he lay on the floor.

Bystanders intervened and the offenders ran off.

The victim sustained a black eye, swollen ear and a cut to the back of his head as a result of the attack.

The incident was reported to police the following day.

PC Andrew Dilling, who is investigating, said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack on a man who was enjoying a night out in the town. Thankfully, following an assessment in hospital, he was not deemed to have been seriously injured, but has been left feeling traumatised and vulnerable by what happened.

"There were a number of people at the pub that night and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please get in touch. Any detail at all could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/7845/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
