```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested and charged in connection with alleged burglary offences in Hertsmere.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2017
title: Two men charged with burglary offences - Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-men-charged-with-burglary-offences-Bushey
```

* ### Shane Brady, aged 30, and Alex Attico, aged 20, charged with two counts of burglary. ****

 * ### They both appeared at Hatfield Magistrates Court on October 10.

 * ### Both are due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on November 10.

 * ### They have also both been charged with a third count of burglary.

Two people have been arrested and charged in connection with alleged burglary offences in Hertsmere.

It is reported that two homes in Bushey were targeted by thieves earlier this month.

On Sunday, October 8 it is alleged that offenders gained access to a home in Garratts Road by forcing open a patio door and have searched inside. They were disturbed by neighbours and made off.

On the evening of Friday, October 6 it is reported that a home in Little Bushey Lane was targeted by offenders who forced open a window and searched inside, taking jewellery and cash.

Shane Brady, aged 30, of Haringey Park, London and Alex Attico, aged 20, of Braybrook Street, Hammersmith, have both been charged with two counts of burglary. They have also both been charged with a third count of burglary, which relates to a property in Hurstwood Road, London. It is alleged that the property was entered on October 8 and jewellery and electrical items were stolen.

Alex Attico is also charged with dangerous driving, driving while disqualified and without insurance on October 8.

They both appeared at Hatfield Magistrates Court on October 10 and are due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on November 10.

Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit said: "We will continue to work hard to identify and arrest those suspected of committing burglaries in Hertsmere. We're carrying out high visibility patrols and convert patrols and are acting quickly when burglaries do take place to recover evidence and apprehend suspects.

"With the clocks going back next week, which means the evenings will be darker earlier, we're reminding people to carry out some simple crime prevention as this time of year often sees an increase in burglaries.

"Please ensure that your home is properly secure - that PVCu doors are locked by lifting the handle and turning the key to engage security system, that windows are closed and locked when you go to bed or are not at home and consider using timers to automatically switch on lamps when it gets dark, which will make it appear that someone is home and helps deter thieves."
