```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a vehicle was stolen from outside a home in Stevenage and are particularly keen to trace a cyclist who may have inadvertently come across it in Willian.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2020
title: Appeal to trace BMW stolen from Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-bmw-stolen-from-stevenage-0892e
```

* ## The vehicle was stolen from Great Ashby Way.

 * ## The number plates were later recovered in Willian.

 * ## Officers are keen to trace a cyclist who may have seen the vehicle.

Police are appealing for information after a vehicle was stolen from outside a home in Stevenage and are particularly keen to trace a cyclist who may have inadvertently come across it in Willian.

The grey, 2017-plate, BMW 730D was stolen from Great Ashby Way overnight between Monday 16 and Tuesday 17 November. The keys were not taken.

Its front and rear number plates were subsequently discovered discarded in Roxley Court Lane, Willian, on Wednesday (18 November), along with some other parts believed to belong to the vehicle.Detective Constable Paul Fletcher, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries have led us to believe that the vehicle travelled into the dead-end road on Roxley Court Lane at around 4.15am on 17 November, before leaving the area at around 6.10am.

"We also believe that a cyclist may have been riding towards the same dead-end road at around 6am and I am keen to trace this person, as they may have information which could assist us. If this was you, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please email Detective Constable Paul Fletcher.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/92666/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

Advice on how to protect your vehicle from keyless theft.
