```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been sentenced after being found guilty of robbing three people of their mobile phones.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2021
title: "Teenager sentenced after being found guilty of robberies \u2013 Croxley Green"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-sentenced-after-being-found-guilty-of-robberies-croxley-green-1098c
```

* ## A 17 year old boy has been found guilty of three robberies involving teenage victims in March 2019.

 * ## He has been given a five-month Youth Referral Order which requires him to attend a panel that will decide his next steps.

 * ## Detectives arrested the defendant at Croxley Green underground station before recovering one of the victim's phones at his home address.

A teenager has been sentenced after being found guilty of robbing three people of their mobile phones.

The 17 year old, from Harrow, appeared at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Thursday 14 January and was given a five-month youth referral order after being found guilty of all three offences. He was also ordered to pay more than £1,900 in compensation to all three victims.

The court heard how the defendant, who was aged 15 at the time of the offences, targeted teenage boys during the incidents in March 2019.

The first was in Mill Lane just after 3.30pm on Wednesday 20 March. The victim, aged 15, was walking home from school when he was approached by the defendant who demanded his phone and headphones while showing the victim a knife in his jacket pocket. The victim handed the items over and when he got home he told his mother what had happened, before she called police.

The second incident was in the same location, at 3.30pm on Friday 22 March. The victim, a 12 year old boy, was also walking home from school when he was approached by the defendant, who grabbed his phone. The defendant then showed a knife in his jacket pocket to frighten the victim, who ran away.

The third incident occurred outside the Elgiva Theatre in Chesham, Buckinghamshire, at 3.10pm on Sunday 24 March. The defendant approached the victim, a 16 year old boy, and threatened him while ordering him to hand over his mobile phone, which he did.

None of the victims were physically hurt during the robberies.

Detectives began making enquiries and quickly ascertained that the defendant had travelled through the Croxley Green underground station prior to committing the first two offences. On Monday 25 March, they were waiting for him as he alighted the train and arrested him on suspicion of robbery.

They later searched his home address and seized a number of mobile phones, one of which was confirmed as belonging to the victim in Chesham, and he was charged in connection with all three crimes.

The teenager was found guilty and will now attend a panel which will decide the best course of action. Referral orders are given to young people aged between 10 to 17 who are convicted for the first time in court. The aim is for the offender to take responsibility for their actions and face the consequences of their offending.

A referral order also gives victims the opportunity to be involved in the process, meaning they have the option to meet the offender and discuss the incident, ask questions and request an apology.

A contract is then drawn up to address the issues identified and the defendant must comply with the terms of this. If they do not, this results in further disciplinary action with the possibility of appearing before the court for re-sentence.

Detective Constable Rob King, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, led the investigation. He said: "At the time of the offences, the community was understandably concerned about what had happened. After receiving these reports, we quickly gathered evidence and identified the offender.

"We finally have a court result for all three victims who were left understandably shaken by what had happened, and they have now been given closure.

"The defendant is a first-time offender and the referral order is a form of restorative justice, which is designed to support him in moving away from criminality and make better life choices.

"We hope he uses this opportunity to reflect on the seriousness of his actions and understand why they were unacceptable."

Advice on personal safety can be found on the Young People section of the Hertfordshire Constabulary website.
