```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Harpenden-0126F
```

* ### Between 11am and 2pm on Tuesday, April 24, offender(s) gained entry to a house on the Lower Luton Road/B653.

 * ### Jewellery, including a wedding ring and engagement ring, were taken.

 * ### Anyone with information should contact DC Colin Workman on colin.workman@herts.pnn.police.uk or 101, quoting crime reference F2/18/888.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Harpenden.

Between 11am and 2pm on Tuesday, April 24, offender(s) gained entry to a house on the Lower Luton Road/B653 by damaging a rear door.

A yellow gold wedding ring was taken along with its jewellery box. The ring was personalised with the date of the wedding and the names of the couple.

A small diamond engagement ring, set in platinum, was also taken along with other gold and diamond rings, earrings and necklaces.

DC Colin Workman, who is investigating, said: "These items that were stolen are irreplaceable.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw suspicious activity in the area at the time, or has any other information about the burglary, to get in touch with me. Likewise, if you believe you have been offered these items for sale, I would like to hear from you.

"Anyone who can help should contact me by email or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F2/18/888. You can also report information online."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
