```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of arsons at King George V Playing Fields in Beehive Lane, Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following series of arsons at King George V Playing Fields
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-series-of-arsons-at-king-george-v-playing-fields-0441b
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of arsons at King George V Playing Fields in Beehive Lane, Welwyn Garden City.

Police were called at 8.04pm on Sunday 16 June to reports that the fence of the cricket club was on fire. Officers attended to assist the fire service. The fire, which is being treated as an arson, also spread to a tree.

Since then, there has been a number of similar reports of fires in the park and these are all being treated as arson. Offcuts of tree branches, a bin, an old bike and an old scooter have all been set alight over the last couple of weeks.

Sergeant Ian Smith, from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Thankfully nobody has been injured but this thoughtless behaviour could have had serious or even fatal consequences.

"We take a strong stance against anti-social behaviour and will not tolerate this. We have identified those involved - a group of young people, and appropriate action will be taken with our partner agencies.

"In response to these incidents, my team are regularly patrolling the playing fields and I would urge any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch with us on the non-emergency number 101.

"I would also urge parents to be aware of their children's whereabouts at all times. If you know that your child is committing anti-social behaviour, we would suggest considering placing certain conditions on them such as curfews."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form

** **
