```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 17 year old boy from London has been arrested and charged with robbery following an incident in Kings Langley.
publish:
  date: 7 Jul 2020
title: Teenager charged following robbery in Kings Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-following-robbery-in-kings-langley-321
```

* ### A teenager has been charged following a robbery in Kings Langley on Saturday (4 July).

 * ### He will appear before St Albans Crown Court next month (August).

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/52318/20 if you witnessed this incident or have information about it.

A 17 year old boy from London has been arrested and charged with robbery following an incident in Kings Langley.

It was reported on Saturday (4 July), at around 3pm, that two teenagers were on Station Road when they were threatened with knives and had cash and a watch stolen from them.

A 17 year old boy was arrested on Saturday in Hemel Hempstead and subsequently charged.

He has been remanded and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court in early August.

Officers are appealing for further witnesses to the incident as enquiries continue to trace a second person believed to have been involved.

Detective Sergeant Darren Machin, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We do all we can to tackle robbery and knife crime and bring offenders to justice.

"I hope this swift arrest and charge is reassuring to the local community and acts as a deterrent to those involved in, or considering, criminality.

"I would like to thank members of the public for their assistance which led to the arrest.

"We continue to investigate this incident and would like to hear from anyone who witnessed it or has information about it."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/52318/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
