```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Motorists in Hemel Hempstead are being given crime prevention advice following a series of thefts from vehicles in the Boxmoor area of the town.
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2019
title: "Motorists advised after series of thefts from vehicles \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motorists-advised-after-series-of-thefts-from-vehicles-hemel-hempstead-0504d
```

* ### Motorists are being given crime prevention advice after a series of thefts from vehicles in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### Six vehicles were targeted in the Boxmoor area of the town and a number of items were taken.

 * ### If you have any information about the incidents, please contact police.

Motorists in Hemel Hempstead are being given crime prevention advice following a series of thefts from vehicles in the Boxmoor area of the town.

On Friday 5 July at approximately 11.15pm, a small box containing loose change was stolen from a silver Kia Sorento on Moorland Road. ( **41/61356/19)**

Between midnight and 7.30am on Saturday 6 July, paperwork and several CDs were stolen from a blue Range Rover Evoque on Moorland Road. **(41/62077/19)**

Between midday on Saturday 6 July and 7pm on Sunday 7 July, a sat nav, a pair of prescription and sunglasses and some loose change were taken from a silver Vauxhall Corsa in Cowper Road. **(41/62482/19)**

Between 6pm on Saturday 6 July and 10.40am on Sunday 7 July, sunglasses and a phone charger was stolen from a red Citroen Picasso in Kingsland Road. **(41/61328/19)**

Between 7pm on Saturday 6 July and midday on Sunday 7 July, a purse, a mobile phone and loose change were stolen from a silver Ford Focus on Horsecroft Road. **(41/61345/19)**

Between 8.30pm on Saturday 6 July and 9.30am on Sunday 7 July, sunglasses and a set of binoculars were stolen from a black Honda Jazz on Bargrove Avenue. (41/61321/19)

PCSO Daniel McManus, from the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "All six thefts are being treated as linked and we are conducting a number of lines of enquiry at this moment in time. If you have any information that you believe could prove useful to our investigation, please get in touch."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat here, or call non-emergency number 101.

We would like to remind motorists to take the following steps when protecting their vehicle:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
