```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Road Policing officers conducted a proactive road safety operation in Hatfield last week, which resulted in several prosecution notices being issued.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2021
title: Fines issued following Road Policing operation in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fines-issued-following-road-policing-operation-in-hatfield-1239
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary's Road Policing Unit conducted a proactive road safety operation in Hatfield.

 * ### Officers were at the weighbridge in Comet Way, carrying out checks on commercial vehicles and heavy goods vehicles.

 * ### In total, eight offences were identified and dealt with during the operation.

Road Policing officers conducted a proactive road safety operation in Hatfield last week, which resulted in several prosecution notices being issued.

The operation took place on Friday 19 February, with officers based at the weighbridge on Comet Way between the hours of 7am and 11.30am.

Officers carried out checks on 18 commercial vehicles and heavy goods vehicles (HGVs). The vehicles were also checked for driving violations and other possible offences.

In total, eight offences were identified and dealt with during the operation.

Officers issued:

 * Four formal prohibitions
 * Two overweight vehicle prosecution notices
 * One dangerous condition prosecution notice
 * One £300 Graduated Fixed Penalty Notice (GFPN) for Tachograph offences.

Several informal prohibitions were also issued for overweight vehicles, where drivers were able to remove weight immediately making the vehicle safe to drive.

Sergeant Russell Jones, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Driving an overweight vehicle is incredibly dangerous, which is exactly why it is illegal. You might not immediately realise the pressure it puts on your vehicle, but overloading means that the amount of time it takes you to react to an emergency will be compromised due to your vehicle being unstable.

"This could have absolutely devastating consequences, and potentially be the cause of a fatal collision. Remember, if you are involved in a collision and are found to have been driving an overloaded vehicle, this could make your insurance policy void.

"As well as this, in the current climate where emergency services resources are stretched due to the response to coronavirus, causing completely avoidable collisions puts unnecessary pressure on the NHS. Please, if you are making essential journeys, consider the consequences of your actions and the way in which your decisions could impact others. Make sure you are driving safely, and that you are not putting yourself and all other road users at unnecessary risk.

"Our Road Policing Unit officers carry out regular operations, both overt and covert, to target and identify road users who are not adhering to the law and/or driving dangerously. Remember, just because you can't see us - it doesn't mean we can't see you."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in new window).
