```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The regional policing unit that deals with serious organised crime across the Eastern area has opened its doors to TV cameras for the first time.
publish:
  date: 25 May 2018
title: Latest 24 Hours in Police Custody episode to focus on work of regional unit
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/24hours-episode-ersou-may2018
```

**The regional policing unit that deals with serious organised crime across the Eastern area has opened its doors to TV cameras for the first time.**

The Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) tackles serious organised crime and counter terrorism across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Norfolk, Suffolk, Kent, and Essex.

On Monday (28 May), one of ERSOU's investigations will feature on the latest episode of BAFTA-nominated documentary series 24 Hours in Police Custody.

The fly on the wall show, which airs on Channel 4 at 9pm, gives a behind the scenes look at how police deal with some of the most complex and challenging cases.

For the first time, Monday's episode will feature an ERSOU investigation. The programme will look at how the unit uses various tactics to investigate a drugs line operating in Luton, nicknamed the Kane Line.

Assistant Chief Constable Trevor Rodenhurst, who heads up ERSOU, said: "By letting the cameras in, we show the complexities involved in investigating what is a problem affecting communities across the whole country.

"It's the first time we've chosen to be involved in this series due to the sensitive and covert nature of some of our work, however the prevalence of drugs lines, such as the one featured in the episode, has a real impact on local communities. That's why we felt it was really important to show people how we're tackling these issues and we hope viewers find the episode fascinating and insightful."

Tune in to Channel 4 for 24 Hours in Police Custody at 9pm on Monday 28 May.
