```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Nine people were arrested and more than 150 vehicles were stopped during a two-day proactive traffic operation spanning county borders.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2020
title: "Nine arrested during proactive cross-border traffic operation \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/nine-arrested-during-proactive-cross-border-traffic-operation-three-rivers-0442
```

* ### Nine people were arrested and eight vehicles were seized during a two-day proactive traffic operation in the M25 corridor

 * ### Using both marked and unmarked police vehicles couple with ANPR technology, the officers patrolled this section of the country's busiest motorway

 * ### They stopped more than 150 vehicles and spoke to the drivers and other occupants to determine the nature of their journeys

Nine people were arrested and more than 150 vehicles were stopped during a two-day proactive traffic operation spanning county borders.

Officers from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion team joined forces with colleagues from Thames Valley Police to flood the M25 corridor between junctions 17 and 18.

Using both marked and unmarked police vehicles couple with ANPR technology, the officers patrolled this section of the country's busiest motorway as well as the main arterial routes crossing from Hertfordshire into Buckinghamshire.

They stopped more than 150 vehicles and spoke to the drivers and other occupants to determine the nature of their journeys, as well as conducting more than 20 stop searches.

As a result, nine arrests were made for offences ranging from drug possession, theft of a vehicle and drink driving to going equipped to steal, breach of bail, driving under the influence of drugs and the fraudulent use of number plates.

Eight vehicles were seized for no insurance or other criminal offences. Ten drivers were reported for various traffic offences such as no tax or insurance and four fixed penalty notices were issued for offences such as tinted number plates, obscuring a number plate and keeping a vehicle without a number pate. Multiple intelligence reports were also submitted over the two day period, from Wednesday 22 July to Thursday 23 July.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Adam Such said: "The Scorpion team have once again set an example in the way they have coordinated this operation with professionalism. It is an excellent illustration of the disruptive and preventative work that Scorpion teams carry out across Hertfordshire every day using proactive stop and search powers.

"This time, they have had even more of an impact after teaming up with their colleagues over the border in Thames Valley. It's no secret that criminals use our road networks to travel from county to county, but we want them to know that we won't tolerate offending in Hertfordshire."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
