```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a distraction theft in Ware are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2019
title: CCTV released following distraction theft in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-released-following-distraction-theft-in-ware-2433a
```

* ### The incident happened outside Lloyds bank on January 23.

 * ### A 70-year-old woman was distracted as she attempted to withdraw money.

 * ### It was then discovered that £500 had been taken.

Police investigating a distraction theft in Ware are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

The incident happened outside Lloyds bank in the High Street, shortly after 10.45am on Wednesday, January 23.

A 70-year-old woman was withdrawing cash from an ATM when she was approached by a man who distracted her before pressing buttons on the machine, saying it was broken.

The card was returned and the man walked off.

When the victim went into the bank and attempted to withdraw cash again, it was discovered that £500 had been taken from her account.

Detective Constable Janet Hollis, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "Understandably the victim has been left shaken by what happened.

"We would like to speak with the person pictured as he may have information which could assist our investigation. I appreciate the image isn't of the best quality but someone may recognise him. If you have any information, please get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact DC Hollis by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/7552/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
