```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 40 people attended a special event aimed at tackling tool thefts and van break-ins in Royston. The local Safer Neighbourhood Team held the tool marking event in Therfield in partnership with Royston First and North Herts District Council (NHDC).
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018
title: Police to hold another free tool marking event in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-to-hold-another-free-tool-marking-event-in-royston-0386G
```

* ## Another free tool marking event to be held in Royston.

 * ## Free Alarms to first attendees.

 * ## Meet your local officers.

More than 40 people attended a special event aimed at tackling tool thefts and van break-ins in Royston. The local Safer Neighbourhood Team held the tool marking event in Therfield in partnership with Royston First and North Herts District Council (NHDC).

As well as getting their tools marked for free the first visitors also received free alarms and tool marking fluid kits, supplied courtesy of Royston First and the NHDC Royston Area Committee.

Following on from the success of this first event another one is planned for **June 21 at** **Jewson 's in Orchard Road Royston. The event will run, between 10am and 2pm **and once again free security products will be available on a first come first served basis.

"We were delighted by the response to our first event and hope the next one will be equally well attended. It is not only a chance to get some free security products and advice, but also a chance to meet your local officers," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Guy Westwood.

"Thefts from vehicles, particularly tools in vans and garages and sheds are a continual problem for us at the moment. The more people can do to protect their property the less likely they are to become a victim of this type of crime.

"Once again we have teamed up with Royston First and North Herts District Council to hold another event to help owners of tools and vans in the area protect their property. Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves and also easier to return if they are stolen and later recovered by police.

If you cannot make the event but would like to get your tools marked, please contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team by email or on 01707 354192.

**The alarms and specialist tool marking fluid includes:**

PIR motion sensor alarms, which can be fitted in the home and into vehicles. A PIR sensor measures infrared light that is reflected off moving objects that emit heat. They are commonly used to detect movement of people and animals to trigger alarms and security lighting.

SelectaDNA, allows users to mark your property with a liquid, the unique DNA codes are then registered on a secure database. The codes allow police to identify property, link criminals to crime and helps to have stolen property returned to rightful owners.

Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team also has equipment which will allow officers to engrave tools free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves. Officers will also be able to mark possessions with brightly coloured paint or ultraviolet paint.
