```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has today (Friday, October 6) been sentenced to 17 years in prison and a further five years on extended licence for attempted murder.
publish:
  date: 6 Oct 2017
title: "Man sentenced for attempted murder \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-attempted-murder-st-albans
```

* ### Craig Sutherland, 40, sentenced to 17 years in prison for attempted murder.

 * ### Sutherland repeatedly stabbed Verinder Rajput.

 * ### Further five years on extended licence.

A man has today (Friday, October 6) been sentenced to 17 years in prison and a further five years on extended licence for attempted murder.

Craig Sutherland, aged 40, of Townsend Avenue, St Albans, appeared at St Albans Crown Court today for sentencing. He was found guilty by a jury at the same court following a three week trial on Thursday, July 6.

On the night of Monday, September 12 last year, Sutherland repeatedly stabbed 46-year-old Verinder Rajput, who is better known as Vinnie.

During the attack inside Sutherland's flat, his victim suffered 12 stab wounds to his back, neck, head, hands and torso. Some of his vital organs were perforated and he also suffered a fractured jaw.

Life-saving treatment was given to Mr Rajput at the scene by the emergency services and he spent two months in hospital recovering.

On the night of the attack Sutherland and Mr Rajput, who had known each other for more than a decade, had been drinking alcohol when an argument broke out.

When officers arrived at the property, Sutherland barricaded himself in the living room. He was still armed with a knife and was threatening to cause further harm to his victim.

Officers forced entry into the flat and detained Sutherland who was kneeling over Mr Rajput with a knife in his hand.

Detective Inspector Pushpa Guild from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "When officers arrived at Sutherland's flat he was threatening to cause further harm to his victim and it was only the quick actions of officers and paramedics that saved Mr Rajput's life.

"Today, Mr Rajput continues to recover from the significant injuries he suffered at the hands of Sutherland.
