```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As the holiday season approaches Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding people not to make their homes an easy target for burglars this summer.
publish:
  date: 14 Jul 2018
title: "Don\u2019t leave your home vulnerable to burglars this summer"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Don\u2019t-leave-your-home-vulnerable-to-burglars-this-summer-0463"
```

* ## Residents advised to keep windows and doors secure during warm weather

 * ## Give your home a lived in look when you're away

 * ## Keep gardens secure and tools locked away

As the holiday season approaches Hertfordshire Constabulary is reminding people not to make their homes an easy target for burglars this summer.

As the weather heats up burglaries often increase, as warmer weather tends to mean open windows, open doors and unlocked garden gates, which can provide opportunities for burglars.

Whilst burglaries have remained at around the same levels between April and July 2018, compared to the same period last year (up one per cent), there is often an increase during the summer holidays with homes left empty when people go away. Burglars love empty homes, but if they don't know you are away, your home is unlikely to be targeted.

Social media is a great source of information for criminals. If you post about your holiday or check in on Facebook, wherever you may be, make sure your privacy settings only share your updates with people you know and trust. Using location services to tag where you are, can also tip people off that you are not at home, or can even give the precise location of your home.

Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd, said: "Many people will be preparing for a holiday over the next few weeks and leaving their homes unoccupied. By taking a few precautions before you set off, you can make your home more secure. Joining a neighbourhood watch scheme is a brilliant way to boost community safety and get support from your neighbours to make your street and local area a less attractive prospect to potential burglars. If you look out for your neighbours whilst they are away, they will return the favour."

Inspector Nicola Dean, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit, warned: "During the summer holidays, burglars target homes that are empty, looking for signs like unopened mail, uncollected bins and no lights on during the evening. You can use technology to help make it appear as though your home is occupied, using timer switches on lights and fitting cheap doorbell and external security cameras.

"We know that criminals scour social media for information that can help them commit crime and burglars are no different. Everyone loves sharing their holiday updates with friends and family online, but makes sure you know who is looking at your posts, ensure only people you know can see your posts."

There are ways to give your home a 'lived-in' look when it's unoccupied, so that any would-be thieves aren't tempted:

 * Ask a neighbour to put your bins back if they're being collected whilst you're away - if they're left out after collection day it could indicate to a passing thief that your house is unoccupied. Be a good neighbour and do the same for them.
 * If you aren't leaving your car at home, ask a neighbour/friend to park their car on your drive.
 * Don't forget to cancel deliveries of milk, newspapers etc.
 * Consider moving valuable items, like laptops and televisions so they are out of sight.
 * If you are away for a long time in the summer months, ask a neighbour to cut your grass. This helps to show that the house may be occupied.
 * You could also ask someone you trust to help give your home the lived-in look by opening and drawing the curtains, and move any post away from the letterbox.
 * You could store valuables in your loft when you go away.
 * Consider installing a wi-fi enabled doorbell camera
 * Join your local Neighbourhood Watch scheme or if there isn't one, perhaps you could start one. Visit www.hertswatch.com for details on local watch schemes.

All these tips can help to give your home the 'lived-in' look. For more detailed security advice, please visit our crime prevention pages or contact us on 101.
