```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Six people have been arrested in connection with two separate burglaries near Kings Langley.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2020
title: Six arrested on suspicion of burglary in Bucks Hill
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/six-arrested-on-suspicion-of-burglary-in-bucks-hill-0153
```

* ### Six people have been arrested on suspicion of burglary.

 * ### The arrests relate to two separate incidents at a property on Bucks Hill, near Kings Langley.

 * ### Police are asking for anyone with information to get in contact.

Six people have been arrested in connection with two separate burglaries near Kings Langley.

Police were first called just before 9.40pm yesterday (Thursday 21 May) to report suspicious activity at a property on Bucks Hill.

Officers attended and detained two people before arresting them on suspicion of attempted burglary.

They were a 26 year old man from Hemel Hempstead and a 44 year old man from Hemel Hempstead.

The 26 year old man remains in custody at this time. The 44 year old man has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Later the same evening, police were called again at 11.51pm to report further suspicious activity at the same property.a

Again, officers attended along with colleagues from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit and detained four people.

A 22 year old man from the Kings Langley area was arrested on suspicion of burglary, going equipped to burgle, taking a vehicle without the owner's consent and possession of class B drugs.

A 21 year old man from Hemel Hempstead, a 19 year old woman and a 16 year old boy - both from the Kings Langley area - were arrested on suspicion of burglary, going equipped to burgle and taking a vehicle without the owner's consent.

All four remain in police custody at this time.

Detective Inspector Stewart Moulding, head of the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We have been made aware of several articles on national news websites in relation to the property in question, and we will be making the appropriate enquiries.

"We are also liaising with the victims and are offering advice on how to put extra security measures in place.

"We would like to praise the quick-thinking actions of members of the public who took the time to call us last night. You, the public, are our extra eyes and ears so if you see something suspicious or you suspect a crime is in progress, always dial 999.

"We will not tolerate burglary in Hertfordshire and I want to make it clear that anyone who chooses to break into a home belonging to someone else can expect to be dealt with in a robust manner."

If you have any further information about last night's incidents, or think you may be able to assist in any way, you can email Sergeant Darren Machin at darren.machin@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 969 of 21 May**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Three Rivers using echo. Go and have your say.
