```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man who violently broke another man\u2019s legs leaving him with long-term mobility issues following a dispute about money has been sentenced to 10 and a half years\u2019 imprisonment"
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: St Albans man sentenced to 10 years in prison for GBH
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/st-albans-man-sentenced-to-10-years-in-prison-for-gbh-0770f
```

* ## A man who violently broke another man's legs leaving him with long-term mobility issues following a dispute about money has been sentenced to 10 and a half years' imprisonment.

 * ## Mikele Abraham, aged 30, of no fixed abode, chased the 38-year-old male victim, about 100 metres along Drovers Way with a four-foot long metal pole.

 * ## He was found guilty of GBH and possession of an offensive weapon.

A man who violently broke another man's legs leaving him with long-term mobility issues following a dispute about money has been sentenced to 10 and a half years' imprisonment.

St Albans Crown Court heard that on October 27, 2019, Mikele Abraham, aged 30, of no fixed abode, chased the 38-year-old male victim, about 100 metres along Drovers Way with a four-foot long metal pole. In Adelaide Street, Abraham hit the man in his legs up to ten times by raising the pole above his head each time, whilst the victim lay on the floor.

Abraham was arrested in Civic Close a short time later having discarded the pole.

"This was a brutal attack which inflicted serious long-term injuries to a man who has had to have surgery and continues to have ongoing mobility issues to both of his legs," said St Albans Local Crime Unit Detective Constable Stephanie Phillips. "It also had a serious impact on people out and about enjoying themselves that evening and people dining at Bar Meze where the attack happened at 9.30pm.

"This level of violence and the long-term impact for this man was so serious that he rightly received a 10-year custodial sentence."

Abraham was charged and remanded until his trial, which started on October 5 and he was found guilty of GBH on October 9. He was sentenced on October 15. He was given 10.5 years for GBH and nine months imprisonment, to run concurrently, for possession of an offensive weapon.
