```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released images of two distinctive watches that were stolen.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: Do you recognise this distinctive watch stolen in burglary?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-recognise-this-distinctive-watch-stolen-in-burglary-1251C
```

* ### A distinctive gold Victorian ladies' pocket watch was stolen during a burglary in Watford.

 * ### It happened in Kingswood Road between 10.45am on November 9 and 11.50am on Sunday, November 12.

 * ### If you have any information that could assist officers, call 101 quoting C4/17/3337.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a distinctive watch that was stolen.

The incident happened in Kingswood Road between 10.45am on Thursday, November 9 and 11.50am on Sunday, November 12.

Between these times, offender(s) have gained entry to the rear garden before smashing the patio doors and conducting a search of the upstairs' bedrooms.

They took a large amount of gold jewellery, including:

 * A 9ct gold Longines watch, engraved with 'presentation for 25 years' service with M&S. MW Minns 1981'
 * An 18ct gold ladies' Victorian engraved pocket watch (pictured)
 * A 9ct gold cufflinks entwined and engraved with 'D.R.M'

PC Lewis Mortimer, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are doing everything we can to trace those responsible for this burglary that has left the victims devastated, as the items taken were of huge sentimental value. I am urging people to think about whether they may have seen items matching the description available for sale in an antique shop, or perhaps online.

"If you have any information that you believe could help our investigation, please email me at lewis.mortimer2@herts.pnn.police.uk, call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C4/17/3337 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Distinctive watch stolen in burglary
