```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following incidents of theft from motor vehicles in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft from motor vehicles in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-from-motor-vehicles-in-rickmansworth-2253C
```

* ### Three incidents of theft from motor vehicles occurred between December 11 and 12 in Croxley Green.

 * ### Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to who may be able to assist with the investigation.

 * ### Anyone who recognises him is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/65507/18.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following incidents of theft from motor vehicles in Rickmansworth.

The first incident happened on Wednesday, December 12, at Durrants Drive, Croxley Green, between 00.57am and 1.03am.

The victim reported that her vehicle and her partner's vehicle were broken into.

A panel was removed inside the first vehicle however there was no further damage.

A hand held sat nav and a pair of sunglasses were stolen, and a pair of Rayban sunglasses was stolen from the second vehicle.

The third incident occurred between December 11 and December 12 at Lewes Way, Croxley Green.

The victim left her car unlocked on her driveway on the afternoon of December 11 and later discovered that cash had been stolen from inside sometime before the afternoon of December 12.

PCSO Steven Jacob said: "It is believed that the man pictured was in the area at the time of the offence and could have vital information that will help the investigation.

"If you recognise him, or have information about the incident, please get in touch by emailing me or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/65507/18. You can also report information online."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

###
