```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are hoping to identify a man who they think might be able to assist with their investigation following a burglary in Watford.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-watford-1267
```

* ### On Friday 6 December, a property in Church Road was broken into.

 * ### Many items were stolen, including high-value watches, designer handbags, jewellery and cash.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information, and hoping to identify a man they think could assist with their enquiries.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their investigation.

On Friday 6 December, at around 3.45pm, a property in Church Road was broken into.

A messy search of the property was conducted, and several items were found to be missing, including nine high-value watches, two designer handbags and a large amount of cash.

Detective Constable Hannah Curnow, who is investigating the case, said: "We are appealing for anyone with information to please come forward. The victims are understandably devastated at the loss of their precious possessions, as well as the damage caused to their property.

"We are aware that the CCTV image is not of the best quality, but we're hoping that someone might recognise this man thanks to his distinctive outfit - he was wearing trainers that had neon green laces, and purple and yellow gloves. We think that he might have been in the area at the time, and could help us with our investigation.

"From the extensive enquiries we've already carried out, we believe that the suspect(s) may have driven a red Lexus. If you were driving in the area around the time specified, and you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please have a look through the footage and send us anything you think could assist our investigation.

 "If you were in the area and believe you may have witnessed the incident, or believe that you saw someone behaving suspiciously, please get in touch with me. Any information you have, even something that might seem minor, could be key to us solving the case."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Curnow directly via email at Hannah.Curnow@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/109899/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
