```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Hinxworth have released images of some jewellery that were stolen as part of an appeal for information.
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2018
title: "Images of stolen jewellery released following burglary \u2013 Hinxworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-of-stolen-jewellery-released-following-burglary-hinxworth-1643
```

Officers investigating a burglary in Hinxworth have released images of some jewellery that were stolen as part of an appeal for information.

It happened at a property off the High Street at around 3pm on Tuesday, July 3.

Offender(s) gained entry to the rear garden before smashing a set of patio doors and searching the property.

They took a wooden jewellery box containing a large amount of jewellery, including those pictured. They are a distinctive pearl and amethyst pendant, and a small perfume bottle worn on a chain which is made out of mother of pearl.

Detective Constable Georgina Peggie, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "This is understandably a really upsetting crime for the victim as the items taken have huge sentimental value and simply cannot be replaced.

"I am asking people to familiarise themselves with these unusual pieces of jewellery in case the offender(s) try to sell them, either in a shop or via social media.

"I am also asking those who live locally or had been visiting the area to please cast their minds back and try to remember if they saw any suspicious activity in the village that day. Any information, however insignificant it may seem, could be the key to solving the crime."

Anyone with information is asked to email DC Peggie on georgina.peggie@herts.police.uk, report online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference number 41/13979/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Pearl and amethyst pendant Mother of Pearl perfume necklace
