```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have shared photos of jewellery similar to items stolen in a burglary, in a bid to track them down and return them to their rightful owner.
publish:
  date: 2 Sep 2020
title: Have you seen this stolen jewellery?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-stolen-jewellery-0563
```

* ### Between 8.45pm on Saturday 8 August and 7.30am on Sunday 9 August, offender(s) gained access to a property in Clitheroe Gardens in Oxhey

 * ### Officers have released photos of jewellery similar to that stolen in the burglary in a bid to trace it

 * ### If you can help, contact DC Nicola Simons by calling 101 or emailing nicola.simons2@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/63130/20

Officers have shared photos of jewellery similar to items stolen in a burglary, in a bid to track them down and return them to their rightful owner.

Between 8.45pm on Saturday 8 August and 7.30am on Sunday 9 August, offender(s) gained access to a property in Clitheroe Gardens in Oxhey.

They conducted an untidy search and stole a 32inch Toshiba television, cash, a jewellery box and palliative medication including pain relief.

Detective Constable Nicola Simons said: "We've previously appealed for information and witnesses in relation to this burglary. The victim is very seriously ill and so this has been an extremely distressing time for her and her loved ones.

"We're doing all we can to trace those responsible and we're keen to find the stolen jewellery.

"These images are similar, if not identical, to those that were taken. Do you recognise them? Have you seen them for sale? If you think you can help, please do not hesitate to get in touch.

"We're still appealing for witnesses and information about the burglary so if you think you can help please make contact if you haven't already.

"Once again, I want to appeal to the offenders to do the right thing and come forward. A difficult time has been made so much worse by this callous crime.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at nicola.simons2@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/63130/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

**_Copyright_**

**Two of the photos can be found at the following two links. The copyright for the rest is still being ascertained.**

 * **https://www.william-may.co.uk/jewellery-c4/pre-owned-9ct-yellow-gold-clown-pendant-p26794**

 * https://www.william-may.co.uk/jewellery-c4/pre-owned-9ct-yellow-gold-large-gemstone-set-doll-pendant-p63129/s63455?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_term=pre-owned-9ct-yellow-gold-large-gemstone-set-doll-pendant-2222844&utm_campaign=product%2Blisting%2Bads&cid=GBP&network=g&campaign=1597849617&adgroup=63155585649&keyword=&match=device=m&creative=303164553824&campaignname=*Shopping%20-%20Used%20-%20Pendants%20&%20Charms&campaigntype=Shopping&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI993mxLe46wIVibPtCh27aQ5_EAQYASABEgIPIPD_BwE
