```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Northwood man has been jailed in connection with theft and burglary offences, committed across Hertfordshire and neighbouring counties.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2018
title: Northwood man jailed in connection with burglary and theft offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/northwood-man-jailed-in-connection-with-burglary-and-theft-offences-0185C
```

* ### Lee Smith pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal and was jailed for two and a half years.

 * ### The investigation encompassed 24 offences which totalled losses to victims of more than £45,000.

 * ### The offences occurred over a four week period earlier this year.

A Northwood man has been jailed in connection with theft and burglary offences, committed across Hertfordshire and neighbouring counties.

Lee Smith, aged 32, from Columbus Gardens, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal in connection with 24 offences, which totalled losses to victims of more than £45,000.

Between January 29 and February 26 this year Smith was involved in:

 * The theft of six motor vehicles from driveways
 * Three thefts from motor vehicles
 * Theft of number plates
 * Three non-dwelling burglaries (targeting underground garages)
 * Eight bilking offences (theft of petrol)

Following extensive enquiries by Hertfordshire's Specialist Investigation Team, Smith was arrested by plain clothed officers in South Oxhey on February 28 and subsequently charged.

He was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Wednesday, May 2 to two years and six months imprisonment after pleading guilty at an earlier hearing.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Nick Lillitou said: "Lee Smith is a prolific offender with numerous previous convictions. We are pleased that he is now behind bars and that we have been able to return a large amount of stolen property to victims.

"I hope this sends a message that we will do all we can to target those who commit crime in Hertfordshire and bring them to justice."
