```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is one of five police forces nationally who have contributed to a new report being released today by the National Police Chiefs\u2019 Council (NPCC) highlighting the scale of dog attacks on livestock - livestock worrying - and the challenges faced by police forces in supporting farmers."
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2018
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary contributes to national report on livestock worrying
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-contributes-to-national-report-on-livestock-worrying-1669ALL
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary contributes to national project about dog attacks on livestock.

 * ### A recent report by the All Party Parliamentary Group for Animal Welfare estimated that around 15,000 sheep alone were killed by dogs nationally in 2016, putting the cost to the farming sector at around £1.3m.

 * ### Police call for improvements to legislation to deal with livestock worrying.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is one of five police forces nationally who have contributed to a new report being released today by the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) highlighting the scale of dog attacks on livestock - livestock worrying - and the challenges faced by police forces in supporting farmers.

 At present, dog owners are not obliged to make a report to the police if their dog has attacked any livestock, and attacks are not treated as a 'recordable crime' on police systems. As a result, there has been little reliable police data on the scale of the problem facing farmers and livestock owners. However, a recent report by the All Party Parliamentary Group for Animal Welfare estimated that around 15,000 sheep alone were killed by dogs in 2016, putting the cost to the farming sector at around £1.3m.

Over the last year, five police forces (North Yorkshire, Devon and Cornwall, Sussex, North Wales and Hertfordshire) have been taking part in an initiative to look at the true extent of livestock worrying in the countryside. The forces analysed data on their systems from September 2013 to 2017 and found that:

 * There were 1705 recorded incidents of livestock worrying and attacks in the five force areas.
 * 1928 animals were killed, and 1614 injured - at an estimated cost of £250,000.
 * 11 per cent of the incidents involved repeat offenders - owners or walkers whose dog had worried or caused damage to livestock before.
 * The dog owner was not present at the time of the attack in the majority of incidents, showing that the issue goes beyond keeping dogs on a lead.

In Hertfordshire:

 * There were 108 incidents of livestock worrying from between 30 May 2014 and 31 August 2017
 * Recorded number of livestock killed during that period - 106
 * Recorded number of livestock injured during that period - 105
 * There was one recorded incident which resulted in the offending dog being shot by a farmer
 * In 58% of recorded cases of livestock worrying, the dog owner was not present
 * 9% of recorded cases were committed by repeat offending owners/walkers
 * Hertfordshire recorded financial loss from killed and injured livestock, including veterinarian costs amounting to £23,470
 * Of these incidents, 10 resulted in a civil resolution, 6 in a community resolution, 5 in a charge or summons to court and 9 in a police caution. There was insufficient evidence in 49 cases.

The NPCC's Wildlife and Rural Crime Working Group considered the findings and identified the following challenges faced by police forces when dealing with sheep worrying:

 * Many animals such as llamas, alpacas, emus and ostriches are subject to dog attacks, but are not defined as livestock meaning they are not covered by the law.
 * Attacks are only unlawful in particular locations. For example, if an attack takes place on a public lane it is not classed as unlawful.
 * Police officers are unable to search a dog-owner's home to search for and seize a dog that has worried or caused damage to livestock.
 * Businesses such as kennels are not legally responsible for attacks, even if these attacks are carried out by dogs in their care.
 * Dog owners do not have a legal responsibility to report when their dog has attacked livestock.
 * Livestock worrying is not a crime which is regularly recorded on police systems, missing the opportunity improve the data picture.

PC Simon Tibbett from the Rural Operational Support Team (ROST) at Hertfordshire Constabulary said: "This was an important project to be part of, particularly because we know that livestock worrying is an issue of concern to our farmers and landowners. As a police force, we require greater powers and clarity in this area and a change in the current, out-dated legislation would be welcome to make it more fit for purpose.

"My colleagues and I in the Rural Operational Support Team (ROST) are dedicated to tackling rural crime. It's something that the Constabulary takes very seriously. The team is made up of police officers who are specialists in rural and agricultural issues, wildlife crime, the local environment and heritage crime, as well as traveller liaison issues. We also provide essential expertise to officers from across the constabulary in dealing with, and investigating, these matters."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said: "Hertfordshire has a considerable amount of countryside and at the regular police Barn Meetings I attend around the county this is a problem which has been identified.

"Our Rural Operational Support Team work closely with local police on these issues and I'm pleased to see Hertfordshire taking a lead in listening to the community on these matters."

National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) Lead for Wildlife and Rural Crime, Chief Constable David Jones said: "This project provides hard data showing livestock worrying is a very significant issue for farmers that impacts on their livelihoods.

"We need dog-owners to take responsibility for their animals - not just by putting their dogs on a lead when out walking, but by preventing them from escaping from home and causing damage to livestock. We need livestock owners to report incidents so that we can gather intelligence and launch investigations. Above all, we need the powers to tackle this problem effectively and an overhaul of the outdated and sometimes ineffective rules surrounding livestock worrying".

Hertfordshire Constabulary contributes to national report on livestock worrying
