```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an incident on the M25 where a man was assaulted are trying to trace two men who may have witnessed what happened.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2018
title: Did you witness assault on the M25?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-on-the-m25-0617c
```

* ### The incident occurred on the exit slip road at junction 19.

 * ### A man was reportedly punched in the face following an altercation.

 * ### Two men in a van are believed to have intervened.

Police investigating an incident on the M25 where a man was assaulted are trying to trace two men who may have witnessed what happened.

The incident occurred on the exit slip road at junction 19, towards Watford, between 6.50am and 7.15am, on Tuesday, July 10.

Two male drivers were reportedly involved in an altercation before one of them was punched in the face.

PC Sarah Calcutt said: "Two men in a van are reported to have intervened during the incident and I am appealing for them to please get in touch, as they may be able to assist our enquiries.

"I would also like to hear from anyone else who may have witnessed what happened or events leading up to it."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Calcutt at Abbots Langley police station via email or by calling 01923 472483, quoting crime reference 41/16166/18. You can also report information online or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
