```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of fraud in Berkhamsted have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 3 Apr 2018
title: Do you recognise these men?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-these-men-0003D
```

* ### Do you recognise these two men? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into fraud in Berkhamsted.

 * ### It happened in St Edmunds on the afternoon of Wednesday, February 28.

 * ### If you know those pictured, please call 101 quoting crime reference D2/18/244.

Officers investigating an incident of fraud in Berkhamsted have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in St Edmunds between 1pm and 2pm on Wednesday, February 28.

The victim, a man in his 80s, answered the door to three men who told him they had identified a water leak to the rear of his property.

They said that it needed fixing before leaving the property for a short period of time.

They later returned and asked the victim to write a blank cheque for more than £18,000 by way of payment for the alleged work that had been carried out.

The victim did what they asked and they left the area. The incident was reported to police when a friend realised what had happened. The cheque has now been cancelled.

Detective Constable Kirsty Rusbridge, who is investigating, said: "I would like to speak to these two men pictured as I believe they may have information that could help progress my investigation.

"If you know them, or have any further information that could help us, please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number D2/18/244."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Do you recognise these men?
