```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: School is nearly out and so are officers from the North Herts Rural Neighbourhood police team.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Rural police launch special operation to tackle cross border crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rural-police-launch-special-operation-to-tackle-cross-border-crime-0488g
```

* ### Local teams use ANPR to track down cross border criminals.

 * ### Rural back roads monitored in a bid to crack down on rural crime.

 * ### Operation will continue throughout the summer months.

School is nearly out and so are officers from the North Herts Rural Neighbourhood police team.

Joining forces with colleagues in St Albans, officers and PCSOs launched Operation Astare on Friday 15 July - a rural Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) based operation tackling rural crime across the summer.

The teams will be tackling hare coursing, criminal damage to fields and crops and fly tipping, as well as theft and burglary in rural locations.

North Herts Rural Sergeant Guy Westwood explained: "Operation Astare will be running throughout the rest of the summer enabling us to gather intelligence about who is travelling through the area, as well as detecting and preventing crime. It also allows us to disrupt the activities of criminals coming into North Herts from other areas.

"We know that many criminals travel into our rural areas from outside of the county and then use key routes and some of the back roads that lead off them, to make quick escapes. With the harvest season nearly upon us we will see an increase in the number of reported hare coursing incidents as the fields start to be cut."

In North Herts ANPR was used on the A505 into Hitchin, with a vehicle based on the outskirts of Hitchin and another patrolling the tracks along Lilley Bottom Road which are often used by criminals to avoid major routes. Another vehicle was based in Kimpton to provide support for the Harpenden officers with their mobile ANPR camera on the Lower Luton Road, in case anything was displaced.

In St Albans officers used a mobile ANPR kit to monitor the A1081 Luton Road and had a stopping point at the junction with The Common, Kinsbourne Green.

Sergeant Westwood added: "I hope these operations will provide reassurance to our local communities. I would also like to thank the many law abiding motorist for their patience and understanding in supporting these proactive operations."
