```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: On Friday 24 April, officers from the Stevenage Scorpion Team along with Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood officers, executed a warrant at an address in Moxham House, Giles Crescent, just before 7am.
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2020
title: Man arrested for drugs offences in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-arrested-for-drugs-offences-in-Stevenage-0062E
```

* Local officers execute warrant
 * Property searched and drugs and cash seized
 * Man arrested for drugs offences

On Friday 24 April, officers from the Stevenage Scorpion Team along with Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood officers, executed a warrant at an address in Moxham House, Giles Crescent, just before 7am.

Entry was forced to the property and suspected class B drugs were seized along with a large amount of cash after, an extensive search was carried out.

A 21 year old male was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs. He has since been released under investigation.

If you have any concerns about drug related crime in your area, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
