```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Hatfield are releasing CCTV images of two men they would like to identify, as they believe they may be able to assist with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft of charity box in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-of-charity-box-in-hatfield-1099
```

* ### The incident happened on Thursday 7 November

 * ### A Royal British Legion poppy appeal charity box was stolen

 * ### Officers are appealing for information

Officers investigating a theft in Hatfield are releasing CCTV images of two men they would like to identify, as they believe they may be able to assist with their enquiries.

On Thursday 7 November, at around 9.10pm, some chocolate bars and a Royal British Legion poppy appeal charity box were stolen from Quigley's Newsagents in Birchwood Avenue.

PC Adam Haines, of the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "It is such a shame that people have spent their hard earned money donating to a good cause, only for it to be selfishly stolen. This type of crime will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire.

"If you recognise either of the men pictured, please get in contact with us, as it is believed they may have been in the area at the time of the offence and could have information which could help our investigation."

Make sure you're taking the appropriate measures to ensure that your charity boxes are safe and secure. Hertfordshire Constabulary advises you to secure the charity box by its security cord to a static fixture, such as the till, and make sure you display it in a place that is manned by staff, such as a reception desk or a till point.

If you have CCTV, make sure you place the charity box in view of it, as that way if it does unfortunately get stolen you'll have footage to assist our enquiries.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/102141/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
