```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans are releasing photos of stolen jewellery in a bid to trace it.
publish:
  date: 8 Nov 2018
title: "Have you seen this jewellery? \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-jewellery-st-albans-2044F
```

Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans are releasing photos of stolen jewellery in a bid to trace it.

Between 8am on Wednesday, September 26 and 6.55pm on Friday, September 28, offender(s) gained entry to a property on Sherwood Avenue. The following items were taken:

 * A gold chain and pendant (pictured)
 * Red and yellow gold cufflinks
 * A women's gold ring
 * An oval shaped brooch
 * A silver chain necklace (pictured)
 * A diamond and sapphire cluster ring
 * A ring with a ruby stone surrounded by diamonds
 * A gold eternity ring with diamonds and sapphires around the ring
 * A set of gold half hoop earrings
 * A thin gold Elizabethan ring

Detective Constable Deji Afolabi, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who saw anything suspicious between the times stated to get in touch. Similarly, if you believe that you may have been offered one of these items for sale, please get in contact with me. You may have vital information that could help our investigation and reunite the victims with their jewellery which is of great sentimental value to them.

"If you can help, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or email me, quoting crime reference 41/41200/18. You can also report information online."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Stolen necklace Stolen necklace
