```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after plant machinery was stolen from a community centre in Watford.
publish:
  date: 17 May 2018
title: Theft of plant machinery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/theft-of-plant-machinery-in-watford-0225c
```

* ### A dumper truck was stolen from outside a community centre.

 * ### There were a number of people around at the time who may have seen what happened.

 * ### Witnesses are asked to contact police.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after plant machinery was stolen from a community centre in Watford.

Between 5.30pm and 6pm on Tuesday, April 24, a fence was damaged at the Meridan Way community centre to gain access to a yellow Thwaites dumper truck.

The machine was started up and driven off onto Garsmouth Way.

The suspect is described as a white man, aged 30 to 40 years old and of medium build. He was wearing a white hard hat and yellow high vis clothing.

PC Kayleigh Fox, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The theft occurred during one of busiest times for the community centre so it's likely there would have been a number of people around when the offence took place. If you saw what happened, please contact us.

"We are particularly keen to trace a man who was seen speaking to the offender shortly before the incident. He is described as white, bald, of slim build and was wearing black clothing.

"If you have any information that could assist our enquiries, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Fox on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C4/18/1149. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
