```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2018
title: "Appeal following an assault \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-an-assault-Stevenage-1528E
```

* ### Man in his 70s was pushed over and injured in the underpass near King George V Park in Stevenage.

 * ### It happened on Fairlands Way at 5.45pm on Thursday, January 25.

 * ### Did you witness the assault? Call 101 quoting E1/18/678.

Officers investigating an assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Fairlands Way at 5.45pm on Thursday, January 25.

The victim, a man in his 70s, was walking in the underpass alongside King George V Park when he was approached from behind by an offender.

The offender, a man, hit him on the side of the face before pushing him to the ground and making off.

The victim suffered an injury to his lip which required hospital treatment.

PC Andrew Plant, who is investigating, said: "This was a nasty and unprovoked attack on a man who was just going about his daily business.

"We are doing all we can to trace the person responsible and would urge anyone who was in the area at the time and witnessed what happened, or saw someone running from the scene, to please get in touch with us."

If you have any information that may assist the investigation, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference E1/18/678, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
