```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A knife bin will be at the St Albans City and District Council offices from today (Tuesday September 17) so residents can get rid of unwanted knives to the police anonymously during the national knife amnesty.
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2019
title: Surrender your unwanted knives in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/surrender-your-unwanted-knives-in-st-albans-0778f
```

* ### A knife bin will be at the St Albans City and District Council offices this week.

 * ### Residents can put knives in the bin without fear of prosecution for possession of these items until Friday (September 20).

 * ### If you are concerned or have information about someone carrying knives or are aware of anyone involved in knife crime you can report this by calling 101.

A knife bin will be at the St Albans City and District Council offices from today (Tuesday September 17) so residents can get rid of unwanted knives to the police anonymously during the national knife amnesty.

Residents can put knives in the bin without fear of prosecution for possession of these items until Friday (September 20).

St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "The Albans district does not have a knife crime issue but it is not exempt from violent crime. The amnesty is part of our strategy in tackling serious violence and educating young people about the serious consequences of carrying a knife."

If you are concerned or have information about someone carrying knives or are aware of anyone involved in knife crime you can report this by calling the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat __.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form __.

If you would like further information on support services relating to knife crime contact.
