```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating a series of distraction thefts in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are releasing images of two people they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries"
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2019
title: "Distraction thefts in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/distraction-thefts-in-bishops-stortford-2570a
```

* ### The thefts occurred at four businesses in the town.

 * ### Staff were distracted on each occasion and personal items were stolen.

 * ### Police would like to speak with the people pictured as they may be able to assist enquiries.

Police investigating a series of distraction thefts in Bishop's Stortford are releasing images of two people they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

Between Monday, February 11 and Wednesday, February 13, property - including purses and mobile phones - were stolen from four businesses in the town after staff members were distracted.

Three of the incidents occurred on February 13.

Officers would like to speak with the men pictured as they may have information which could assist the investigation.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "On each occasion the offenders have managed to distract staff by using a map, or other large pieces of paper, enabling them to cover and take items that have been easily accessible to them. Please ensure that your personal valuables are locked away, or on your person and not left easily within reach."

Anyone who recognises the people pictured, or has information about the thefts, should contact PCSO Scott Rome via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
