```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were recovered following an operation by police in Watford.
publish:
  date: 29 Jun 2018
title: Suspected Class A drugs recovered following warrant in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspected-class-a-drugs-recovered-following-warrant-in-watford-0446c
```

* ### The warrant was carried out at an address in Cassiobury Park Avenue.

 * ### A man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

 * ### Members of the public are encouraged to report any suspicious activity to police.

A man was arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were recovered following an operation by police in Watford.

Officers from the local Scorpion team executed a warrant at an address in Cassiobury Park Avenue on Wednesday (June 27), with assistance from the Constabulary's Operational Support Group.

A 20-year-old man from Luton was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and has been bailed pending further enquiries.

A second man was also arrested for failing to appear at court in connection with an unrelated matter.

Following the warrant, subsequent enquiries led to a further quantity of drugs and cash being recovered from an address in Luton.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "Our officers are constantly working to build intelligence around those who are suspected of being involved in drug supply. If you are, it is only a matter of time before we catch up with you.

"Drugs and associated criminality blight local communities and we will continue to crack down on offenders and bring them to justice.

"If you suspect drug activity in your neighbourhood, please report it so that we can gather the evidence we need to take appropriate action."

You can report information via the non-emergency number 101 or online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
