```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following a theft in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-theft-in-bishops-stortford-0475a
```

* ### Officers have released images of two men they want to identify, as they may help with their enquiries looking into a theft in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### The incident occurred between 12.10pm and 1.15pm on Monday 8 June where a woman had her purse stolen in Waitrose.

 * ### Anyone who may have information that could help the investigation are encouraged to call 101, quoting reference 41/61818/19.

Officers investigating a theft in Bishop's Stortford have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between 12.10pm and 1.15pm on Monday 8 June, a woman had her purse stolen at Waitrose in Northgate End.

Transactions were then made at the following stores shortly after:

 * Superdrug at 12:35pm in Jackson Square.
 * Holland and Barrett at 12.35pm in Jackson Square.
 * Boots at 12:45pm in Potter Street.

Money was also withdrawn from various ATMs meaning a considerable amount of cash was stolen.

PSCO Adam Pemberton from the Bishop's Stortford Neighbourhood Team said: "We hope to speak to the two men pictured as he may have some useful information that could help the investigation.

"Please get in touch if you recognise him and I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to guard their pin number when out shopping - you never know who may be watching."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Pemberton via email _,_ report information online _,_ _speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere_ _ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting _crime reference 41/61818/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
