```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized during a warrant in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2020
title: Two arrested and Class A drugs seized in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-and-class-a-drugs-seized-in-hertford-0042a
```

* ## The warrant was carried out at an address on Wednesday.

 * ## Two people were arrested and suspected Class A seized.

 * ## People are encouraged to voice their views to police via echo.

Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized during a warrant in Hertford.

Officers from the East Herts Op Scorpion team and the Constabulary's Operation Mantis unit conducted the operation at an address in Welwyn Road on Wednesday (15 April).

The drugs were seized, along with cash, mobile phones and drug paraphernalia.

A 37-year-old man and a 41-year-old man were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Nick Anstead, from the East Herts Scorpion Team, said: "I hope this serves as a warning to those who are involved in supplying drugs that it is still very much business as usual for us at this time; we continue to act on intelligence and will not hesitate to take appropriate action.

"Drugs can often be the catalyst for more violent crime and no one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour in their neighbourhood. I would urge the public to keep reporting information to us. We are still here and we are listening.

"You can also tell us what you think we should be focussing our policing efforts on locally by using our digital feedback platform echo. Simply visit bit.ly/herts-echo to give us your views. Please note that this service cannot be used to report crime."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
