```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-hatfield-1082b
```

* ## The incident happened in Bishops Rise on Saturday 2 January.

 * ## At around 8.45pm, cash was stolen from a man as he used the Co-op ATM.

 * ## If you can help, call 101 or email DC Sonja Townsend at sonja.townsend@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting 41/405/21.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Hatfield.

The incident happened in Bishops Rise on Saturday 2 January.

At around 8.45pm, the victim - a man in his twenties - was at the cashpoint outside the Co-op withdrawing money. He was approached by a male who stole hundreds of pounds from the ATM before making off.

The offender is described as a white male, 5ft 2in tall and spoke with an English accent. He was wearing a black hoody, black trousers, black face mask and was carrying a black gym bag. It is reported that he was in possession of a knife.

Detective Constable Sonja Townsend, who is investigating, said: "We are carrying out extensive enquiries to trace the offender and I am appealing for anyone who thinks they might have seen what happened or anyone with information about the incident to get in touch.

"The victim chased the offender after his money was stolen and this might have caught the attention of those in the vicinity. Were you in the area? Did you see what happened? Perhaps you were driving past and captured the offender on dash cam?

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email Detective Constable Sonja Townsend quoting crime reference 41/405/21."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Welwyn, Hatfield echo and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
