```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward following an arson attack in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2017
title: Did you witness arson in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-arson-in-HemelHempstead-1077D
```

* #### * A building on the industrial estate in Finway Road was targeted.

 * #### * Three offenders are believed to have been involved.

 * #### * Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward following an arson attack in Hemel Hempstead.

The incident occurred at the industrial estate on Finway Road, off Three Cherry Trees Lane, at around 3.40am on Monday, October 2.

Three people approached a building on the estate and smashed a window before setting fire to it.

The offenders then fled the scene on foot.

Detective Constable Chris Phillips said: "Luckily a security guard arrived less than a minute later and was able to call the fire service to put the flames out before a significant amount of damage was caused and anyone was injured. Had it not been for his actions, the outcome could have been very different.

"Members of the public and a number of vehicles were seen in the area at the time of the incident so I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or saw three men acting suspiciously, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Dacorum Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/17/7858, or use the online reporting form

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
