```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a number of vehicles were damaged in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2019
title: Damage to cars in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/damage-to-cars-in-hertford-0259a
```

* ### Around 30 vehicles were damaged.

 * ### A windscreen was smashed and mirrors were damaged.

 * ### Officers are asking anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a number of vehicles were damaged in Hertford.

At around 7am on Sunday, May 5, a member of the public reported to police that around 30 vehicles had been targeted while parked in a car park in Mead Lane. It is believed the damage had been caused overnight.

One of the vehicles had its windscreen smashed, while several others had mirrors or windscreen wipers damaged.

Detective Constable Charlotte Slaney, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "This senseless behaviour has left a number of people with hefty repair bills, which they are understandably very upset about.

"I am appealing for anyone with information about the damage to please come forward. Did you see or hear anything suspicious in the area? Any information could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact DC Slaney by emailing or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/40384/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
