```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a fire at a church in Royston which is being treated as arson.
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2018
title: Arson at Royston church
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arson-at-royston-church-2207g
```

* ### The incident occurred in the early hours of today.

 * ### It is currently being treated as arson.

 * ### Witnesses are being urged to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a fire at a church in Royston which is being treated as arson.

Police were called by the fire service shortly after 3.45am today (Sunday, December 9) to advise they were responding to reports of a fire at St John the Baptist Church in Melbourn Street.

Officers also attended to assist at the scene.

Investigations are now being carried out to establish the circumstances surrounding the fire.

No one was hurt during the incident.

Detective Inspector Jason Keane said: "Understandably, this incident has caused a great deal of upset in the local community.

"Our investigations are continuing alongside our colleagues at Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service but we are treating the incident as suspicious.

"I am appealing for anyone with information about the fire, or events leading up to it, to please come forward. Did you witness any suspicious activity in the area or around the church itself? Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 143 of December 9. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
