```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Residents in the St Albans district still routinely leave their vehicles insecure with personal belongings inside because they believe opportunist thieves will smash their windows if they can\u2019t get in."
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2018
title: "CCTV shows how easily thefts from vehicles could be prevented \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-shows-how-easily-thefts-from-vehicles-could-be-prevented-StAlbans2160F
```

* ### Residents in the St Albans district still routinely leave their vehicles insecure with personal belongings inside.

 * ### So Hertfordshire Constabulary have issued some footage of an opportunist offender trying car doors to see what he can find.

 * ### If residents locked their cars and removed laptops, phones, cash and other valuables, we could reduce thefts from motor vehicles by as much as 80 to 90 per cent.

Residents in the St Albans district still routinely leave their vehicles insecure with personal belongings inside because they believe opportunist thieves will smash their windows if they can't get in.

So Hertfordshire Constabulary have issued some footage of an opportunist offender trying car doors to see what he can find.

"The truth is the majority of our offenders don't want to get caught by breaking glass when they can easily find a car that is unlocked," said Harpenden Rural Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Jordon Fox. "If residents locked their cars and removed laptops, phones, cash and other valuables, we could reduce thefts from motor vehicles by as much as 80 to 90 per cent."

Out of 26 thefts from motor vehicle crimes over three weeks (up to November 20), only two cars had their window smashed. Nineteen of these thefts involved the vehicles being insecure; the others included the theft of power tools, theft of a number plate and theft of vehicle parts. Most of the offences during this time were in St Albans - 16; seven were in London Colney and three were in Harpenden.
