```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "With an increase in burglaries and thefts from motor vehicles across the St Albans district, there\u2019s never been a better time to sign up to receive emails about crime happening in your area."
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2019
title: Find out what crimes are happening in your area and how you can help prevent them
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Find-out-what-crimes-are-happening-in-your-area-and-how-you-can-help-prevent-them-2567F
```

* With an increase in burglaries and thefts from motor vehicles across the St Albans district, there's never been a better time to sign up to receive emails about crime happening in your area.
 * OWL messages are sent out regularly on a range of relevant issues including burglaries, thefts from vehicles and missing and wanted people, with simple and relevant crime prevention advice.

 * To sign up, simply log on to **www.owl.co.uk/herts**

With an increase in burglaries and thefts from motor vehicles across the St Albans district, there's never been a better time to sign up to receive emails about crime happening in your area.

St Albans Neighbourhood Sergeant Paul Caro said: "As we cannot be on every street 24 hours a day, we need residents to let us know about any unusual or suspicious behaviour in their neighbourhoods and take on board crime prevention advice, which we send to residents signed up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL). It's very simple to sign up and could prevent crime happening in your street."

OWL messages are sent out regularly on a range of relevant issues including burglaries, thefts from vehicles and missing and wanted people, with simple and relevant crime prevention advice. Residents won't receive too many messages as some are just sent to specific streets or areas.

He said: "By signing up to OWL, you will be more aware of what is happening in your local area. We find that people who receive our messages are more likely to notice the vehicle or person out of place and we have more chance of making arrests if the public contact us with their suspicions."

Over 50 per cent of residents are signed up to OWL in Redbourn. "It would be great if sign up rates could be boosted in other areas of St Albans, including Marshalswick, which unfortunately has seen a recent increase in burglaries. We have increased our patrols in this area and are keen to be able to easily communicate with residents."

A PCSO is Elstree has just signed up his 1,000th resident to OWL. Sergeant Caro said: "It's no coincidence that there were no burglaries in Elstree for 115 days (between September 4 and December 28, 2018) after an additional 129 people signed up to receive the OWL messages during that time. As well as encouraging community spirit, together, we can reduce crime across the St Albans district."

To sign up, simply log on to **www.owl.co.uk/herts **

_If you believe a crime is in progress, call 999. Otherwise, call 101 if you are reporting a crime retrospectively or report online_https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.
