```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a common assault in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 3 Jan 2019
title: "Appeal for information following a common assault \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-a-common-assault-hatfield-2310B
```

* ### Did you witness an incident outside B&M in Oldings Corner, Hatfield, on Tuesday, December 18?

 * ### A man in a silver Ford Transit verbally abused a woman in her 20s before threatening her partner with a metal pole.

 * ### If you saw what happened, or have any further information, please call 101 quoting 41/67163/18.

Officers investigating a common assault in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened outside B&M in the Oldings Corner retail park between 2.50pm and 3pm on Tuesday, December 18.

The incident followed a disagreement a few moments earlier at the roundabout junction between Great North Road, Hertford Road and Mount Pleasant Lane.

The victim - a woman in her 20s - parked her car and got out when she was approached by the offender, a man.

He began verbally abusing her before threatening her partner, a man, with a metal pole. He then got back into his vehicle, which was a silver Ford Transit van with 'free estimation' written on the side.

The victim tried to take a photograph of the van's registration plate before the offender attempted to reverse his vehicle into the victim's car. He then drove off in the direction of the petrol station. The victim was not injured.

PC Ryan Buddington, who is investigating, said: "This incident occurred in an area with lots of people around, so we believe others may have witnessed what happened. We are also keen to speak to you if you were in the car park at the time of the incident and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle.

"If you can help, please contact me by emailing or via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/67163/18."

You can also report information online or speak to one of our call operators in our Force Communications Room via online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
