```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two further people have been arrested in connection with the murder of David Molloy in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 21 Mar 2018
title: Two further people arrested in connection with murder in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-further-people-arrested-in-connection-with-murder-in-Hemel-Hempstead-1820D
```

* ### Two further people have been arrested in connection with a murder in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### A 19 year old man and a 17 year old girl, both from Luton, have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * ### They were arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender.

Two further people have been arrested in connection with the murder of David Molloy in Hemel Hempstead.

A 19 year old man and a 17 year old girl, both from Luton, were arrested yesterday (Tuesday, March 20) on suspicion of assisting an offender. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Mohammed Tariq Khalid, aged 27, of no fixed address, who is charged with murder, appeared at Luton Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday). The case was adjourned. He is due to appear again on April 16 and has been remanded in custody.

Police were called at 2.21am on Tuesday (March 13) to Saturn Way following reports of a stabbing.

David, aged 24, was treated by paramedics but was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

His family are currently being supported by specialist officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 25 of March 13.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
