```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to a colleague after he stabbed him in the neck while they were at work.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2021
title: "Man found guilty of grievous bodily harm \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-found-guilty-of-grievous-bodily-harm-Three-Rivers-1350
```

* ### Johnny Walker, aged 56, of Buckingham Road, Borehamwood, was convicted of GBH at St Albans Crown Court

 * ### He was found guilty of stabbing his work colleague in the neck on a film set at Warner Bro Studios Leavesden

 * ### He is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday 26 May

A man has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to a colleague after he stabbed him in the neck while they were at work.

Johnny Walker, aged 56, of Buckingham Road, Borehamwood, was convicted at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday 18 March following a two-day trial.

He was found guilty of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm. He had previously admitted to a lesser charge of unlawful wounding.

The court heard how Walker and the victim, who both worked as stage hands at the Warner Bros Studios in Leavesden, did not see eye to eye and had a previous dislike of one another.

However on Wednesday 19 June 2019, things escalated while the men were working on a film set.

Following another heated disagreement, Walker produced a Stanley knife and slashed the 44-year-old victim on the neck, causing a deep wound.

The victim, who is a father of five, believed the attack had severed his artery and he feared for his life.

The defendant fled the scene before police and paramedics attended the scene. The victim was taken to hospital where he received a total of 11 stitches to the wound on his neck. He has made a full physical recovery but still suffers with poor mental health as a result of the incident. Walker was arrested later the same day.

He has been released on conditional bail following his conviction and is due to be sentenced on Wednesday 26 May.

Detective Constable Vanessa Gottmann, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "I want to first pay tribute to the bravery that the victim has shown throughout the investigation.

"It has been an incredibly difficult time for him and his family as the trial had to be delayed following the outbreak of coronavirus, so this result has been a long time coming for them.

"I am pleased that we have achieved a conviction for this horrific and unwarranted attack, which could have easily had a fatal outcome. We now await sentencing at the end of May."
