```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team hosted a stall in Asda, Hatfield, as part of the national knife amnesty Op Sceptre, on Wednesday (18 September).
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: Officers meet with Hatfield shoppers for Op Sceptre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-meet-with-hatfield-shoppers-for-op-sceptre-0795
```

* ### Officers hosted a stall in Asda, Hatfield in conjunction with Operation Sceptre

 * ### A knife bin will remain in Hatfield Police Station until Sunday 22nd September

 * ### If you are concerned or have information about someone carrying knives or are aware of anyone involved in knife crime you can report this by calling 101.

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team hosted a stall in Asda, Hatfield, as part of the national knife amnesty Op Sceptre, on Wednesday (18 September).

Between 11am and 1pm, officers were on hand to listen to local concerns and offer advice. They were joined by anti-social behaviour officer David Slater from Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council.

Officers brought with them a knife bin, allowing for knives to be disposed of safely and without prosecution.

Shoppers were also given the opportunity to sign up to the neighbourhood watch scheme which keeps you up to date with information about crime in your local area.

Sergeant Pauline Flanagan said: "Knife crime will not be tolerated in Welwyn Hatfield and we will continue to do all we can to help take knives off our streets and bring offenders to justice.

"Some people might feel pressured to carry a knife if they think it protects them however it simply puts you in more danger and if you are caught you could face up to four years in prison.

"If you do feel pressured to carry a knife, speak to someone you trust like a family member, teacher or a police officer to get support."

A knife bin will remain in Hatfield Police Station until Sunday 22 September. Knives can be disposed of anonymously and without fear of prosecution.

If you are worried about knife crime in your local area, call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999.

To sign up to neighbourhood watch, visit Owl.
