```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Stevenage Operation Scorpion and Safer Neighbourhood Teams executed a warrant at an address in Archer Road this morning (Thursday March 7) at around 7.30am.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2019
title: Drugs Warrant executed in Archer Road
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-warrant-executed-in-archer-road-2696E
```

* ### Drugs warrant executed in Stevenage.

 * ### Class A and B drugs and a Taser seized.

 * ### A 23 year old local man has been arrested.

Officers from the Stevenage Operation Scorpion and Safer Neighbourhood Teams executed a warrant at an address in Archer Road this morning (Thursday March 7) at around 7.30am.

Following numerous complaints from the local community, officers forced entry to the address and carried out an extensive search. A large quantity of suspected Class A and B drugs were seized, along with a taser weapon.

A 23 year old local man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs and possession of a firearm. He is currently in custody at Stevenage Police Station.

Commenting on this morning's operation, Detective Sergeant Fay Tooley said: "The warrant was part of our continued commitment to tackle those involved in the supply of drugs. We recognise the impact this activity has on the local community and will utilise a full range of policing tactics to target those we believe to be involved in criminal activity. We will continue to work with partners and the local community to gather intelligence and provide reassurance."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this or any other area please contact me on 101 or report online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form
