```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a racially aggravated GBH in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following racially aggravated GBH in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-racially-aggravated-gbh-in-hatfield-2469b
```

* ### A 47 year old man was assaulted in St Albans Road West on Monday, January 14.

 * ### The offender had also shouted racial abuse at the victim on Thursday, January 3.

 * ### Witnesses, or anyone with information, should contact Investigator Linda Bunton on 101 or at linda.bunton@herts.pnn.police.uk , quoting crime reference 41/5469/19.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a racially aggravated GBH in Hatfield.

Between 8.30pm and 9pm on Monday, January 14, the victim - a 47 year old man, was walking along St Albans Road West close to the junction with De Havilland Close, when a vehicle approached him from the direction of Comet Road.

The driver of the vehicle pulled over and assaulted the victim, leaving him with a cut to his head.

Just over a week before, the victim had encountered the offender in Cavendish Way. At around 1pm on Thursday, January 3, the victim crossed the road in front of the car of the offender. As the victim then walked towards the front of the Galleria, the offender followed and shouted racial abuse.

The offender is described as a white male, 6ft tall, aged around 35, of a skinny build and with short blond hair and stubble. On January 3, he was wearing white overalls. On January 14, he was wearing a grey hooded tracksuit and had a passenger in the vehicle with him. The offender's vehicle is described as a dark grey three-door Peugeot.

Investigator Linda Bunton from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a nasty attack resulting in the victim having to undergo hospital treatment.

"Racism will not be tolerated by Hertfordshire Constabulary and I am urging any witnesses to either incident to please get in touch. If you saw what happened, or you have other information that could assist the investigation, please get in contact via 101 or through email, quoting crime reference 41/5469/19."

You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
