```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "After experiencing overwhelming interest in our career insight evening earlier this week, we\u2019ve scheduled another for next month in order to meet demand."
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: Police officers of the future get an insight into the job
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officers-of-the-future-get-an-insight-into-the-job-1324
```

* ### Yes, we are recruiting police officers!

 * ### Almost 80 hopeful PCs signed up for our recruitment evening

 * ### February police officer insight event set

After experiencing overwhelming interest in our career insight evening earlier this week, we've scheduled another for next month in order to meet demand.

Some 79 hopefuls registered for Tuesday's (21 January) event at Hertfordshire Constabulary headquarters in Welwyn Garden City, which gave them the chance to learn if they've got what it takes to put on the uniform.

"We were delighted to have such an unprecedented number of people signing up for our police officer insight event to gain an understanding of policing our community and potential career development," said Supt Julie Wheatley, who leads the Constabulary's Workforce Development department.

"As we start this new decade, we're launching a recruitment drive in Hertfordshire, looking for our future workforce, one that reflects the communities we serve and protect."

We're looking for more police officers and volunteer police officers and are particularly keen to have candidates from under-represented backgrounds.

The force is committed to recruiting a workforce that reflects the communities we serve and protect. We provide advice and support to all candidates through regular advice sessions, as well mentoring to candidates from under-represented backgrounds through our 'positive action' scheme.

The next insight event is on Tuesday 18 February. Register for your place by emailing our Positive Action Team on _positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

If you're interested in a career in policing find out more at:

 * Police Officers - www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/police-officers
 * Special Constables - www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk
