```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Waltham Cross yesterday (Tuesday 8 September).
publish:
  date: 9 Sep 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-waltham-cross-0597k
```

* ## We are appealing for witnesses after a teenage boy was found with stab wounds in Waltham Cross yesterday (Tuesday 8 September).

 * ## He was found at the Pavilions Shopping Centre around 4pm. His injuries are not life threatening.

 * ## Call 101 quoting 41/72119/20 if you have information to assist the investigation.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Waltham Cross yesterday (Tuesday 8 September).

Police were called to the Pavilions Shopping Centre at 4pm after a teenage boy was found with suspected stab wounds.

Officers and the East of England Ambulance Service and Air Ambulance attended.

The victim, aged 15, was taken to hospital for treatment to leg and back wounds. He remains in hospital where his injuries are not believed to be life threatening or life changing.

Detective Sergeant Daniel Webb, of the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "Understandably news of this incident will be of concern to the community. We want to reassure the public that we are conducting extensive enquiries to find the person responsible and to establish the circumstances around what happened.

"If you witnessed this incident or saw anything suspicious in the area of the Pavilions Shopping Centre around 4pm please make contact with us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/72119/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
