```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Regular police officers, Special police officers, police staff and members of the public have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: "Police officers and staff praised at Chief Constable\u2019s Awards Ceremony"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-officers-and-staff-praised-at-chief-constables-awards-ceremony-md2559
```

Regular police officers, Special police officers, police staff and members of the public have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City **.**

His Honour Judge Michael Kay QC, was the Guest of Honour at the event on Tuesday, February 26 and presented the recipients with their awards.

The following police officers received their Long Service and Good Conduct medal:

 * Detective Constable Jennie Wilson, for **10 years ' service,** **based at Stevenage.** Jennie is aged 43 and lives in Baldock. Jennie joined the Constabulary in April 2008, initially working in Hatfield before moving to Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City. She is now currently based in Stevenage with the Local Crime Unit. Jennie also volunteers with the RAPPAW scheme, visiting and supporting victims of crime.
 * Police Constable Clare Hawkins, for **18 years ' service**, **based at Hatfield.** Clare lives in Stevenage. Clare joined the force in January 2001 and was posted to Intervention in Welwyn Hatfield. Clare started out as the response driver for Welwyn Hatfield and later moved to the Central Area Crime desk. After a few further moves within the force, Clare joined the Intelligence Unit in Hatfield where she is currently based.

Police Constable Clare Hawkins

The following Special officer received the Special Constabulary Long Service and Good Conduct award:

 * Special Sergeant Mark Brennan, for **9 years ' service**, **based at Watford.** Mark is aged 31 and lives in Leighton Buzzard. Mark began his career in South Oxhey and then moved to Abbotts Langley four years later. He is now a Special Sergeant at Watford Police Station. He said: "My seven-month-old daughter Erin is by far the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me. I hope when she gets older, I am still a Special and she will be proud of what I do. That will mean more to me than anything else."

Special Sergeant Mark Brennan

The following police constable and member of the public received the Chief Constable Commendation for Bravery Award:

 * Police Constable Joanna Witkiewicz, **who is based at Watford.**

On September 19, 2018, Joanna was off duty in **Stevenage**. On approaching a cycle path she heard a commotion and people shouting "Run, run, he has a knife. **"** She then saw three men arguing. Two of the men had large pieces of wood in their hands.

The third man was holding two weapons - a metal bar and a knife. The men holding the pieces of wood approached the third man, and fearing serious immediate harm Joanna declared herself a police officer and shouted at them to "drop the weapons."

The first two men manoeuvred and stood still behind Joanna. The third man began running towards them all waving their weapons. Joanna grabbed his t shirt and tackled him to the ground. After a struggle and violently kicking Joanna he managed to get up and run off.

Police received several calls in relation to this disturbance which additionally evidences the serious nature of what occurred. The third man was subsequently identified, arrested and charged with public order, affray and possession of a bladed article.

Police Constable Joanna Witkiewicz

 * Member of the public Clive Miles, **who is from Radlett.**

On November 7, 2018, two police constables were on duty in **Watford** when they responded to a report of a naked man walking along the A41. On being approached by the officers he became extremely violent, punching and kicking them. It was clear he was under the influence of drugs causing Acute Behavioural Disorder which can increase a person's physical strength and ability and reduce their pain threshold.

They managed somehow to take the man to the ground where he continued to be violent and aggressive. They were in a highly visible area and whilst some members of the public shouted and laughed as they walked by, this was not the case when Clive Miles saw what was occurring.

Clive was driving when he realised the officers were struggling with this violent drug induced man. He stopped so suddenly it caused a puncture to his car tyre on the kerb! He ran to the officer's aid and being an ex-police officer he instinctively knew what he could do to help. He lay his body across the suspect's legs to help prevent the man's continued kicking towards the officers.

Clive was a significant help in preventing further assault on the police officers and potential serious harm. He was injured himself from being kicked in his head but he never gave up helping. Once the man was restrained Clive was also taken to hospital for treatment.

Clive Miles

 * Annie-Laure Promonet, **who is from Watford**.

On July 22, 2017, Annie-Laure returned home to find a burglar trying to flee with her property. She instinctively grabbed the bag he was stealing and this resulted in a struggle between her and the man. Annie-Laure was thrown to the floor but did not let go, showing great courage.

She knew if she scratched the offender somehow she would secure his DNA. This was not an easy task, as during the struggle he picked up a glass bottle and hit her several times with the bottle on the back of her head.

She _still_ managed to recover her laptop from him and sit on it. She also, remarkably scratched his neck securing vital evidence. On top of all that, she went to great lengths to memorise his clothing. At this point he gave up and ran off.

On arrival, police were able to secure the DNA evidence which subsequently provided a match to the suspect.

He was located, arrested, charged and remanded by the courts, pleading guilty to burglary and assault at St Albans Crown Court. Annie-Laure was awarded £350 for her bravery.

The offender went on to admit another 18 dwelling burglaries in Hertfordshire, mostly in and around Watford. He received a seven and a half year sentence.

Annie-Laure Promonet

 * Lee Ascott, **who is from Harpenden.**

On August 21, 2018 PCSO Daniel Urquhart was called to an incident at the Maltings Shopping Centre in St Albans. On arrival a man informed him he had been the victim of an assault. The man smelt of cannabis and a member of the public handed the officer a bag that had been dropped by the man which clearly had a large quantity of cannabis inside it.

The man was asked by PCSO Urquhart to remain a there with him while he radioed for support. As he did this the man ran off in an attempt to escape.

The man was chased by the officer onto London Road then into Marlborough Road. At this point, Lee Ascott witnessed the chase. The man turned into an alleyway to continue his escape only to find Lee blocking his path with his arms wide and refusing to let the man get past him.

Although he was unaware what the man had done, or if he had any weapons on him, Lee wanted to assist the officer in detaining him. The man continued to try and escape and with no thought for his personal safety Lee grabbed the man and held onto him to prevent further escape.

He did so until PCSO Urqhart and two other police officers were able to arrest and secure the man. The man was subsequently cautioned with drugs possession.

Lee Ascott

 * Josh Lilley, **who is from Hatfield**.

On December 1, 2018 Police Constables Matthew Howell and Laura Frelford were on patrol in Cavendish Way, Hatfield when they saw a man being supported on the floor by a member of public - Josh Lilley.

The officers stopped to assist and as they did so were made aware on their radios that someone matching the man's description had recently tried to commit suicide from the Galleria, Hatfield.

The officers spoke with both Josh and the man to establish the circumstances and the man's welfare. Josh explained to the officers he had been out for a jog when he had spotted the man standing on a concrete wall of the over bridge to the A1(M).

He approached the man calmly to try and talk to him and as he did so the man stepped over the railings on top of the wall, in an effort to jump off and take his life.

In immediate response to this Josh, at great risk to himself, struggled with the man, taking him by the arm and managing to pull the man back over and down to safety.

Josh then restrained the man for his own safety whilst another member of the public called the police. As a result of the incident the man was seen by the mobile triage nurse and taken to hospital for further help with his mental health.

Josh Lilley

The following officers received a Chief Constable's Commendation award:

 * Inspector Ian Grout, **based at** **Watford** on Local Policing Command Operational Support Group. Ian is aged 50 and lives in Hemel Hempstead.
 * Police Constable Peter Lea, **based at Hertford** on Local Policing Command Investigation. Peter is aged 38 and lives in Biggleswade.
 * Detective Constable Christopher Dale, **based at Hatfield** on Local Policing Command Specialist Investigation Team. Christopher lives in Stevenage.

Operation Zetec was an operation to execute a warrant under the Firearms Act. The male subject of the operation had come to the attention of Counter Terrorism due to articles he had bought online. These included chemicals, hardware and tools to improvise a viable explosive device, mirroring the device used in the Manchester Arena attack.

The operation saw Operational Support Group officers, Authorised Firearms Officers, Police Search Teams and Local Policing Command support deployed as well as many staff from other agencies.

It was clear from the information and developing intelligence that the man had clear capability, equipment and intent. Due to the threat, harm and risk posed, this was a fast time policing operation.

The professionalism and resilience of the teams ensured a timely and safe arrest. The search recovered firearms, pre-cursor chemicals and items acquired to improvise an explosive device. Officers additionally recovered a recognised terrorism manual which proved to be a vital piece of evidence to enable the Crown Prosecution Service to support terrorism charges.

The man was charged with 13 offences under the Firearms Act, Explosive Substances Act and Misuse of Drugs Act and was convicted on all counts resulting in a 15 year prison sentence.
