```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CBurglaries have significantly increased in St Albans and we are working hard to catch those responsible,\u201D said St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick. \u201CWhilst we have high-visibility patrols, we also have a lot of police activity behind the scenes that residents will not be aware of.\""
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2018
title: We are tackling burglaries across the St Albans district
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/We-are-tackling-burglaries-across-the-StAlbans-district-1676F
```

* ### Extra police patrols following increase in burglaries in St Albans.

 * ### Report any suspicious behaviour on 101 - or 999 if a crime is in progress.

 * ### Invest in security measures and give your home the 'lived-in' look.

"Burglaries have significantly increased in St Albans and we are working hard to catch those responsible," said St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick. "Whilst we have high-visibility patrols, we also have a lot of police activity behind the scenes that residents will not be aware of. Because of the unusual increase, we have police officers working extra shifts across the St Albans district, including Bricket Wood and Park Street, which has been targeted in the last few weeks."

During the last two weeks, there has been 36 burglaries across the St Albans district, which is an increase of a third for an 'average' two week period. On Friday February 9, there were 11 burglaries across the St Albans district (which includes Harpenden, Redbourn, Wheathampstead, London Colney and Colney Heath) with five of those in Bricket Wood and Park Street. The number of burglaries has increased nationally and the St Albans district, in line with the rest of the county, is experiencing a slightly higher increase than other districts.

_Car keys, cash and jewellery was stolen from a burglary in Park Street Lane between 10.30am and 5.15pm on February 9 (F3/18/318)._

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in Birch Copse in Bricket Wood between 3.30pm and 9.45pm on February 10 (F3/18/336)._

_Damage was caused to a rear door in Stanley Gardens between 1pm on Wednesday February 7 and 4pm on Monday February 12. (F3/18/358)._

_A second address in Stanley Gardens was targeted where offenders caused damage to a patio door between 3.30pm on February 10 and 6pm on February 11. (F3/18/354)._

_A shovel was stolen from a shed in Puddingstone Drive between 10pm and 11pm on Tuesday February 20._

She said: "I do understand residents' concerns and we know there has been lots of frustrations voiced on social media sites. We have made a number of arrests and are proactively targeting people we believe may be involved. We also need the assistance of the community to work together to tackle this problem as we cannot be in every street 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We have had a number of calls from residents reporting suspicious behaviour retrospectively. Please call us straight away on 101 if you think someone is acting suspiciously, for example someone you don't recognise acting strangely around a neighbouring property or a vehicle, as it could help prevent further victims of crime. Call 999 if you believe a crime is in progress, may be about to be in progress or the offenders are still in the area. Please be vigilant, report any suspicious behaviour and look out for your neighbours."

She continued: "We are pleased that residents have taken on board crime prevention advice. I would always encourage residents to invest in additional security measures including house alarms, CCTV and web-based security cameras and doorbells, as well as making their premises as unattractive as possible for burglars, who want to commit their crimes unseen. Don't forget to securely lock PVCu doors and shut all windows when you go out or go to bed and give your home the 'lived-in' look. As jewellery has been targeted in some offences, I'd encourage residents to make sure they keep valuable or sentimental jewellery securely locked away and out of sight, especially when you go on holiday."

She added: "I want to reassure you that the St Albans district is a relatively low-crime area. When we are dealing with an increase in crime or anti-social behaviour occurs, we act quickly. If you have any information that will help prevent or detect crime, please contact us. Together we can reduce crime and make our communities safer."

The St Albans district is covered 24/7 by uniformed intervention teams who respond to 999 and many other non-emergency calls, plus dedicated Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) officers, including PCSOs and Specials, who are based in St Albans and Harpenden Police Stations. They are supported by detectives in our Local Crime Unit, who investigate a range of crimes including burglaries and robberies. These teams are in turn supported by specialist central departments that deal with the most serious crimes or where victims are particularly vulnerable.

To receive emails from Neighbourhood Watch about crimes in your local area, sign up to the Online Watch Link (OWL) or speak to one of your local officers.
