```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are re-appealing for information and witnesses following a serious road traffic collision involving a car and a pedestrian in Watford.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2018
title: Re-appeal following serious road traffic collision in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-following-serious-road-traffic-collision-in-watford-2178C
```

* ### Police are continuing to appeal for anyone who witnessed a serious collision in Oxhey Road, Watford, to make contact.

 * ### A woman pedestrian aged in her 80s was involved in a collision with a dark blue Fiat 500 on the evening of November 27.

 * ### It happened at the cross roads where Oxhey Road meets Eastbury Road and Deacons Hill.

 * ### Anyone who saw what happened is asked to contact Sgt Sam Cordingley via 101, quoting ISR 552 of November 27 or report information online.

Police are re-appealing for information and witnesses following a serious road traffic collision involving a car and a pedestrian in Watford.

Just before 5pm on Tuesday, November 27, a woman aged in her 80s from Watford was involved in a collision with a dark blue Fiat 500.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit have since established that the collision most likely occurred at the traffic lights on the crossroads where Oxhey Road meets Eastbury Road and Deacons Hill.

Sergeant Sam Cordingley said: "These roads are often busy, especially during rush hour, and I'm sure that there are a number of motorists who have not yet spoken to police and will be able to help us with our enquiries.

"The woman pedestrian is still seriously ill in hospital and we are keen to establish the exact circumstances surrounding the incident.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and may have information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, to get in touch as soon as possible.

"If you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please check your footage and share anything that may help us with our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sgt Cordingley via 101, quoting ISR 552 of November 27 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you'd rather provide information anonymously contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form.
