```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is today (Wednesday, April 10) launching a new campaign to recruit detective transferees.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: "Calling all detectives \u2013 Join our family, see more of yours"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/calling-all-detectives-0058
```

* ### The Constabulary has launched a campaign to recruit detective transferees.

 * ### A new website has been launched for people to find out more.

 * ### The website features several case studies from serving Herts detectives.

**_" Transferring to Herts has given me a better work-life balance whilst continuing my investigative career within safeguarding"_** _\- Detective Sergeant Owen Hurley, Sexual Offences Investigation Team._

Hertfordshire Constabulary is today (Wednesday, April 10) launching a new campaign to recruit detective transferees. It's part of a larger plan to recruit more officers into the force as we continue to grow in size.

If you're an experienced detective seeking fresh challenges or a better work-life balance, we've got the opportunity for you.

As part of the campaign, a new website has been launched for people to find out more about the benefits of working in Hertfordshire and register their interest.

It also features several case studies from serving detectives who have made the switch who talk about their experiences and the benefits of working for a smaller family friendly force.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "We have a great team of detectives but still need more. Our detectives work in a number of interesting and varied roles, from investigating local crime priorities to more specialist investigations, including protecting the vulnerable and cybercrime.

"Whether you're looking for a shorter commute or an opportunity to make a difference, we pride ourselves on ensuring you're more than just a number in Hertfordshire and there will always be someone on hand to offer guidance and support to help progress your career."

To find out more, or register your interest, visit www.hertspolicedetectives.co.uk
