```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following damage to a play area in Maple Cross.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2018
title: Damage to play area in Maple Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/damage-to-play-area-in-maplecross-1867
```

* ### The equipment at Hornhill recreation ground was damaged on two separate occasions.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

 * ### Three Rivers District Council is offering a £500 reward for information which leads to a conviction.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following damage to a play area in Maple Cross.

Between Wednesday, October 3 and Thursday, October 4 bolts were stolen from equipment at the Hornhill recreation ground, in Chalfont Road.

A similar incident is also reported to have occurred at the location on September 18.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Neil Canning said: "This type of behaviour is extremely dangerous and puts park users, particularly young children, at risk of serious injury. We have increased patrols in the area and I am appealing for anyone with information about who might be responsible to please come forward."

Three Rivers District Council is offering a £500 reward for any information which leads to a conviction.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Sergeant Canning via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/42917/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
