```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are hoping to trace a jogger who unknowingly disturbed a sexual assault in Ware on Friday evening.
publish:
  date: 21 Jun 2020
title: Appeal to trace jogger who disturbed sexual assault in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-jogger-who-disturbed-sexual-assault-in-ware-0244
```

* ### Were you jogging through Ware on Friday night?

 * ### We're appealing for witnesses and information after a woman was sexually assaulted

We are hoping to trace a jogger who unknowingly disturbed a sexual assault in Ware on Friday evening.

A woman was sexually assaulted in Poles Lane, near to the electricity sub-station under the A10 underpass, at around 7pm.

The victim had met the assailant earlier in the evening and they had walked to Poles Lane together.

When a middle-aged white man jogged by, disturbing the assault, the victim was able to walk away down Poles Lane towards Quincey Road. The offender, described as a black man, followed shortly afterwards in the same direction.

DS Georgina Fenge, who is investigating, said: "We're appealing for anyone who may have been in the area around the time of the assault to consider whether they saw anything suspicious. But in particular we would like to trace the jogger who unknowingly disturbed the incident."

The jogger, who was described as being a white middle-aged man with curly brown hair and wearing glasses, was dressed in Lycra shorts and a sports T-shirt. He ran up the steps onto Poles Lane and then ran past the offender and victim as they walked separately towards Quincey Road. The victim, a white woman in her 20s was wearing a grey tracksuit top and grey jogging bottoms.

"This was a very frightening ordeal for the victim and any information you have, no matter how insignificant it might seem, could be the key to helping us identifying and arresting the offender. If you were the jogger who ran past, please get in touch."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR278 of 20 June.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.
