```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Three Rivers Safer Neighbourhood Team carried out stop checks of vehicles in Northwood this morning (Wednesday) as part of pro-active policing.
publish:
  date: 18 Apr 2018
title: Vehicle checks carried out in Northwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Vehicle-checks-carried-out-in-Northwood
```

* ### Police carried out vehicle stop checks in Northwood.

 * ### Officers from Hertfordshire worked with colleagues from the Met Police to conduct the morning operation.

 * ### Its aim was to target criminals who travel across force borders to commit crimes.

 * ### 30 motorists were stopped and 800 vehicles were checked on the Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) police system.

Officers from the Three Rivers Safer Neighbourhood Team carried out stop checks of vehicles in Northwood this morning (Wednesday, April 18) as part of pro-active policing.

Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR*) technology was also used during the operation, which ran from 8am to 11am close to the town centre.

A total of 30 motorists were stopped and 800 vehicles were checked on the ANPR system.

Sergeant Tom Evans, from the Three Rivers Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I'd like to thank motorists for their patience during this morning's operation. I'm pleased to say that no suspected illegal activity was found and all vehicles stopped were found to be in order.

"This operation was carried out in partnership with officers from the Metropolitan Police to target those who travel across our borders to commit crimes.

"We carry out ANPR vehicle checks on a daily basis and will continue to conduct these type of stop check operations to identify and apprehend offenders travelling in Hertfordshire."
