```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two vehicles were seized, three drivers were reported for having no driving licence or insurance and a wanted man was arrested for assault in London during a multi-agency operation targeting commercial vehicles, scrap metal collectors and waste carriers.
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2019
title: Vehicles seized and drivers reported in Hertsmere during operation to keep our roads safer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vehicles-seized-and-drivers-reported-in-hertsmere-during-operation-to-keep-our-roads-safer-md2520
```

* **Two vehicles were seized, three drivers were reported for having no driving licence or insurance and a wanted man was arrested for assault in London during a multi-agency operation targeting commercial vehicles, scrap metal collectors and waste carriers.**
 * **The police-led operation, involved officers from the Borehamwood, Potters Bar and Bushey Safer Neighbourhood teams working with partners on the A41 in Bushey yesterday (Wednesday February 6).**
 * **Eighty-two vehicles were stopped during the operation. Three motorists were also told to reduce their loads and four drivers were dealt with by VOSA for using vehicles that were not roadworthy.**

Two vehicles were seized, three drivers were reported for having no driving licence or insurance and a wanted man was arrested for assault in London during a multi-agency operation targeting commercial vehicles, scrap metal collectors and waste carriers.

The police-led operation involved officers from the Borehamwood, Potters Bar and Bushey Safer Neighbourhood teams, Vehicle and operator Services Agency (VOSA), the Environment Agency, Trading Standards and Hertsmere Borough Council on the A41 in Bushey on Wednesday (February 6).

The three drivers reported will be fined or summonsed to court.

Eighty-two vehicles were stopped during the operation. Three motorists were also told to reduce their loads and four drivers were dealt with by VOSA for using vehicles that were not roadworthy, for example having a faulty brake light or tyre treads below the legal limit.

PC Dean Edwards, who co-ordinated the operation, said: "We run these operations regularly to help keep our roads safer and all the partner agencies worked well together to reduce fly-tipping and illegal waste carriers. It is worrying that drivers are using the roads without adequate insurance or MOTs and sometimes not even a driving licence. We seized one of the vehicles - a red flat-bed truck - as we discovered he had no MOT. He also had no driving licence, which made his insurance invalid. It has been scrapped today. He has also been reported and he will be summonsed to court for the traffic offences."

Waste Officer Hannah Wooldridge from the Environment Agency in Hertfordshire said:

"Working with partners such as the police helps us to run roadside operations, and the ability to share intelligence around non-compliant waste carriers. The Environment Agency wants to make sure businesses carrying waste have the proper authorisations to allow them to transport and transfer rubbish - a waste carrier's registration from the Environment Agency and waste transfer note from the waste producer.

"We also want to make it very clear to the general public that everyone has a duty of care to ensure their waste is managed and disposed of correctly by the people they give it to. If you use illegal waste carriers to take your rubbish you risk being fined up to £5,000."

Cllr Seamus Quilty, Hertsmere Borough Council's Portfolio Holder for Environment, added: "Officers from Hertsmere Borough Council took a proactive role in this operation, working alongside police colleagues and other key partners. It was an invaluable exercise in ensuring that the waste carriers that were stopped held the appropriate licences and were conducting their business in a safe, environmentally friendly and lawful way."

For more information, visit _www.hertsmere.gov.uk/flytipping_.

The next operation is planned for May or June in Potters Bar.
