```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Ware.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2020
title: Indecent exposure in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/indecent-exposure-in-ware-1002
```

* ### The incident occurred near the lido.

 * ### A man was seen to expose himself.

 * ### Officers are appealing for information.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an indecent exposure in Ware.

The incident occurred at the tennis court by the lido swimming pool, at around 9.10pm on Tuesday 1 December.

It was reported that a man was seen to pull his trousers down and expose himself. A search of the area was carried out by officers, but the man was not located.

He is described as a white male, wearing a dark coloured jumper and grey jogging bottoms.

PC Sabrina Di Trolio said: "Although the man reportedly appeared to cover himself back up when members of the public approached, he was still clearly visible. Behaviour such as this is very unpleasant to witness in a public place.

"We're keen to trace this individual and I am therefore appealing for anyone who may have witnessed a man acting suspiciously in the area to please contact police."

Anyone with information is asked to please email Sabrina Di Trolio.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/96801/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
