```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: London Colney is the latest area to be targeted by burglars overnight with seven offences, just days after addresses in Marshalwick and The Camp were burgled.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Report suspicious behaviour and check video cameras following burglaries in St Albans district
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/report-suspicious-behaviour-and-check-video-cameras-following-burglaries-in-st-albans-district-1064f
```

* ## London Colney is the latest area to be targeted by burglars overnight with seven offences.

 * ## Please call us straight away by calling 999 if you see anyone or any vehicles acting suspiciously and check your video cameras and CCTV.

 * ## Make sure you store valuable and sentimental jewellery in a non-obvious place, even in the kitchen.

London Colney is the latest area to be targeted by burglars overnight with seven offences, just days after addresses in Marshalwick and The Camp were burgled.

"Jewellery is still top of the list for burglars so please make sure you store valuable and sentimental jewellery in a non-obvious place. It's also worth taking photos of your jewellery and registering it \- the UK national property register, so you have more chance of being reunited with if it is stolen. It's also worth thinking of keeping Asian jewellery in banks or security boxes," said St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick.

"More importantly, **please call us straight away by calling 999** if you see anyone or any vehicles acting suspiciously - we would always rather turn up to a call with good intentions than miss the opportunity to catch a burglar in the act. Please could you also **check your video cameras and CCTV** to see if you have any footage that may be of interest to us. Also consider using timer lights as it is a quick and cheap deterrent."

She said: "Two black men were seen acting suspiciously on a driveway in Charmouth Road about 4.45pm on Wednesday 20 November, close to the scene of a burglary in Gurney Court Road that occurred between 12 midday and 5.50pm. If you find someone on your property who should not be there, please call us immediately on 999."

_Jewellery and cash were stolen from an address in St Annes Road, London Colney at 6.15pm last night (Wednesday November 20)._

_Loose change was stolen from an address in St Annes Road, London Colney at 6pm last night._

_An attempted burglary occurred in Collyer Road, London Colney at 6pm last night._

_A mobile phone was stolen from an address in Hardwick Place, London Colney at 6.55pm yesterday._

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in Mount View between 08.45am and just before 8pm last night._

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in Cotlandswick, London Colney, between 6.30pm and 8.15pm yesterday. _

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in Gurney Court Road, St Albans between 11.50am and 5.25pm yesterday. Two black men wearing black clothing were reported acting suspiciously in the area_

_An attempted burglary took place in Hollybush Lane, Harpenden around 2.30 pm yesterday. Men in balaclavas were seen at the rear of the premises._

DI Warwick said: "The burglaries tend to happen as it is getting dark. Please keep an eye out for people acting strangely and call us if you suspect a crime could be about to take place. Consider investing in CCTV and web cameras. We will continue with increased police patrols and there is covert work taking place. By working together, we can help put a stop to these burglaries."
