```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With LGBT+ History Month in full swing, Hertfordshire Constabulary has released a video message of support, reminding the LGBT+ community of the help available during lockdown.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2021
title: "LGBT+ History Month \u2013 Police support available during lockdown"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/lgbt-history-month-police-support-available-during-lockdown-1188
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary has released a video message reminding the LGBT+ community of the help available during lockdown

 * ### The constabulary is dedicated to ensuring that the county's LGBT+ community feel safe

 * ### The video features advice for those suffering domestic abuse

With LGBT+ History Month in full swing, Hertfordshire Constabulary has released a video message of support, reminding the LGBT+ community of the help available during lockdown.

The constabulary is dedicated to ensuring that the county's LGBT+ community feel safe and have the confidence to report matters to police.

Superintendent Clare Smith, from the Criminal Justice and Custody Command, is the constabulary's Strategic Lead for LGBT+ and features in the video. She said: "Usually during LGBT+ History Month, we would be meeting with the local community but of course that hasn't been possible this year.

"We're very conscious that lockdown is an isolating experience and likely exacerbating the struggles faced by those in the LGBT+ community. Help is there for you though. If you need non-urgent advice or support, you can ring 101 and request a message to be left with one of our specially-trained LGBT+ Liaison Officers asking them to contact you. They will treat you with the respect you deserve.

"We're particularly keen to reach out to those who might be suffering domestic abuse. In 2018, a report by the charity Stonewall found that more than 1 in 10 LGBT+ people had faced domestic abuse from a partner within the last year. If you are in immediate danger you should always call 999. If you feel you cannot speak, you can alert us silently by dialling 999 from a mobile phone and then pressing the '5' key twice. By reporting incidents to us, you can also choose to have the support of an LGBT+ Liaison Officer.

"If you don't feel comfortable speaking to police, you can get help from the Independent Domestic Abuse Advocacy service by calling 0300 790 6772, from 9am to 5pm Monday to Friday."

The video also features information about the constabulary's LGBT+ Network, a support group that champions equality and inclusiveness for the LGBT+ community. The support group provides assistance to staff and officers on all LGBT+ issues, whether they are personal or operational. They also play a pivotal role in building relations with the local LGBT+ community and regularly attend events such as Pride.

Supt Smith added: "LGBT+ History Month is a great opportunity to reflect on all the progress that has been made throughout the years but there is still a long way to go. Please be assured that we are with you all the way. Lockdown does not mean you have to be isolated from us. Help is a phone call away."

**Reporting hate crime**

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/hertsagainsthate.

**How to contact an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number **101**or by contacting us online. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via **999.** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

To contact an LGBT+ Officer in your local area for non-urgent advice ring **101** and ask to leave a message for them to contact you.
