```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a theft in ASDA, Ware have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-ware-2110A
```

* ### Between 3.45pm and 4pm on Monday, November 12, 20 ink cartridges were stolen from ASDA in Ware.

 * ### Police would like to speak to the man pictured as he may be able to help with their enquiries.

 * ### If you recognise him, or have information about the theft, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/55747/18.

Police investigating a theft in ASDA, Ware have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

Between 3.45pm and 4pm on Monday, November 12, an offender entered the supermarket and picked up 20 ink cartridges and a cushion before leaving the store and not paying for the goods.

Earlier in the day, the offender attempted to steal ink from Tesco in Ware but was disturbed by the security who spoke to the offender.

PCSO Jordan Critchley, who is investigating, said: "It's believed this man was in the area at time and could help us. If you recognise him, or have information about the theft, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/55747/18.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **

CCTV image
