```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have released an image of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries following interference with a vehicle in Northwood.
publish:
  date: 26 Apr 2018
title: Image released following vehicle interference in Northwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Image-released-following-vehicle-interference-in-Northwood-0119C
```

* ### It is believed that a laptop device was used to scan for a car key signal outside an address.

 * ### Police would like to speak with the person pictured as they may be able to assist with the investigation.

 * ### Drivers of keyless vehicles are advised to keep the fob as far away from the vehicle as possible.

Police have released an image of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries following interference with a vehicle in Northwood.

It is believed that a laptop device was used to scan for a car key signal outside an address, at around 11.20pm on Monday, April 9.

The owner of the vehicle was home at the time and became aware of what was happening. He knocked on the window and two people ran from the driveway.

Police would like to speak with the person pictured as they may have information which could assist with their enquiries.

Anyone who recognises him or has any other information is asked to contact PC Graeme Edwards on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C3/18/549. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**The Constabulary offers the following advice around keeping vehicle keys secure:**

 * Keys should always be kept in a safe and secure location, out of sight and away from windows or letterboxes, as sometimes vehicles are stolen after thieves managed to steal keys placed close to letter boxes or insecure windows and doors, enabling them to drive the vehicles away without having to break into them.
 * If your vehicle has a keyless entry system ensure you place the vehicle tablet key in your home address, as far away from the vehicle as possible, ideally place the key in a metal box.
 * Sometimes vehicles are stolen after thieves jam the remote door locking frequency by using specialist jamming equipment. They then enter the vehicle and clone a key from the On Board Diagnostic (OBD) port using specialist software. To help prevent this type of crime, consider fitting an 'OBD safe' device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's on board diagnostic port, in the vehicle cabin. This prevents criminals using software to code a key from the vehicle.

Image released following vehicle interference in Northwood
