```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two separate robberies in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2019
title: Witness appeal following two robberies in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-two-robberies-in-waltham-cross-0389k
```

* ### We are investigating two separate robberies in Waltham Cross and are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

 * ### In both incidents, the offenders robbed teenage boys of bicycles.

 * ### Any witnesses are asked to call 101, quoting _41/53969/19._

Officers investigating two separate robberies in Waltham Cross are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

The first incident took place at around 3.30pm on Friday (June 14), when two teenage boys went into a shop on High Street near the junction with Hedworth Avenue, leaving their bicycles outside the shop. The boys saw two offenders approach their bikes before they engaged in conversation with the pair.

The offenders then made threats to the boys and stole their bikes and rode off towards Theobalds Train Station before abandoning the bikes on the platform and boarding a train in the direction of London.

The first offender is described as a black teenage boy, aged around 16, of a slim build with spiky afro hair. He was wearing grey clothing. The second offender is described as a mixed race teenage boy, aged around 16 and also of slim build.

The second incident happened at around 4.30pm yesterday (Monday, June 17), when a teenage boy was walking home from school with a friend on Eleanor Cross Road, before they were approached by two men. They asked for the boy's bike and made threats to him.

The boy handed over his bike and the two offenders made off in the direction of Waltham Cross station.

The first offender is described as a chubby mixed race man and around 5ft 11in tall. He was wearing dark coloured shorts and a T-Shirt with a logo on it. The second offender is described as a mixed race man and around 5ft 10in tall.

Any witnesses to the incident, or anyone who saw the bikes being left on the train platform, can contact DC Claire Sprent by emailing, report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/53969/19._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
