```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary at a home in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Hitchin-1536G
```

* ### A home was burgled in Meadow Way Hitchin where a distinctive pearl bracelet was taken.

 * ### The bracelet is of great sentimental value to the victim.

 * ### Officers are releasing a picture of a matching ring, which was not taken during the burglary, to demonstrate the style of the jewellery.

 * ### Anyone who has seen the bracelet or been offered it for sale is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a burglary at a home in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 3pm and 6.20pm on Tuesday, January 16, offender(s) gained access to a home in Meadow Way by smashing the patio windows and once inside carried out an untidy search.

Cash and jewellery was taken from the property including a distinctive white pearl bracelet, which is of great sentimental value to the owner.

Detective Sergeant Hannah Treadwell said: "We're releasing pictures of the bracelet's matching ring, which was not stolen, to demonstrate the style of the jewellery and appeal for members of the public to get in touch if they've seen the bracelet or have been offered it for sale."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/187 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
