```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenage girl who targeted three 14-year-old girls in unprovoked attacks in St Albans last year was convicted on Wednesday (February 27).
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: Teenage girl convicted for assaulting three girls in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenage-girl-convicted-for-assaulting-three-girls-in-st-albans-2664
```

* ### A 15-year-old girl who attached three teenage girls in St Albans was given a 10-month youth referral order, as well as several fines

 * ### The court heard how she assaulted three girls, all aged 14, in three separate attacks in April and May last year

 * ### St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates said: "We will not tolerate violent assaults of any kind in St Albans."

A teenage girl who targeted three 14-year-old girls in unprovoked attacks in St Albans last year was convicted on Wednesday (February 27).

The 15-year-old offender from Redbourn was found guilty of two assaults - one in Westminster Lodge on April 2 and another in Park Street Lane on April 5. She pleaded guilty to a third assault, near McDonald's in Griffiths Way, on May 12.

Detective Constable Claire Mann, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "These were vicious attacks which left three young girls with visible injuries including chipped teeth, black eyes and bruising.

"Not only were they injured but they were understandably scared by these violent attacks. This unprovoked violence had a huge negative impact across the community in April and May last year."

The offender was given a 10-month youth referral order, ordered to pay two of the victims £50 and the third £100 as well as court costs of £620.

DC Mann said: "We worked closely with the parents of the victims and the schools at the time and were able to quickly identify the offender."

St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates said: "We will not tolerate violent assaults of any kind in St Albans. I hope this girl's conviction helps reassure the brave victims and their families.

"One of the parents of one of the victims has already been in contact to say they are pleased with the verdict, which makes our job worthwhile. We also want to encourage pupils to report any kind of assault to their teachers, who will contact us if the matter becomes more serious, as it did in this case."
