```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following three incidents of vehicle crime in Tring on Monday evening (January 28).
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following vehicle crime in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-vehicle-crime-in-Tring-2461
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following three incidents of vehicle crime in Tring on Monday evening (January 28).

The following incidents have occurred:

 * At around 9.15pm offenders attempted to break in to a van that was parked at The Anglers Retreat pub in Marsworth. (Crime reference 41/9547/19)
 * At around 9.20pm offender(s) attempted to break into a white van that was parked in Mill Gardens. The offender(s) were challenged and they made off in a silver Peugeot. (Crime reference 41/9264/19)
 * Just after 10pm it was reported that offenders had tried to force their way into a Citroen Berlingo van parked in Carrington Place. The offence could have happened any time before 6pm. Nothing was stolen. (Crime reference 859 of January 28)

A further offence that occurred between 6pm on Friday, January 25 and 7am on Monday, January 28 has also been reported to police. During this incident the lock on a white Transit van, which had been left parked in Brook Street, was damaged. The offender(s) did not gain entry to the van and nothing was stolen. (Crime reference 41/8972/19)

PC Lazarus Clark from the Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We are continuing to carry out enquiries into these offences including exploring CCTV footage and linking up with our neighbouring force Thames Valley Police regarding any similar incidents just across the border that may be linked to these Tring crimes.

"I would urge residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity around parked vans to police straight away. If you believe a crime is in progress always dial 999. If it is safe to do so please take a note of a description of the offenders and details of any vehicles, especially the registration and other details including make, model and colour.

"Where possible van owners should ensure that they remove any valuables and tools from their vehicle when leaving it overnight. If this is not possible please fit a tool safe and ensure it is secured with good quality locks.

"Please also make sure your tools are security marked. If you would like us to help you with this get in touch by emailing _RSNTBerkhamstedandTring@herts.pnn.police.uk_ _. "_

Further crime prevention advice is available on our website www.herts.police.uk/home.

Anyone with information about these incidents is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting the relevant crime reference or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
