```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary and Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service (HFRS) worked collaboratively to rescue a high-risk missing woman who had disappeared from her home address, as part of the new joint working agreement \u2018Operation Magnify\u2019."
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary and Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service work together to rescue a vulnerable high-risk missing person
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-and-hertfordshire-fire-and-rescue-service-work-together-to-rescue-a-vulnerable-high-risk-missing-person-1316
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary and Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service have a joint working agreement in place called 'Op Magnify'.

 * ### Op Magnify sees the police force and fire service working together and using shared resources when searching for high-risk missing people.

 * ### Thanks to Op Magnify, a vulnerable woman in her late 60s who went missing in December from her home in Shenley was found.

Hertfordshire Constabulary and Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service (HFRS) worked collaboratively to rescue a high-risk missing woman who had disappeared from her home address, as part of the new joint working agreement 'Operation Magnify'.

A vulnerable elderly woman, who has severe dementia, went missing from her home in Shenley on Monday 30 December 2019. Officers worked through the night, in very challenging conditions with dense fog, heavy vegetation and very poor lighting conditions, with the assistance of HFRS firefighters.

Thankfully, the woman was found at around 9.30am on Tuesday 31, having fallen in a ditch and sustaining several serious injuries. Thanks to the joint efforts of both the officers and fire and rescue team, she was found and taken to hospital.

She is now recovering at home with her family.

Her daughter said: "The emergency services response was absolutely amazing. I still cannot believe you managed to find her and that you persevered despite the weather and the darkness, I honestly don't think we would have found her without your help."

Operation Magnify is the name of the agreement that was formed between the police force and fire service last year, which sees them pooling their resources and services when searching for high-risk missing people. Thanks to this sharing of resources, officers were able to utilise the fire service's drone and police thermal heat equipment in the search for the missing woman.

Every year, we receive countless calls relating to incidents where there is concern regarding the safety or welfare of an individual, particularly where they have gone missing and are vulnerable - in 2018 a total of 5,235 people were reported missing across Hertfordshire, and 708 of these were considered to be high risk.

With the Constabulary and the Fire and Rescue Service working together, there will be an improved quality of services, and more cost-effective use of combined resources. HFRS personnel are specially trained in search techniques to locate people who may have become trapped or lost inside a building, and water based searching. They have access to specialist equipment, command vehicles, thermal imaging, a water rescue team and a rope access team.

Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe, who leads the Hertfordshire Constabulary Police Search team, said: "Firstly, I'd like to say thank you for all the public support we received, with over 100 people joining the police search effort. Whether you physically assisted in the search for her, or shared our social media appeals, we are very grateful for all of your help - as is the victim and her family.

"The success of this operation speaks for itself - without the assistance of the Herts Fire and Rescue team, we wouldn't have been able to rescue this lady as efficiently as we did. It truly was a joint effort. Without this collaborative working style, I have no doubt that without the assistance of our HFRS personnel that finding her would have been delayed significantly, to the cost of her health."

David Williams, Leader of Hertfordshire County Council, said: "Firstly, I am relieved to hear that the missing woman is now back safely with her family and recovering well. It's terrific to see our firefighters working with police colleagues in a new way, sharing resources to help keep Hertfordshire residents safe."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "I am glad this vulnerable lady was located and I hope her recovery is progressing well. This early success is a perfect example of how the skills and equipment of our emergency services can be brought together for improved public safety. As the police and fire and rescue service collaborate more during searches I am sure many more lives will be saved in the future."

Chief Superintendent Geoffrey Camp said: "It can be an extremely distressing experience when someone goes missing, however it is important to take immediate action, especially if you have reason to believe that the person could be in danger. If someone is missing and you are concerned, report them as missing to us via 101. If a child, vulnerable person or someone who may be at risk of coming to harm goes missing you should contact us immediately by calling 999. You do not have to wait 24 hours before reporting a person as missing."

For further information on what to do if someone close to you is missing, please visit our website.
