```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man from Bushey was jailed on Friday (1 March) for seven years after breaking his partner\u2019s jaw in a drunken assault."
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2019
title: Bushey man jailed for assault on partner
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bushey-man-jailed-for-assault-on-partner-2675j
```

* ### 34-year-old man from Bushey jailed for seven years for domestic abuse assault.

 * ### Dean Simmons broke his victim's jaw in two places.

 * ### Help and support is available to anyone in Hertfordshire affected by domestic abuse (see below).

A man from Bushey was jailed on Friday (1 March) for seven years after breaking his partner's jaw in a drunken assault.

Dean Simmons, aged 34, threw her to the floor, tried to strangle her and punched her in the face. Her jaw was broken in two places and she suffered multiple cuts and bruises. Her right ear was partially torn off. He also broke one of her fingers while prizing her phone out of her hand so he could check its contents.

The incident occurred at their home address in Chalk Hill at around 5am on Saturday 16 June 2018. The victim was found in the street outside by members of the public. Simmons had fled the scene but was found nearby cowering behind a bin outside a shop by an off duty Special Constable, who also came to help.

The matter was investigated by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU). Simmons was found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent at St Albans Crown Court and on Friday sentenced to seven years in custody.

Detective Sergeant Gordon King from the DAISU said: "Simmons started off being drunk and aggressive towards his victim on the night. This spiralled into a sustained attack on her that was vicious and cruel, and left her with lasting nerve damage.

"I would like to commend her for her courage and bravery, not only on the night of the attack but throughout the investigation and court case. I hope the jailing of Simmons brings her some comfort. This case shows we take domestic abuse very seriously and the horrific abuse displayed by Simmons will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire.

"I would also like to thank Oliver Ransom - a member of the public who came to the aid of the victim before officers arrived. He was a real comfort to the woman following this traumatic incident."

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website www.HertsSunflower.org. In an emergency situation, always call 999.

Dean Simmons
