```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team will be holding a bike marking event next month.
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2018
title: Bike marking event in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Bike-marking-event-in-Croxley-Green-1500C
```

* ### The free event will take place on Saturday, February 3.

 * ### Bikes that have been security marked are less attractive to thieves.

 * ### Officers will also be giving crime prevention advice.

The Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team will be holding a bike marking event next month.

Between 10am and 2pm on Saturday, February 3 members of the public will be able to bring their bikes along to the parish council offices on Community Way and have them security marked for free.

Officers will be offering crime prevention advice and giving people the opportunity to make their bikes safer by security marking them and entering them on the Immobilise database.* They will also educate cyclists about riding their bikes safely and making them aware of where they are not permitted to ride them.

PCSO Daisy Jenkins said: "Security marking your bike makes it safer as it not only helps police to reunite lost or stolen items with the owners, but also acts as a deterrent to thieves as bikes that are clearly security marked are far less attractive to criminals."

There are some other very simple things you can do to deter opportunist thieves from stealing your bike:

* Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into a shop.

* The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.

* Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.

* If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.

* If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.

* Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike.

* Register your bike free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.
