```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "As our latest new recruits embark on their training, PC Daniel Prisecaru wears a very special warrant number with pride \u2013 he\u2019s our 2,001st police officer."
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2019
title: New police recruit wears number 2001 with pride
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-police-recruit-wears-number-2001-with-pride-542
```

* ### The force's police numbers have topped 2,000 for the first time since 2011.

 * ### The Constabulary is committed to recruiting a workforce that reflects the communities we serve and protect.

 * ### New recruit says: ""I am so proud to be training as a police constable for Hertfordshire Constabulary."

As our latest new recruits embark on their training, PC Daniel Prisecaru wears a very special warrant number with pride - he's our 2,001st police officer.

To mark Hertfordshire Constabulary's police officer numbers topping 2,000 for the first time since 2011, Daniel, 35, who started training last week, has been given collar number 2001.

"I am so proud to be training as a police constable for Hertfordshire Constabulary, it is the job I have always dreamt of," said Romanian-born Daniel, a father of three.

"I was brilliantly supported during the application process, as English is my second language. The mentoring I received from the Positive Action team helped me a huge amount. I would encourage anyone from a different background to consider applying for a job in the force."

On Friday 26 July, Hertfordshire's Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd visited Letchworth Police Station to meet Daniel and 28 other trainees.

"Meeting our new recruits at the start of their journey with the force is always a genuine pleasure," said Chief Constable Hall. "Daniel has been incredibly hardworking, dedicated and committed to becoming a police officer so I am thrilled he has the warrant number 2001."

Mr Lloyd said: "I am delighted to welcome Daniel to the Constabulary, I wish him all the best for his training and look forward to seeing him and his fellow trainees graduate in the autumn.

"Hertfordshire residents have told me that they want to pay for more officers on the streets, and that is what they are getting.

"The Council Tax precept was increased by £24 a year for the average Band D home. This was used to fund an extra 75 officers this year. I have ensured that our county has maintained a neighbourhood policing model, with local police stations in every district.

"Here in Hertfordshire we have not seen the reduction in police numbers that some other forces have. Since I have taken office in 2012 they have remained broadly the same.

"But we have seen an increase in demand and more complex crimes being reported so it is right to ensure as much of the budget as possible is spent on front line officers."

If you are interested in following in Daniel's footsteps and finding out more about joining our policing family, visit our recruitment page here.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to recruiting a workforce that reflects the communities we serve and protect. We provide advice and support, including mentoring, to candidates from under-represented backgrounds through our 'positive action' scheme.

If you think you'd benefit from positive action support through your recruitment journey, you can email _positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk_ to find out more.
