```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a theft from a shop in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 9 May 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following theft from shop \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-from-shop-Bishops-stortford-0189A
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a theft in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### It happened at the Three mobile phone shop in Potter Street between 1pm and 1.25pm on Monday, April 30.

 * ### If you know the person pictured, please call 101 quoting crime reference A2/18/801.

Officers investigating a theft from a shop in Bishop's Stortford have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened at the Three mobile phone shop in Potter Street between 1pm and 1.25pm on Monday, April 30.

A member of staff was discussing a phone with the offender and while preparing to sell it, left the phone and the box on the counter.

The offender took both the phone - an iPhone 8 Plus - and the box before leaving the store without making any attempt to pay.

PCSO Tea Prow, from the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Do you recognise this man? We believe he may have information that could help further progress our investigation.

"If you know him, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number A2/18/801."

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
