```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four men were sentenced to a collective total of 12 years and 8 months in prison after two men were viciously attacked in Watford town centre.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2020
title: "Four sentenced after pleading guilty to GBH \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-sentenced-after-pleading-guilty-to-gbh-watford-1036
```

* ### Four men jailed for more than 12 years

 * ### They were jailed for a violent attack in Watford town centre

 * ### All four appeared at St Albans Crown Court 17 December.

Four men were sentenced to a collective total of 12 years and 8 months in prison after two men were viciously attacked in Watford town centre.

**Alexandru Hriscu** , aged 22, of Wells Drive, Kingsbury, London, pleaded guilty to Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH) and was sentenced to seven years and four months.

**William Foe** , aged 26, of The Meads in Edgware, pleaded guilty to Section 20 GBH and was sentenced to two years in prison.

**Mehdi Haili** , aged 23, of Cressingham Road in Edgware, pleaded guilty to Section 20 GBH and was sentenced to 22 months.

**Achim Lassy** , aged 20, of Stanborough Road in Borehamwood, pleaded guilty to Section 20 GBH and was handed a 20-month sentence.

All four appeared before St Albans Crown Court for sentencing on Thursday 17 December.

The court heard how in the early hours of Tuesday 30 April 2019, the two male victims - both aged 29 at the time of the incident - got into a disagreement with Hriscu as they left Pryzm nightclub on The Parade.

The victims attempted to leave the area and began walking down the High Street when they were again confronted by an agitated Hriscu. A trained martial artist and black belt in Taekwondo, Hriscu launched the attack by assaulting one of the victims with a flying kick before going on to punch and slap them.

Soon after the three further defendants joined in, each throwing several punches towards both victims. The group then continued to violently assault both victims, who had been knocked to the ground, by kicking and stamping on their heads as they lay helpless.

Several peacemakers intervened and were helped by a security guard before police officers arrived and detained all four defendants.

Detective Constable Lewis Mortimer, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a shocking, sustained and unprovoked attack which has left both victims with lasting injuries that they are still suffering the effects of today.

"The first victim suffered a broken arm during the assault and has endured a number of surgical procedures to stabilise his wrist joint, but he continues to experience on-going pain.

"The second victim suffered a facial fracture which also required surgery, and he too is living with on-going symptoms. Both men were simply enjoying a night out when they had the misfortune to come across the four defendants, who seemed to be spoiling for a fight.

"What they did was truly appalling and throughout the attack they showed absolutely no concern for the victims, even when they lay helpless on the ground.

"Prior to the assault, none of the defendants had any previous criminal convictions but their decisions on that night will now have a lasting effect not only on their victims' lives, but their own, and that of their families. I hope they use their prison terms to find remorse and reflect on the seriousness of what they did."

Achim Lassy

Alexandru Hriscu

Mehdi Haili

William Foe
