```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford, where some jewellery was stolen, have released an image of people they would like to speak to, as they may have information that could assist with their investigation.
publish:
  date: 2 Apr 2020
title: Appeal following a burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-burglary-in-watford-1513c
```

* ## Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are asking for potential witness to come forward.

 * ## The incident happened on the 23/2 on Hempstead Road.

 * ## Anyone who knows that knows any information are encouraged to contact 101, quoting 41/11075/20.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford, where some jewellery was stolen, have released an image of people they would like to speak to, as they may have information that could assist with their investigation.

The incident happened at 7.56pm on Friday 28 February in Hempstead Road.

The suspects broke into the address via the front door where they ransacked the property while the occupants out for the evening.

The offenders made off in a silver car with a 24CT gold bangle with small patterns on it as well as a necklace worth hundreds of pounds.

Detective Constable Hannah Curnow, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We understand that news like this can be concerning for the local community but please be assured that we're doing everything we can to catch those responsible.

"Please get in touch if you have any information that could help with our investigation, no matter small."

Anyone who recognises this person is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/11075/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
