```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault in Berkhamsted are appealing for a woman who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Berkhamsted
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-Berkhamsted
```

* ### Officers would like to speak to a woman who may have witnessed an alleged assault in Berkhamsted.

 * ### A man aged in his 30s was reportedly hit over the head with a glass bottle in Butts Meadow on the afternoon of Friday, April 13.

 * ### The woman may have key information that could help the investigation.

Officers investigating an alleged assault in Berkhamsted are appealing for a woman who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.

At around 3.30pm on Friday, April 13, a man, aged in his 30s, was reportedly hit over the head with a glass bottle. The incident is alleged to have occurred in Butts Meadow on the footpath behind the Victoria Church of England School.

Detective Constable Katie Stevens, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries have revealed that there may have been a lady in the area who witnessed the alleged assault and has not yet spoken to officers.

"This person may have key information that can assist our investigation so I am appealing for her to make contact with me by emailing katherine.stevens@herts.pnn.police.uk. Alternatively call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference D2/18/378 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"I would also like to hear from anyone else who believes they have information that may assist out enquiries."

 * A 14 year old boy from Hemel Hempstead has been charged with wounding and is due to appear at St Albans Magistrates Court on May 20.
