```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a distinctive necklace that was stolen.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2019
title: "Distinctive necklace stolen during burglary \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/distinctive-necklace-stolen-during-burglary-watford-2463
```

* ### Do you recognise this distinctive necklace that was stolen during a burglary in Watford

 * ### It happened in Ellwood Gardens between 6pm and 8.30pm on Friday, January 18

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information should call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/6024/19

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a distinctive necklace that was stolen.

It happened in Ellwood Gardens between 6pm and 8.30pm on Friday, January 18.

Offender(s) gained entry to the rear garden before smashing a patio door and searching the property.

They stole clothing and a men's watch as well as the distinctive gold necklace.

Detective Sergeant, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are keen to speak to anyone who saw suspicious activity in the area around the time of the incident. We would also like to hear from anyone who may have been offered a watch or necklace for sale."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DS Cox on _helen.cox@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/6024/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
