```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four teenagers have been arrested in connection with a robbery that occurred in Watford on Thursday 7 November.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2019
title: Four teenagers arrested following a robbery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-teenagers-arrested-following-a-robbery-in-watford-0999
```

* ### Four arrests following a robbery

 * ### Victim uninjured after being sprayed in the face

 * ### Police appeal for information

Four teenagers have been arrested in connection with a robbery that occurred in Watford on Thursday 7 November.

They are three 15 year old girls and one 14 year old girl, all from the London area.

Detectives from the Watford Local Crime Unit are investigating the incident which happened in Pinner Road, outside Bushey railway station, just before 3.45pm.

The victim, a 16 year old girl, was approached by a group of teenagers and one of them allegedly grabbed her arm before throwing a liquid in her face - later determined to be aloe vera water - and stealing her iPhone 8. The offenders then left the scene.

Officers immediately attended and once it was established the victim was uninjured, she was taken to Watford police station to make a statement.

After fast-time CCTV enquiries were conducted, four suspects were arrested in the Watford High Street area a short time later before being taken to custody.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, who leads the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "This has been an understandably frightening ordeal for the victim, who is thankfully not physically harmed.

"I want to reassure her and her family that we are doing all we can to investigate this incident and I am pleased we have been able to make four arrests.

"I also want to stress to the community that we take these types of reports very seriously and we will do all we can to bring those responsible to justice.

"We have already spoken to a number of people as part of our enquiries however we are keen to identify any other witnesses who saw what happened. The incident occurred on a busy road where lots of motorists and pedestrians would have been passing by.

"If you have any information that you feel would assist us, then please get in touch. In particular, if you were driving along Pinner Road at the time of the incident and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, we would very much like to hear from you."

All four teenage girls have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

If you have any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/100848/19**.

You can email DI Finnegan on _jason.finnegan@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
