```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "After a thirteen month enquiry, those charged in connection with the violent disorder that happened in Welwyn Garden City\u2019s town centre on September 24, 2016, were convicted at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday, November 13."
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2017
title: Eleven people plead guilty to night of violent disorder in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/eleven-people-plead-guilty-night-violent-disorder-welwyn-garden-city-1164
```

* ### Those charged in connection with the disorder were convicted at Luton Crown Court

 * ### Nine pleaded guilty to violent disorder

 * ### Two pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit robbery

After a thirteen month enquiry, those charged in connection with the violent disorder that happened in Welwyn Garden City's town centre on September 24, 2016, were convicted at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday, November 13.

Following the disorder that night, Welwyn Hatfield's Local Crime Unit launched Operation Hade to find those responsible and tackle the on-going anti-social behaviour, disorder and associated crime experienced in parts of Welwyn Garden City.

Extensive enquiries led to the arrest and charge of 12 individuals, and three weeks into the trial, 11 of those pleaded guilty.

Nine pleaded guilty to Violent Disorder. They include:

 * 18-year-old Jordan Bellamy-Pressley, from Mountway Welwyn Garden City.
 * 18-year-old Owen McColm, from Sandpit Road, Welwyn Garden City.
 * 22-year-old Matthew Wall from Homestead Lane Welwyn Garden City
 * 18-year-old Billy Doherty, from Welwyn Garden City, and currently residing at HMP Bedford.
 * A 16-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Hatfield.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City.
 * A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City.
 * A 16-year-old from Welwyn Garden City.

Two pleaded guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Robbery at St Albans Crown Court in June. They include:

 * 18-year-old Alex Bakewell from Peartree Lane Welwyn Garden City
 * A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City.

An 18-year-old from Welwyn Garden City, who had been arrested and charged on suspicion of Violent Disorder, will have no further action taken against him as no further evidence was offered.

All of those who pleaded guilty were released on conditional bail, apart from Billy Doherty.

They will now all be sentenced at Luton Crown Court on December 8.

**Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who leads Welwyn Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit, said**:

"Hertfordshire Constabulary will not tolerate unacceptable, disorderly behaviour and associated criminality and will come down hard on those we believe to be responsible as we have with Operation Hade.

"After a great deal of diligence and hard work undertaken by my officers, I am very pleased with these convictions and we will now await the outcome of the sentencing."

**DI Hazeldine added:** "Through our own investigations and information from the public, we can work together to keep Welwyn Hatfield safe and I would therefore strongly encourage people to always report suspicious activity and ASB to us should they come across it.

"Crime or suspicious activity can be reported to us via the police non-emergency number **101** or dial **999** if you witness an offence in progress. Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**."
