```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re ending 2019 with 17 more police officers pounding the streets of Hertfordshire ahead of a planned push to recruit more police officers in the New Year."
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2019
title: What a gift! Seventeen new PCs join the force in time for Christmas
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/what-a-gift-seventeen-new-pcs-join-the-force-in-time-for-christmas-1146
```

* ### Seventeen new police officers welcomed to Herts

 * ### We're recruiting even more in 2020

 * ### Interested? Register for our January insight event

We're ending 2019 with 17 more police officers pounding the streets of Hertfordshire ahead of a planned push to recruit more police officers in the New Year.

Our newest PCs - nine women and eight men, including a former recruitment consultant, beautician and three former Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) - graduated last Friday 13 December, paraded in front of their families and senior officers, including their new chief inspectors at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

The new recruits completed a 16-week training course at Letchworth Police Station which includes a mixture of classroom-based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

The officers have now started shifts at local stations across the county, putting into practice all they learned, with two PCs based in Cheshunt; Hemel Hempstead; St Albans; Stevenage; Three Rivers; and Watford; and one each in Bishop's Stortford; Borehamwood; Dacorum; East Herts; and Welwyn Hatfield.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "What a great way to end the year, welcoming 17 new police constables to our policing family. I have no doubt that these officers will play a vital role in policing across the county."

He continued: "Our priority for 2020 is to recruit more police officers. We are particularly reaching out to our diverse communities, to under-represented groups, because we want the Constabulary's workforce to reflect the communities we serve and protect."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Assistant Commissioner Stuart Nagler told the officers: "It is an honour to welcome you to Hertfordshire. You are part of the extra 75 officers being recruited this year who have been paid for by the £2-a-month council tax rise.

"We police by consent in this country, and out on the streets you will have challenges every day. Members of the public can be very demanding, you need to remain strong, civil and firm while also showing compassion and understanding.

"Hertfordshire is one of the safest areas of the country, but there are dangers out there which you will be called on to protect the public from and I wish you the best in your careers."

If you're interested in a career in policing register to come along to our insight evening on Tuesday 21 January at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City to find out more. Register for your place by emailing _positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

The force provides advice and support to all candidates, including mentoring to hopefuls from under-represented backgrounds through our 'Positive Action' scheme.

If you think you'd benefit from positive action support through your police officer recruitment journey, you can email _positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk_ to find out more.

We are also looking for volunteer police officers - Special Constables. If you're interested register your interest at www.herts.police.uk/Apply/Work-for-us/Special-constables/Register-your-interest
