```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2020
title: Appeal following assault in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-letchworth-1431
```

* ### On Friday 7 February, a man was assaulted while walking along Dunham's Lane.

 * ### The two suspects fled the scene before police arrival.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Letchworth.

On Friday 7 February, at around 4.30pm, the victim was walking along Dunham's Lane when he was approached by two men. They then verbally abused the victim, before physically assaulting him.

He sustained slight injuries.

The offenders have been described as two men, one of which was wearing blue jeans and a jumper with a hoodie, and the other was said to be wearing a hoodie and jogging bottoms.

They fled the scene before police arrival, leaving in the direction of the Recreation Ground.

PC Joe Massey, who is investigating, said: "This was a totally unprovoked attack, which has understandably left the victim shaken up and distressed. We are carrying out extensive enquiries in an effort to identify those responsible.

"If you were in the area around the time specified, and believe you may have witnessed the incident taking place or that you saw two males matching the description behaving suspiciously, please get in touch with us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Massey directly via email at joe.massey2@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/12910/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Letchworth using echo. Go and have your say.
