```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who admitted sexually assaulting two females who were walking along the Nickey Line in Hemel Hempstead has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2019
title: Man jailed for committing sexual assaults in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-committing-sexual-assaults-in-Hemel-Hempstead-0145
```

* ### A man who attacked females walking along Hemel Hempstead's Nickey Line has been jailed

 * ### Joseph Webb admitted sexually assaulting two victims - a schoolgirl and a woman aged in her 20s

 * ### He has been jailed for almost seven years

 * ### The investigating officer has commended the bravery shown by the victims throughout the criminal process

A man who admitted sexually assaulting two females who were walking along the Nickey Line in Hemel Hempstead has been jailed.

Joseph Webb, aged 25, of Everest Way, Hemel Hempstead, pleaded guilty at Luton Crown Court on April 1, 2019 to the following offences:

 * Sexual assault on June 5, 2017
 * Sexual assault on June 19, 2017

Yesterday (Monday, April 29) at Luton Crown Court, Webb was jailed for six years and nine months and, when he is released from prison, he must spend a further four years on extended licence.

He will not be able to apply for parole until he has served at least two thirds of his custodial sentence.

Webb will also be subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO), restraining orders are in place for the victims and he will remain on the sex offenders register indefinitely.

Detective Constable Sophia Latif, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team (SOIT), said: "Webb preyed on females who were walking along this well-known cut through.

"One of his victims was just 13 years old and was wearing her school uniform at the time of the offence. This means there is no doubt that Webb would have known he was targeting a child for his own sexual gratification, which makes his behaviour even more abhorrent. He also told her that he had a knife and in the other attack on a woman, aged in her 20s, he threatened her.

"During interviews Webb made no admissions and was unable to confirm his whereabouts at the time of the offences. On June 19, he claimed he was at home alone sunbathing however, CCTV footage proved this was not true.

"Although Webb entered guilty pleas before a trial date was set, he had many more opportunities before this to express his guilt. I am pleased that the victims did not have to go through the further trauma of a court trial.

"I would like to take this opportunity to commend the victims in this case for their bravery throughout the police investigation and court process. I hope that knowing Webb is now behind bars will help them to move on with their lives.

 * Advice and support for adults affected by sexual assault or rape is available by contacting Herts SARC (Sexual Assault Referral Centre) on 0808 178 4448 or www.hertssarc.org or Herts Rape Crisis on 01707 276512.

Further information is also available here.
