```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With the New Year almost upon us, and resolutions being made, Hertfordshire Constabulary is asking if you could be extra-ordinary and consider becoming a Special Constable in 2018.
publish:
  date: 28 Dec 2017
title: Could you be extra-ordinary in 2018?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Could-you-be-extra-ordinary-in-2018-1379
```

* ### We are recruiting for Special Constables

 * ### Could you do something Special in 2018 and become a volunteer police officer?

 * ### Can you give up 16 hours per month of your free time?

With the New Year almost upon us, and resolutions being made, Hertfordshire Constabulary is asking if you could be extra-ordinary and consider becoming a Special Constable in 2018.

You may be happy in your current career, but want a new challenge, or you may be looking to volunteer to help your local community. Either way, make a New Year resolution with a difference and join a strong team of over 240 Special Constables who help keep the county's residents safe.

 The role of a volunteer police officer (Special Constable) is both rewarding and exciting, and also provides the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills - all through dedicating at least 16 hours per month.

 **Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables and is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

 Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary, to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the investigation of child sexual exploitation, domestic abuse and prisoner processing. Special Constables with specialist IT knowledge also work alongside police officers and staff who manage registered sex offenders.

 Those with an interest or expertise in the countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

 Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

 **Special Constabulary Chief Officer, Mark Kendrew, said:** "The opportunity to gain experience in specialist departments, at hours and dates to suit you, is uniquely available to Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary. Our Special Constables tell us that they find the role gives them experiences they would never have if they didn't volunteer in this way, and provides them with a whole host of new skills. I'd encourage anyone interested to take a look on our dedicated website to find out more."

 **David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said:** "Specials play a vital role in keeping the county safe and I am keen to welcome as many as possible into the Force.

 "In my Community Safety and Criminal justice plan for Hertfordshire I outline how I am aiming for more people, like the Special Constables, to get involved and to play their part in helping to keep crime low in the county. I would therefore encourage anyone looking for a new challenge in 2018 to consider becoming a Special Constable."

 If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk.
