```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Cuffley.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in Cuffley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Cuffley-2375MD
```

* ### Police were called at 8.09pm on Tuesday, January 8, to reports of a man who had gained access to a house in Homewood Avenue.

 * ### The man then left the house after being challenged by an occupant.

 * ### Officers attended the scene and searched the area but the man was not located.

 * ### Witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Kylie Davies on 101 or via email at _kylie.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/2337/19

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Cuffley.

Police were called at 8.09pm on Tuesday, January 8, to reports of a man who had gained access to a house in Homewood Avenue after damaging a rear door.

The man then left the house after being challenged by an occupant. Nothing was taken from the property.

Officers attended the scene and searched the area but the man was not located.

The offender is described as white, aged in his twenties or thirties, of a thin build, approximately 5ft 8in tall with blue eyes and a local accent. He was wearing a black balaclava and dressed in dark clothing.

Detective Constable Kylie Davies, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened, or suspicious activity in the area, to get in touch with me. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation.

"If you can help, please get in contact on the non-emergency number 101 or via email at _kylie.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/2337/19."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
