```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized during a warrant in Ware yesterday (Tuesday 1 December).
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Four arrested following warrant in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrested-following-warrant-in-ware-0943
```

* ### The warrant was carried out at an address in Cozens Road.

 * ### Suspected heroin and cocaine were seized.

 * ### Four people have been arrested and remain under investigation.

Four people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized during a warrant in Ware yesterday (Tuesday 1 December).

Officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team carried out the operation at an address in Cozens Road, with assistance from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit.

Following a search of the property, a significant quantity of suspected cocaine and heroin were located.

Four people were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and taken into police custody. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Tom Prior said: "We had received numerous calls about this particular address and have been working hard behind the scenes to address the situation.

"Drugs and associated criminality can have a real impact on local communities, causing residents to live in fear, which is simply unacceptable.

"I hope this action reassures people that we are listening to their concerns and will take whatever action we can to target suspected criminals and bring them to justice. If you have information about criminality in your local neighbourhood, please report it to us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
