```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a sexual assault in Welwyn Garden City have released an image of man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following sexual assault \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-sexual-assault-WelwynGardenCity-1504B
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? Police want to speak to him as part of their enquiries into a sexual assault.

 * ### It happened in Welwyn Garden City on Friday, December 22 2017.

 * ### If you know him, or have any further information, please call 101 quoting B1/17/5196.

Officers investigating a sexual assault in Welwyn Garden City have released an image of man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened outside Superdrug on Howardsgate at 4pm on Friday, December 22.

The victim, a 15-year-old girl, was standing outside the shop when she was approached by a group of men.

One of the men spoke to her and then touched her inappropriately before he and the rest of the group walked off in the direction of Wigmores North, Welwyn Garden City.

PC Dale Powell, who is investigating, said: "This has been an upsetting experience for the victim, who has been very brave in reporting what happened to her.

"I appreciate this image is not the best quality but maybe you recognise this man's clothing or hairstyle? If so, please let us know as soon as possible as he may have information that could assist us with our investigation.

"Also, if you witnessed what happened or have any further information that help us, please call 101 quoting crime reference B1/17/5196."

Alternatively you can report information online or contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. You can also use their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV appeal following sexual assault
