```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of racially aggravated criminal damage in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 3 Nov 2020
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-hitchin-0826
```

* ### A black history exhibition at Christchurch Methodist Church in Bedford Road was vandalised.

 * ### Officers believe the offender(s) defaced the exhibition between 5pm on Friday 23 October and 10.45am on Saturday 24 October.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of racially aggravated criminal damage in Hitchin.

It was reported that between 5pm on Friday 23 October and 10.45am on Saturday 24 October, offender(s) defaced a black history month exhibition at Christchurch Methodist Church in Bedford Road with spray paint.

PC Emma Jessup, who is investigating, said: "Not only is this senseless vandalism, with an exhibition celebrating black history that people have worked very hard on ruined, but it is also being treated as a hate crime. This sort of behaviour will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire, and we are conducting extensive enquiries to trace those responsible.

"If you witnessed the incident taking place, of if you have any information that you think may assist with our investigation, please get in contact as soon as possible."

If you have any information, you can contact PC Jessup directly via email at emma.jessup@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
