```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses following nine burglaries, which took place in Hitchin yesterday (Tuesday, March 6).
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2018
title: Appeal following burglaries in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglaries-in-Hitchin-1747
```

* ### Detectives are appealing for information following eight burglaries in Hitchin on Tuesday, March 6.

 * ### Residents are being reminded to review their home security.

 * ### Proactive patrols have been increased in the local area while the investigation is on-going.

Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses following eight burglaries, which took place in Hitchin yesterday (Tuesday, March 6).

The following offences, which are being linked, have been reported to police:

 * Between 8.15am and 3.15pm, offender(s) gained access to a home in Sturrock Way and carried out an untidy search inside. Cash, a boxed woman's Cartier Panther watch, a boxed Cartier man's watch and a gold pendant were taken. (Crime reference G1/18/745)
 * Between 12.30pm and 3.10pm, offender(s) gained access to a home in Nutleigh Grove and carried out an untidy search inside. Six wrist watches (two Hugo Boss, one Tag watch, an Armani watch and two others), a gold necklace, four gold rings, two traditional Indian style necklaces, a diamond bracelet, a plain gold bracelet and a diamond necklace were stolen. (Crime reference G1/18/753)
 * Between 12.30pm and 8pm, offender(s) gained access to a home in Moss Way and carried out an untidy search. Jewellery was stolen from inside. (Crime reference G1/18/754)
 * Between 1.30pm and 1.55pm, offender(s) gained access to a home in Wymondley Road and carried out an untidy search. Jewellery was stolen. (Crime reference G1/18/737)
 * Between 2.30pm and 5.45pm, offender(s) gained access to a home in Ivatt Court and carried out an untidy search. Eight pairs of earrings, three gold chains and a bracelet were stolen (Crime reference G1/18/751)
 * Between 4.30pm and 8.25pm, offender(s) gained access to a home in Wellingham Avenue and carried out an untidy search. They stole a safe from inside the house and power tools from the garage. (Crime reference G1/18/749)
 * Between 5.10pm and 6.30pm, offender(s) gained access to a home in Ivatt Court and carried out an untidy search. A bracelet and diamond pendant necklace were taken. (Crime reference G1/18/750)
 * At around 7.10pm, offender(s) attempted to gain access to a property in Brook View. They were disturbed by the resident and made off. (Crime reference G1/18/752)
 * "I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind residents to review their home security and follow the crime prevention advice offered by the Constabulary."
 * "We're working hard to identify the offenders and are increasing proactive patrols in the local area while enquiries are on-going as well as visiting residents in the immediate vicinity.
 * Detective Sergeant Will Ainsworth from the North Herts Local Crime Unit said: "I'm appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious or out of the ordinary in these areas around the times stated to get in touch as you may have information that could help us to identify the people carrying out these burglaries.

Residents can make their homes more secure by following some basic crime prevention advice such as:

 * **Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.**
 * **Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.**
 * **Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV. **
 * **Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.**
 * **Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.**
 * **Join Hertfordshire 's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: **www.owl.co.uk **.**
 * **Visit**www.owlprotect.uk **for discounts on security products.**

**For more crime prevention advice visit**www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome **and**www.hertscitizensacademy.org

Anyone with information that could assist the police investigation is asked to contact DS Ainsworth by emailing william.ainsworth@herts.pnn.police.uk, call the non-emergency number 101 quoting the relevant crime number or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
