```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a burglary at a salon in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following burglary at Stevenage salon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-at-stevenage-salon-1084e
```

* ## The burglary occurred at Envi-Ous in Mobbsbury Way.

 * ## Cash was stolen.

 * ## The offender is believed to have left the scene on a bike.

Police investigating a burglary at a salon in Stevenage are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 5am on Saturday 2 January, entry was forced to Envi-Ous in Mobbsbury Way, causing extensive damage to a fire door. A small amount of cash was taken from within.

PC Lilly Brown, who is investigating, said: "While the culprit only managed to get away with a small amount of cash, the salon owner has been left with a hefty bill to repair the damage, at what is already a very difficult time for the industry.

"Our enquiries have led us to believe that the offender left the scene on a bike. I am therefore appealing for anyone who may have seen someone on a bike in the area around the time stated to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have any other information which could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email PC Lilly Brown.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/321/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

**

**
