```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Hitchin are appealing for help and information following an assault on a 16 year old boy in the town.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2019
title: Benslow Lane assault
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/benslow-lane-assault-1147g
```

* ## Teenage boy assaulted in Hitchin.

 * ## Group of youths accost victim and hit him with a metal pole.

 * ## Officers appeal for witnesses.

Detectives in Hitchin are appealing for help and information following an assault on a 16 year old boy in the town.

The incident happened on Thursday 5 December at 4pm. As the boy was walking along Benslow Lane path he was approached by a group of four or five teenagers who asked his name. He was then attacked by the group and struck over the head with a metal pole.

The victim suffered injuries to his arm and his head which required hospital treatment.

Detective Constable Kerry Burrows, who is investigating, said: "At this time it is unclear why the boy was attacked and we are treating this as a very serious assault. We are appealing to anyone with any information to get in touch.

"We believe there may have been someone at the end of the alleyway just before the boy was assaulted and we are keen to trace this person. We also want to speak to anyone who saw a group of teenagers in the area, one of whom may have been carrying a metal pole.

"Anyone with any information, is asked to contact DC Kerry Burrows via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/109735/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
