```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Volunteer Police Cadet from Borehamwood has been praised for his efforts to help his mum after she became seriously ill.
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2018
title: Brave Police Cadet presented with Royal Humane Society Award
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/brave-police-cadet-presented-with-royal-humane-society-award-1771J
```

* ### Dominic Bennett commenced CPR after finding his mum Karen in cardiac arrest at the family home.

 * ### Sadly, despite the best efforts of all involved, Karen passed away.

 * ### Dominic was presented with a Royal Humane Society Award by the Constabulary's Chief Constable.

A Volunteer Police Cadet from Borehamwood has been praised for his efforts to help his mum after she became seriously ill.

Dominic Bennett, aged 19, commenced CPR after finding Karen in cardiac arrest at their home on the evening February 7 last year.

Karen had been unwell for some time and had spent four months in hospital. On the night of the incident Dominic, who was 18 at the time, had gone downstairs to make her a cup of tea before coming back upstairs to find her seriously ill.

He immediately called an ambulance and, using skills he had learnt as part of his police cadet training, carried out CPR for about 10 minutes until a paramedic arrived and took over.

Meanwhile, local PC Ross Paybody was on patrol with a colleague when they saw the paramedic car and offered assistance. Although he is one of the Hertsmere cadet leaders, he didn't realise it was Dominic's address until he went inside.

His colleague took Dominic downstairs and Ross offered to carry on with the CPR to allow the paramedic to carry out other procedures until further colleagues arrived.

Sadly, despite the best efforts of all involved, Karen was pronounced dead. She was just 46 years old.

As a result of his brave efforts, Dominic was nominated for a Royal Humane Society Award by PC Paybody. The Constabulary's Chief Constable Charlie Hall presented Dominic with the award at police Headquarters recently.

"I was extremely proud of the courage Dominic showed in the most tragic of circumstances," said PC Paybody.

"Dominic executed the skills he learnt whilst at cadets to help his mother. I know that Karen would have been very proud of her son and would be delighted he was recognised in this way. I would like to pass on my condolences to Dominic and his family."
