```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a collision in Watford have released an image of a potential witness they would like to identify and speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2019
title: "Re-appeal to trace a witness to a collision \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Re-appeal-to-trace-a-witness-to-a-collision-watford-0353
```

* ### Do you recognise this man? We believe he may have witnessed a collision and have information that could assist our investigation

 * ### It happened in the car park of Watford General Hospital at around 7pm on Thursday, May 16

 * ### If you know the person pictured, please get in touch with police as soon as possible quoting reference 41/44515/19

Detectives investigating a collision in Watford have released an image of a potential witness they would like to identify and speak to as part of their enquiries.

On Thursday, May 16 at around 7pm, a white Fiat 500 was in collision with a pedestrian, a man in his 70s, in the car park of Watford General Hospital. The driver of the Fiat, a woman in her 20s, was not injured.

The pedestrian suffered a number of injuries and had to stay in hospital for a total of seven days, however he has since been discharged and is now recovering at home.

Following the incident a member of the public, a man, assisted the pedestrian however his details were not taken at the scene.

Detective Constable Dave Herring, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We would like to identify and speak to this man as part of our enquiries because we believe he may have witnessed the incident and have information that could prove vital to the investigation.

"If this is you, or one of your friends or family members, we would again like to stress that you are not in any trouble. If you can identify the man pictured, please get in touch with us as soon as possible.

"We are currently conducting a number of other enquiries and we would also like to speak to anyone who saw the Fiat prior to or following the collision."

Anyone with any information should contact DC Herring via email on _david.herring@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , quoting reference 41/44515/19.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here: _www.herts.police.uk/contact_

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
