```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn and Hatfield Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Closure Order on an address in Welwyn Garden City under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2018
title: Closure Order secured on a property in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-a-property-in-welwyngardencity-2073B
```

Officers from the Welwyn and Hatfield Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Closure Order on an address in Welwyn Garden City under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Haynes Close - was being investigated following complaints from residents about people using drugs in the address and causing anti-social behaviour.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at St Albans Magistrate's Court on Friday November, 9.

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

1) that a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behavior on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) that there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises,

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order. Where closure orders are granted the local authority/housing association can utilise specific legislation that allows them to seek full possession of the property.

The Closure Order prevents anyone from entering the property for three months and anyone who breaches the order can be arrested.

Hertfordshire Constabulary Community Safety Sergeant Ricki Vaughan, who is responsible for Hertsmere and Welwyn Hatfield said **:** "Closure Orders are a very powerful tool in the fight against anti-social behaviour. My unit has applied to the courts for five closure orders in the past 18 months and all were successful.

"Closure orders are generally a last resort, however - if residents continue to cause a misery for their neighbours - we will not hesitate to use this legislation.

"I would urge local residents to please continue to report anything of concern to us via the non-emergency number 101. If you witness a crime or anti-social behaviour in progress always dial 999."

Councillor Tony Kingsbury, Deputy Leader of Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council and Executive Member for Housing and Community, said: "Our priority is to protect residents from anti-social behaviour and this is another good example of local agencies working together to stop activity that was having a detrimental impact on people's lives."
