```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a purse in Hatfield have released an image of a woman they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following the theft of a purse \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-the-theft-of-a-purse-hatfield-2242B
```

* ### Do you recognise this woman? We would like to speak to her as part of our enquiries into the theft of a purse in Hatfield.

 * ### It happened in Poundland in the Town Centre just after 3.30pm on December 10.

 * ### If you know her, or have any further information that could help, please call 101 quoting 41/64523/18.

Officers investigating the theft of a purse in Hatfield have released an image of a woman they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Poundland in the Town Centre just after 3.30pm on Monday, December 10.

The victim, a woman in her 80s, was shopping in store when the offender unzipped her handbag without her knowledge.

They then followed the victim around the store and pretended to bump into her before taking her purse from her handbag and leaving the store.

The victim only realised her purse was missing when she went to pay for her items at the till.

PC Lee Rowson, who is investigating, said: "I am keen to identify the woman pictured as we believe she was in the area at the time of the offence and may have information that could help progress our enquiry.

"If you know her, or have any further information that could assist us, please email , call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/64523/18, or report information online _. "_

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
