```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are investigating the murder of a 15 year old schoolboy from Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2017
title: Murder of 15 year old Jacob Abraham
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Murder-of-15-year-old-Jacob-Abraham
```

* **Police appeal for information following the murder of a 15 year old schoolboy.**
 * **Jacob Abraham was fatally stabbed in Waltham Cross on Thursday evening (December 7).** ****
 * **He was found collapsed in a service road by his brother who had gone out looking for him.**
 * **Jacob was due to celebrate his 16th birthday on December 17. **
 * **Detectives are appealing for young people from the local community and their families to come forward wiht information that could help identify the offender(s). **

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are investigating the murder of a 15 year old schoolboy from Waltham Cross.

Jacob Abraham was fatally stabbed in a service road that runs behind houses in Hurst Drive at some time between 8.30pm and 9.30pm on Thursday (December 7).

He attempted to run back to his family home in Hurst Drive but never made it. Jacob collapsed in the service road and was found by his older brother.

Jacob was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics - just 10 days before he was due to celebrate his 16th birthday.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Jacob left his home just before 8.30pm on Thursday and within an hour he was dead. Jacob was just 15 years old and his life has been tragically cut short.

"We know that other young people who knew Jacob will have information about his death and I'm appealing for those people to speak to officers.

"If you do not feel comfortable speaking directly to officers, you can provide information anonymously via our website www.herts.police.uk/report and there is a webchat option available. Alternatively call the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Incident Room on 01707 355666 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

 "I would encourage parents whose children may have connections to Jacob to speak to them about providing information to police.

"We are dedicated to identifying those responsible for his death and bringing the offender(s) to justice."

 * A 14 year old boy from London has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
