```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are releasing a picture of a watch that was stolen and are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 17 Aug 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Watford-1667
```

* ### Thieves gained access to a home in Douglas Avenue, Watford, on Saturday, August 4.

 * ### Among the items taken was the watch pictured.

 * ### Cash and other jewellery was also stolen.

 * ### Anyone who has seen the watch or believes they have been offered it for sale is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are releasing a picture of a watch that was stolen and are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 11.45am and 4pm on Saturday, August 4, offender(s) gained access to a property in Douglas Avenue and searched inside.

Jewellery and cash was stolen, including the watch pictured.

Detective Constable Judith Muskett, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who has seen the watch or has been offered it for sale to get in touch.

"I'd also like to speak to anyone who believes they saw anything suspicious in the Douglas Avenue area between the times stated."

Anyone with information that could assist the police investigation is asked to contact DC Muskett by emailing _judith.muskett@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/24266/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
