```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested and charged after a woman had money stolen from her while at a cash machine in Borehamwood yesterday (Thursday 26 March).
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2020
title: Man arrested and charged following theft in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-and-charged-following-theft-in-borehamwood-1592j
```

* ## A man has been charged with theft after an incident in Borehamwood.

 * ## The incident occurred on Thursday 26 March.

 * ## Sam Westlake, aged 31, from Borehamwood has been charged and remanded in custody.

A man has been arrested and charged after a woman had money stolen from her while at a cash machine in Borehamwood yesterday (Thursday 26 March).

Sam Westlake, aged 31, of Morpeth Avenue, Borehamwood, has been charged with theft in connection with the incident on Leeming Road.

He has been remanded in custody and will appear in court at the next available date.

Police Constable Ross Paybody said: "I hope this reassures the public that following this incident an arrest and charge was quickly made.

"It is very much business as usual for the police and crime will not be tolerated.

"In addition I would like to praise the community spirit and kind gestures, including a donation from the Borehamwood food bank, towards this lady following this incident.

"She was clearly upset by it and is now safely at home being looked after by her family."

You can report incidents online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
