```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: TEN new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday 21 November.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2019
title: Ten new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ten-new-special-constables-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-1070
```

* ### After 11 weeks' training, our latest Special Constables have joined the force

 * ### If you'd like to volunteer, find out more at www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk

Ten new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday 21 November.

And if you'd like to follow in their footsteps, we're holding regular information events for people to find out more about joining the Special Constabulary. For more information, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

During 11 weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those who graduated are:

**Dacorum**

 * **Martin Bolger** who works in the Civil Service.

**East Herts**

 * **Yelken Batmaz** who is studying criminology.
 * **Shaun Mathieson** who works for an investment management company.
 * **Victoria Dance** who studies criminology and criminal justice.
 * **Jake Wright** who works as a lifeguard in Hertford.

**Hertsmere**

 * **Natan Segal** who is at college studying Public Services.

**North Herts**

 * **Rebekah Clarey** who works as a communications operator for Hertfordshire Constabulary.

**Three Rivers**

 * **Arabella Simmons** who is an administrator for a jewellery wholesaler.

**Watford**

 * **Paul Bondea** who is a self-employed builder.
 * **Richard McCarthy** who is a sales person in a builders' merchant **.**

They were joined on the evening by family, friends and dignitaries, including Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson, Assistant Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Stuart Nagler, Dacorum Deputy Mayor Stewart Riddick and Deputy Mayoress Vicky Riddick, East Herts Deputy Mayor Sally Newton, Hertsmere Mayor Alan Plancey and Watford's Deputy Mayor Karen Collett and Councillor Stephen Cavinder.

Over the next 12 months the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson, who awarded the Specials with their certificates, said: "The work that our Special Constables do is vital in helping us to police the county and it is a great honour to welcome these hardworking Specials to the Constabulary. I was delighted to meet them and wish them all well as they embark on their first shifts taking on this important role within the communities of Hertfordshire."

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk and click on 'register your interest' to receive an application form (please check your junk folder!) or browse the pages to find out more. You can also watch our video and read case studies from some of our officers.
