```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating reports of two out of control dogs in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2019
title: Out of control dog report in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/out-of-control-dog-report-in-welwyn-garden-city-md2449
```

* **On Saturday, January 19, a dog was attacked by two white and tan Lurcher dogs in the fields behind the fishing lake in Holwell Hyde Lane**
 * **The victim 's dog sustained bites to her back and her ear**
 * **Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/6357/19**

Officers investigating reports of two out of control dogs in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

Between 3pm to 3.30pm on Saturday, January 19, two dog walkers were in the fields behind a fishing lake on Holwell Hyde Lane when their dog was attacked by two white and tan Lurcher dogs.

The dog walker tried to protect her dog with her walking stick after which the Lurcher's owner swore and shouted at her.

The victim's dog sustained bites to her back and her ear.

The offender is described as a white male in his early 20s, around 5ft 9in tall, of a stocky build, with short dark hair and brown eyes. He was wearing tracksuit bottoms and a black jacket. A second man was with the offender.

It is believed the offender had driven onto the field in a blue hatchback which had silver roof rack bars.

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Ward on _rhianna.ward@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/6357/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
