```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision between a cyclist and a car near Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2019
title: Witness appeal following collision near Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-near-borehamwood-1214j
```

### • Officers investigating a collision near Borehamwood are appealing for witnesses who may be able to help with their investigation.

### • The incident happened in Dancers Hill Road on Saturday 21 December.

### • Anyone who may have any information that could help with the investigation are encouraged to call 101, quotting ISR 454 of 21 December.

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision between a cyclist and a car near Borehamwood.

The collision happened at around 2.40pm on Saturday 21 December, in Dancers Hill Road.

A white BMW 220D and a cyclist were involved.

The cyclist was taken to hospital with serious injuries that are considered life threatening at this time.

PC Felicity Moody from the Serious Collision Investigations Unit, who is investigating, said: "We're appealing to witnesses who may have been in the area around the time of the incident to please come forward - particularly motorists who may have dash cam footage, which could help us with our ongoing investigation.

"Please take care out on the roads this festive period and look out for others who are also using the road."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Moody directly via email at _felicity.moody@Herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 454 of 21 December. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
