```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a robbery in Letchworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following robbery in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-in-Letchworth
```

Police investigating a robbery in Letchworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

At approximately 10.15am yesterday (Tuesday, October 17), the offender approached the victim, a 69 year old man, at a cash-machine in the Garden Square Shopping Centre on Central Approach.

The offender attempted to take money from the victim before making off with the victim's railcard which was then recovered after being dropped.

An officer followed the offender as he boarded a Cambridge-bound train at Letchworth railway station. The offender has produced a knife and stolen the officer's police radio, which was later located. The offender has then fled on foot.

The railway line was temporarily closed while an extensive search of the area was conducted, with assistance from the British Transport Police. However no suspects were located and the offender is still outstanding.

He is described as a black man, aged between 20 and 40, between 5ft 4in and 5ft 5in tall and he spoke with a West Indian accent. He was wearing a black jacket and a black woolly hat. Members of the public are asked not to approach him should they believe that they have seen him.

Detective Constable Ben Stacey, who is investigating, said: "This was a very distressing incident which has understandably left the victim upset. I am appealing for anybody who might have seen this incident to get in touch.

"Were you on the train at the time? If you were, please contact me as you may have information that can assist the investigation. Similarly, I am also interested in speaking to anyone who might have filmed the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Ben Stacey via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G2/17/2403 or report information online at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report/Crime.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
