```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police officers and the LGBT+ community joined together on bi-visibility day (Monday 23 September) for the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Conference.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary hold LGBT+ conference
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-hold-lgbt-conference-0811all
```

* ### Police officers and the LGBT+ community joined together on bi-visibility day for the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Conference.

 * ### The conference aims to keep the Constabulary's police officers and staff up-to-date with the current issues affecting the LGBT+ community.

 * ### This year's theme looked at diversity within the LGBT+ community with speakers from a wide range of backgrounds.

Police officers and the LGBT+ community joined together on bi-visibility day (Monday 23 September) for the Hertfordshire Constabulary LGBT+ Conference.

The conference, which runs every 18 months, aims to keep the Constabulary's police officers and staff up-to-date with the current issues affecting the LGBT+ community and to encourage victims to report homophobic, biphobic or transphobic incidents to police.

The conference opened with Inspector Steve Alison, Chair of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Network, which provides personal and operational support to officers in relation to LGBT+ issues. Inspector Alison welcomed Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant to the stage, who provided a moving and inspiring account of his journey as an LGBT+ police officer.

This year's theme looked at diversity within the LGBT+ community with speakers from a wide range of backgrounds.

LGBT+ activist Lucky Roy Singh discussed his campaigns against forced marriages and honour-based abuse, after he was forced to marry the love of his life dressed as a woman due to the beliefs of his husband's family.

The conference also heard from retired police officer Gamal Turawa who spoke about his experiences as the first black Metropolitan police officer to come out as gay, also sharing his story as an immigrant moving from Africa to the UK.

The traveller community was also represented with Tyler Hatwell from Traveller Pride explaining the issues affecting LGBT+ members of the traveller community.

Mohammad Mujahid from Muslim LGBT+ charity Imaam spoke about the struggles that LGBT+ Muslims are often faced with.

The conference audience was made up of police officers, community partners and LGBT+ Liaison Officers who are police officers specially trained to deal with issues and crimes affecting the LGBT+ community. The afternoon saw all the guest speakers take to the stage to answer questions from the audience.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Strategic Lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, gave an update on the work that has been undertaken since the last conference in 2018. Since then, the Constabulary is proud to have been ranked 121 out of 445 organisations in the Stonewall Workplace Equality Index which looks at workplace culture for LGBT+ staff.

The conference concluded with certificates handed out to those who have shown dedication to supporting the LGBT+ community. PC Sandra Smith from the Welwyn Hatfield Intervention Team and PC Callum Ellis from the Borehamwood Intervention Team were recognised for their efforts, alongside Clive Duffey from the HIV charity Terrence Higgins Trust.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, who is also the Local Policing Commander, said: "This year's conference was really informative as we got to learn about the issues affecting the diverse groups within the LGBT+ community. Events like these are really important as we get to hear first-hand the problems that the LGBT+ community face and it reminds us of the work we still have to do in order to make sure the LGBT+ community feel safe in Hertfordshire.

"Remember, never hesitate to contact the police if you're the victim of an LGBT+ hate crime. We have specially trained LGBT+ Liaison Officers who are there to help and you will always be treated with respect."

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to visit.

**How to contact an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number **101** or by contacting us online. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via **999. ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

To contact an LGBT+ Officer in your local area for non-urgent advice ring **101** and ask to leave a message for them to contact you.
