```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for information and witnesses after an assault in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-waltham-cross-0727k
```

* ### Witnesses to an assault in Waltham Cross are being sought.

 * ### It took place on Trinity Lane between 3.30pm and 4pm on Monday (5 October).

 * ### Call 101 quoting if you can help.

We are appealing for information and witnesses after an assault in Waltham Cross.

Between 3.30pm and 4pm on Monday (5 October) a teenage boy was walking on Trinity Lane when he was pulled to the ground by two youths and kicked.

The two offenders are described as black males in their late teens. One was wearing a grey jacket and had short dreadlocks.

PC Stuart Rogers, of the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This incident saw a young boy assaulted and, while not injured, he was left shaken by the incident.

"Were you in the area at the time or do you have information which could assist enquiries into this?

"If so I'd like to hear from you.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at stuart.rogers@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/80118/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
