```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2021
title: Witness appeal following robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-robbery-in-hitchin-1097G
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought after a man was robbed in Hitchin on Friday (15 January).

 * ### The incident took place around 7am on Folly Path.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/3441/21 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hitchin.

At around 6.45am on Friday (15 January) a man was walking on Folly Path when he was approached by two men who threatened him and stole cash. They made off towards the Sunnyside Estate.

The two men were described as being around 5ft 10ins tall and of stocky builds. They were both wearing face masks and dark clothes with hoods up.

Detective Constable James Prior, who is investigating, said: "Were you in the area at the time of this incident? If so did you see anything suspicious which could assist with our enquiries?

"Also, if you live nearby, do you have CCTV which covers this area that caught anything unusual at this time of the morning?

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at james.prior@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/3441/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
