```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating an alleged robbery and assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2021
title: "Appeal for witnesses following robbery and assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-robbery-and-assault-in-bishops-stortford-1310a
```

* ### The incident occurred in Link Road car park.

 * ### The victim sustained cuts and had items stolen.

 * ### Two people have been arrested.

Detectives investigating an alleged robbery and assault in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Link Road car park, near Sworder's Field, at around 9.40pm on Sunday 7 March.

It was reported that a 20 year old man was walking through the car park, when two males pulled him into a silver/grey, five-door hatchback, which had sustained damage on the nearside.

An altercation ensued inside the vehicle, during which the victim sustained cuts, allegedly caused by a knife.

Cash, an iPhone and a pair of Nike trainers were taken from the victim, before he managed to get out of the vehicle and return home.

Detective Constable Ben Farmer, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "I appreciate an incident of this nature will cause concern among the community. I would like to try and reassure people that we are doing everything we can to establish the circumstances and motive around what happened.

"If you saw the incident take place, or have any information which could assist us, please get in touch. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can give details through Crimestoppers."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact DC Farmer by email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/16660/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

• Two people have been arrested in connection with the incident and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
