```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in St Albans in which a teenager had his bicycle stolen at knifepoint are appealing for anyone with information to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2019
title: Witness appeal following a robbery in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Witness-appeal-following-a-robbery-in-St-Albans-0460f
```

* ### Officers are currently investigating a robbery in St Albans where a teenager had his bicycle stolen at knifepoint.

 * ### The incident happened at The Marlborough Club on 1 July at 4.35pm.

 * ### Anyone with information are encouraged to call 101, quoting 41/59402/19.

Officers investigating a robbery in St Albans in which a teenager had his bicycle stolen at knifepoint are appealing for anyone with information to get in touch.

At 4.35pm on Monday 1 July, two boys were approached by a man in the Marlborough Club sports field near the car park in Old Oak.

The man, who was carrying a knife, threatened the victim and demanded he hand his bicycle over and then cycled out of Old Oak towards Cottonmill Lane.

The offender is described as white, of slim build, in his 20s and between 5ft 7in and 6ft tall. He had a small light brown beard.

The bicycle is a bright green Diamondback Heist 1.0 Bike, serial number LY17924469.

Detective Constable Colin Workman from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "This was a very scary experience for those young boys to have gone through, and we are doing everything we can to stop it from happening again.

"Fortunately, no one was hurt but that does not take away the severity of this incident.

"We're asking anyone with any information no matter small to get in touch as it could help us conclude this investigation."

Anyone with information can contact DC Workman by emailing colin.workman@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/59402/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
