```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in the Market Square.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2019
title: Attempted robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-Hitchin-0936G
```

* Witnesses sought following an attempted robbery in Hitchin
 * Two friends threatened by group of males in hoodies
 * Victim sought refuge in local bar after being punched

Detectives in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in the Market Square.

The incident happened at around 11pm on Saturday 19 October. Two young men were approached by a group of youths who demanded that one of the men hand over his mobile phone. When he refused he was reportedly punched. The victim then ran to Chic Bar.

The offenders were all male and were wearing hoodies.

Detective Sergeant Will Ansell said: "This was a busy time of night, so we are hoping that there were people in the vicinity who may have witnessed the incident or recognised the offenders.

"We are also keen to hear from anyone who was working or drinking at the Chic Bar and saw the victim come in."

Anyone with information should contact DS Will Ansell via email at william.ainsworth@herts.pnn.police.uk or via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/93693/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

### **

**
