```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a serious assault in Watford are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2021
title: Witness appeal following serious assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-serious-assault-in-watford-1341
```

* ### Detectives investigating a serious assault in Watford are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage

 * ### It happened on St Albans Road at 6pm on Sunday 21 March

 * ### Did you witness any suspicious activity? Were you driving in the location at the time of the incident?

Detectives investigating a serious assault in Watford are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage.

It happened on St Albans Road, at the junction with Victoria Road, at 6pm yesterday (Sunday 21 March).

The victim, a 16 year old boy, was approached by two males and a physical altercation ensued before the victim suffered a single stab wound to his torso.

He was taken to hospital for treatment where he remains today. His injury is not considered life-threatening at this time.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, who leads the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We understand that news of this incident will cause concern among the community but we do believe all parties involved are previously known to one another, so I can confirm that we are not investigating this as a random attack.

"The victim is recovering in hospital and we are exploring a number of avenues as part of our investigation.

"The assault happened in broad daylight and we are sure there were a number of vehicles that passed the victim and his attackers at the time of the incident.

"Were you driving on St Albans Road at 6pm yesterday? Did you witness any suspicious activity? Do you have a dash cam that may have captured something of note? Please get in touch if you have information that could assist us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call non-emergency number 101, quoting reference **41/20487/21**.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.

Please don't use echo to report an ongoing crime or incident. Remember: if you believe a crime is in progress or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
