```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a kitten was shot with an air rifle in Borehamwood and later sadly died.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2018
title: Kitten shot with air rifle in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Kitten-shot-with-air-rifle-in-Borehamwood-1697J
```

* ### The kitten is believed to have been shot in the vicinity of Arundel Drive.

 * ### Sadly, he later died from his injuries.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a kitten was shot with an air rifle in Borehamwood and later sadly died.

The incident occurred between 3pm and 4pm on January 23, in the vicinity of Arundel Drive.

The kitten, a boy named Fang, returned home injured and was taken to the vets for treatment but died from his injuries on January 29. It was confirmed he had been hit with an air rifle pellet.

PC Yaser Khan, who is investigating, said: "Understandably, the kitten's owners have been left extremely distressed by what has happened. We are continuing to investigate and, as part of this, I am keen to trace anyone who saw the incident, or may know who is behind it.

"Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area around the time? Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J1/18/336 or email. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
