```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Standon Calling returns to east Hertfordshire this weekend and police are issuing advice to help festival goers have a safe and enjoyable time.
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2018
title: Stay safe and enjoy Standon Calling
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stay-safe-and-enjoy-standon-calling-0548a
```

* ### Police have been working closely with festival organisers.

 * ### Festival goers are advised to follow some simple tips and advice to help keep themselves and their belongings safe.

 * ### If you have any concerns, speak with a member of festival staff.

Standon Calling returns to east Hertfordshire this weekend and police are issuing advice to help festival goers have a safe and enjoyable time.

The event takes place at Standon Lordship between Friday, July 27 and Sunday, July 29 and will feature headline performances from Paloma Faith, George Ezra and Bryan Ferry.

Superintendent Fiona Gaskell, who is overseeing the policing response to the event, said: "As in previous years, we have been working closely with festival organisers to ensure the weekend runs smoothly and everyone has a great time.

"Historically, Standon Calling is a low crime event but we would always encourage people to remain vigilant and take simple steps to help keep themselves and their belongings safe.

"If you do have any concerns throughout the weekend, or witness anything suspicious, please report this to a steward or member of security staff straightaway; they are there to help."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following tips and advice:

**Getting to the festival**
For people using sat nav systems, the correct postcode to use to get you to the right entrance to the site is SG11 1EE.
Please be aware that there may be some disruption in Barwick Road and other roads around the site and you may need to allow extra time for your journey if you are travelling in the area. Check travel apps for live updates.

**Vehicle security**
• Do not leave any valuable items in your vehicle and remove all loose change, sunglasses etc from display.
• Ensure all windows and doors are fully locked and secure.
• Open your glove compartment to show nothing of value has been left inside.
• Clean all sat nav suction marks off the inside of your windscreen, as this could indicate to thieves that a sat nav has been left in the vehicle.

**Personal safety**
• Don't show off what valuables you do have with you - it could make you a target for criminals. Put money, cards and mobile phones in a zipped pocket or handbag, use a money belt or store valuables in the lockers on site.
• Be patient around security searches as they are being conducted for your own safety. You may need to allow extra time for these searches when you arrive.
• In the event of an incident, follow instructions from security.
• Phone signal can be poor. Make sure you pre-arrange meeting places with friends in less busy areas and never go off on your own.
• The weather is currently expected to be hot and sunny so make sure you drink plenty of water, regularly apply sun cream and seek shade.
• If you feel unwell, visit the welfare tent on site or speak to a member of security.
• Any knives or items that could be construed as a weapon are strictly prohibited.

**Alcohol and drugs**
• Never leave your drinks unattended.
• Remember, alcohol and drugs can affect your ability to make safe judgments and can make you vulnerable.
• You can still enjoy alcohol but it is important to drink responsibly and stay safe. Alternate alcoholic drinks with soft drinks or low alcohol ones. Drink more slowly and make sure you eat.
• Ensure you and your friends all look after one another and get home safely.
• Do not drink alcohol if you are driving home.
• We do not want people's lives to be ruined by the dangers of drugs. Officers will work closely with organisers to intercept illegal and harmful substances. Anyone caught supplying illegal drugs, will be dealt with appropriately by police and refused entry to the festival.
Amnesty bins will be provided.
• Nitrous Oxide is not permitted at the festival and will be confiscated. It is an offence to supply, or possess with intent to supply, Nitrous Oxide and anyone committing these offences will be liable for arrest.

**Operation Advisory**
Operation Advisory is Hertfordshire Constabulary's on-going campaign to educate people on the issue of consent.
Having sex with someone without their clear consent could result in a rape conviction, a minimum prison sentence of five years and being placed on the Sex Offenders Register.

This video contains more information.

If you do become the victim of sexual assault, please be reassured that police will take the matter seriously and provide specialist support. Further information about where you can report sexual assault and get help and advice, is available here.

Further advice and information can be found by visiting the Festival Safe website at www.festivalsafe.com
