```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 27-year-old man from Edmonton was arrested on Wednesday, April 18 in Hatfield on suspicion of drugs offences, following proactive work undertaken by police officers from Welwyn Hatfield\u2019s Operation Scorpion* team."
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2018
title: One arrested in Hatfield after suspected drugs seizure
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/One-arrested-in-Hatfield-after-suspected-drugs-seizure-0086B
```

* ### Man from London is arrested on suspicion of Hatfield drugs offences.

 * ### Police seized suspected Class and Class B drugs and a bladed article.

 * ### The man has been released and is under investigation.

A 27-year-old man from Edmonton was arrested on Wednesday, April 18 in Hatfield on suspicion of drugs offences, following proactive work undertaken by police officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Operation Scorpion* team.

The team was carrying out patrols in Foxhollows when they made the arrest. The man was found to have what is believed to be class A and class B drugs, around £550 in cash and a bladed article in his possession.

The man was arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A with intent to supply, possession of a class B drug, and possession of a bladed article in a public place. He was taken to Stevenage Police Station for questioning and was released under investigation pending further enquiries.

**Detective Inspector Rob Burns, who leads Welwyn Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit said:** "We are not relenting in our fight against drugs in the local area which can have such a negative impact on people's lives.

"To help us in our fight against drug related crime, anyone who witnesses any suspicious behaviour is advised to contact police and report it via the non-emergency number 101 or 999 if you believe a crime is on-going. Any information provided, no matter how seemly insignificant, could be crucial to investigations."

***** Operation Scorpion targets burglars, robbers and those involved in drug and vehicle-related crime. The proactive team is focused on those criminals causing the most harm to our communities.

Drugs seizure
