```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: New leaflets aimed at raising awareness among taxi drivers and the general public are to be distributed by the Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2018
title: Hertfordshire partnership marks World Day Against Trafficking in Persons
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-partnership-marks-world-day-against-trafficking-in-persons-0556all
```

New leaflets aimed at raising awareness among taxi drivers and the general public are to be distributed by the Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership.

The leaflets - launched today (Monday July 30) on World Day Against Trafficking in Persons - will be given to drivers when they renew their licence. They follow on from the Partnership's "Slavery can happen anywhere" campaign last year and are part of an on-going drive to raise public awareness of exploitation and trafficking.

The second leaflet for the general public will be handed out at enforcement operations or other awareness events run by partners. Both leaflets are packed with information about spotting the signs that someone might be being exploited and where to report any concerns.

Sue Darker, Chair of the Partnership's Steering Group, said: "Criminals can use taxis to move exploited people from location to location. It is vital taxi drivers know what to look out for and where they can report any concerns they have.

"Through the partnership more than 500 local authority, NHS and law enforcement workers in Hertfordshire have been trained on how to spot the signs of human trafficking and modern slavery.

"The work we have done so far has undoubtedly increased the number of potential victims identified and made Hertfordshire a harder place for criminals to exploit people."*

The Partnership was set up in May last year and has been working to coordinate efforts to tackle these crimes in Hertfordshire. Recent developments from the Partnership include a new victim pathway for public sector professionals in Hertfordshire to ensure that they refer potential victims they come into contact with to the correct channels for support.

A support worker in Beacon - the Hertfordshire Victim Care Centre - will now be working with victims of trafficking and slavery, offering further support. Other notable achievements include successful multi-agency involvement in enforcement operations and welfare visits. Reception centre facilities for victims available 24/7 throughout the county has also been established for operations where there are five victims or more involved.

Anyone with concerns about human trafficking or modern slavery should call police via 101 or the national Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700. In an emergency call 999. The Beacon hotline 03000 11 55 55 is open from Monday to Friday 8am-8pm and Saturday 9am-5pm or visit the website for information and advice to access support.
