```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Four people were arrested and \xA327,000 in cash was seized during a warrant carried out in Hemel Hempstead this week."
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: "Four people arrested and \xA327,000 cash seized during warrant in Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-people-arrested-and-27000-cash-seized-during-warrant-in-hemel-hempstead-0841
```

* ### Four people were arrested and cash and goods seized from Hemel Hempstead address during warrant

 * ### Officers from the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion team entered the property under Section 26 of the Theft Act 1968

 * ### Chief Inspector Craig Flint says suspected 'criminal activity will not be tolerated in Dacorum'

Four people were arrested and £27,000 in cash was seized during a warrant carried out in Hemel Hempstead this week.

Officers from the Hemel Hempstead East Safer Neighbourhood Team entered a property on Sarratt Avenue under Section 26 of the Theft Act 1968, just after 8.15am on Tuesday 3 November.

They were supported by colleagues from the borough's Operation Scorpion team as they searched the address in the Woodhall Farm area of the town, before they discovered the large sum of cash and suspected stolen goods, including clothing.

A vehicle outside the property was also searched under Section 32 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, where further suspected stolen goods were found, including bathroom trade items.

A 46 year old man, a 45 year old woman and a 14 year old boy were all arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods in connection with the warrant. They are all from Hemel Hempstead. A 17 year old boy, also from Hemel Hempstead, was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods and assaulting an emergency worker.

All four have been released under investigation while officers continue their enquiries.

Dacorum's Chief Inspector Craig Flint said: "We applied for this warrant after recording numerous intelligence reports suggesting there was suspected criminal activity occurring at the address. We have achieved a positive result and have seized money and goods we believe to be linked to criminality.

"I hope our high-visibility action reassures the community that we do act on intelligence and will do whatever we can to disrupt criminals, bring them to justice and keep people safe. Criminal activity can cause misery and fear among local communities and this will not be tolerated in Dacorum."

If you have information you believe should be shared with police, you can report it online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively if you do not feel comfortable talking directly with police, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
