```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The local Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) in Hitchin will focus their efforts on tackling drug crime and speeding for the next three months, following a public consultation to facilitate setting their latest policing priorities.
publish:
  date: 31 Dec 2020
title: Policing priorities for Hitchin set for next three months
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/policing-priorities-for-hitchin-set-for-next-three-months-0146g
```

* ## Local Hitchin officers set new policing priorities for the town.

 * ## Local residents give their views about what they want their local police tam to concentrate on.

 * ## Speeding and drugs are of most concern to those living in Hitchin.

The local Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) in Hitchin will focus their efforts on tackling drug crime and speeding for the next three months, following a public consultation to facilitate setting their latest policing priorities.

The SNT is responsible for dealing with short and long-term neighbourhood issues, such as anti-social behaviour and criminal damage, and they work with local partners, including North Herts District Council, to ensure that Hitchin remains a safe place to live and work.

Prior to setting the new priorities, the team ran a feedback campaign in which local residents were encouraged to submit their views on what issues their local officers should focus on. They did this via OWL - the Constabulary's online watch link and via echo, the new community voice platform.

After analysing the feedback, the following priorities have been set and the dedicated Hitchin team of PCs and PCSOs will be working to address them:

#### Speeding

The issue of vehicles travelling at excess speed throughout Hitchin has been raised by local residents as a key concern. Officers will be conducting regular speed awareness and enforcement activities in various locations around the town, particularly those areas identified in the survey, which include Bedford Road, Old Hale Way and St Johns Road.

#### Drugs

Local residents have also expressed concerns about the impact that unlawful drugs use is having on their quality of life and the associated anti-social behaviour which is linked to it. Areas of the town affected include King Georges Park, Bancroft Park and the Lairage Car Park. Officers will use all available policing options available to them in order to address this community concern.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Al Clarke said: "These are the issues that currently matter most to local residents and I am grateful to them for taking the time to share their concerns with us. These feedback surveys allow us to get a greater understanding of the issues, as not all undesirable activity is reported.

"These priorities will be reviewed again in three months, but in the meantime, you can still provide us with feedback using echo. Simply go to Hitchin echo and have your say. It's important to note that some comments we receive are about things that aren't police matters, such as parking and litter, however we do pass these comments to our partner agencies, such as North Herts District Council so that they are aware and can look to tackle them."

You can follow @ NthHertsPolice on Twitter and 'North Herts Police' on Facebook for regular updates from your Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window). **

**
