```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in St Albans City Centre are appealing for witnesses and information
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2018
title: Did you witness assault in St Albans?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-stalbans-1671f
```

* ### The incident occurred in Catherine Street.

 * ### Two men sustained non-life threatening injuries.

 * ### Detectives are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Detectives investigating an assault in St Albans City Centre are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Catherine Street, near the junction with St Peters Street, at around 2.40am on Sunday, August 19.

Two men, aged in their 20s, suffered stab wounds and were taken to hospital for treatment. Their injuries were not deemed to be life-threatening.

Detective Constable Claire Mann, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the men were not more seriously injured during the incident. We are currently working to establish the circumstances around what happened and trace those involved.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident, or events leading up it, to please get in contact."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Mann via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/28885/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
