```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following criminal damage to the Sopwell ruins in Cottonmill Lane, St Albans.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following criminal damage to Sopwell ruins
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-criminal-damage-to-Sopwell-ruins-1221F
```

* ### Between Monday, October 23 and Friday, November 3, a graffiti tag was sprayed onto the Sopwell ruins in St Albans.

 * ### Do you recognise this tag? Did you see anything suspicious in the area during this time?

 * ### Anyone with information should contact PC Ben Kirby on 101, quoting crime reference F1/17/5341.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following criminal damage to the Sopwell ruins in Cottonmill Lane, St Albans.

Between Monday, October 23 and Friday, November 3, a graffiti tag was sprayed onto the ruins (pictured).

Commonly known as Sopwell Nunnery, the ruins are the remains of a Tudor mansion built around 1560. The mansion itself was built on top of a medieval nunnery dating back to 1140.

PC Ben Kirby, who is investigating, said: "These ruins date back to the 1500s and are enjoyed by members of the public as a visible reminder of the history of our city. This mindless behaviour will not be tolerated in St Albans.

"Do you recognise this tag? Did you see anything suspicious in the area during this time?

"Anybody who has any information about this incident or believes they may know who uses this tag should contact me on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F1/17/5341, or report information online."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Appeal following criminal damage to Sopwell ruins
