```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft in The Common, Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following theft in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-in-Hatfield-2101MD
```

* ### At 5.30pm on Wednesday, November 7, a 66 year old woman had her bag stolen as she got into her vehicle in The Common.

 * ### The offender is described as a young male, about 5ft 8in tall and of average build. He was wearing dark clothing including a hoodie with the hood up.

 * ### If you can help, contact PC Sarah Lane on the non-emergency number 101 or at _sarah.lane@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/53905/18

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft in The Common, Hatfield.

At 5.30pm on Wednesday, November 7, a 66 year old woman had her bag stolen as she got into her vehicle. The offender made off on foot down an alleyway that runs alongside the Trades and Labour Club towards Stockbreach Road.

The offender is described as a young male, about 5ft 8in tall and of average build. He was wearing dark clothing including a hoodie with the hood up.

The victim's bag is by Cath Kidston and has a blue and white polka dot pattern. Her bag contained a matching purse with her bank card and this has been used since it was taken. Other items that were in the stolen bag include a Nokia smart phone in a red case, a diary and keys.

PC Sarah Lane, who is investigating, said: "It's understood that there were people in the area at the time who may have seen what happened so I am urging those members of the public to get in touch.

"Similarly, I would like to hear from anyone who might have caught what happened or caught the offender on their dash cam or on CCTV.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101, or email me at sarah.lane@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/53905/18."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
