```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged GBH in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following an alleged GBH in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-alleged-gbh-in-hatfield-2450b
```

* ### At around 11am on Friday, January 25, a verbal altercation ensued between two men while they were in a black Mercedes 220 in High Dells.

 * ### This is reported to have resulted in the victim, a 30 year old man, being assaulted.

 * ### Any witnesses, or anyone with other information, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/8250/19.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged GBH in Hatfield.

At around 11am on Friday, January 25, a verbal altercation ensued between two men while they were in a black Mercedes 220 in High Dells.

This is reported to have resulted in the victim, a 30 year old man, being assaulted. It is alleged that he was hit with a glass bottle, causing a fracture to his skull and a cut to his forehead.

The offender then made off on foot in an unknown direction.

Officers are appealing for any witnesses to get in touch. In particular, it is believed that there were a number of students in the area at the time who might have seen what happened and officers would like them to get in contact if they can help.

Any witnesses, or anyone with other information, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/8250/19.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 22 year old man from Stanmore has been arrested on suspicion of GBH. He has been bailed to Tuesday, February 19.
