```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team will be visiting homes and meeting residents as part of the first Safer Streets event to be held in the town.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2019
title: Safer Streets Scheme to launch in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/safer-streets-scheme-to-launch-in-tring-2451d
```

* ### The Safer Streets Scheme is launching in Tring.

 * ### It involves police, the fire service, local residents' associations, councillors, housing associations and the local council coming together to meet with local people.

 * ### Officers and partners will be knocking on doors and meeting with residents on Saturday, February 16.

 * ### It's an opportunity for people to meet their neighbourhood officers and discuss any concerns they may have.

Officers from the Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team will be visiting homes and meeting residents as part of the first Safer Streets event to be held in the town.

The Safer Streets project is a collaborative initiative involving police, the fire service, local residents' associations, councillors, housing associations and the local council.

On Saturday, February 16, police officers, PCSOs, Volunteer Police Cadets, Neighbourhood Watch volunteers, colleagues from the fire service and Dacorum Borough Council will be knocking on doors to speak to residents about any issues they may have and will also be offering crime prevention advice.

PCSO Jake Smith said: "We've organised this event following feedback from the local community. It's a great opportunity to meet with local residents so that they can put names to our faces, talk through any concerns they may have, receive crime prevention advice and find out more about OWL (Online Watch Link), the Constabulary's free online messaging service which sends people email alerts about crimes in their area.

"We'll also be using this as an opportunity to build our database of residents who have CCTV and doorbell cameras as the footage these capture can often be vital in helping us to identify and arrest offenders.

"You can expect to see us in the Roseberry Way, Kingsley Walk and Eight Acres areas between around 11am and 2pm on February 16. Please feel free to approach us to have a chat."

 * **You can find out more aboutOWL and sign up.**

*****************

Officers are also hosting a free tool marking event in Tring on Saturday, February 23.

People can get their tools security marked at the police station (access via Akeman Street) from 11am to 2pm.

Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell on. It also makes it easier to return items if they are ever lost or stolen and later recovered by police.

During the event, motorists will be able to get tamper-proof number plate screws fitted (provided the vehicle's number plates are already secured by screws).

If you would like to come along please confirm your attendance on the Dacorum Facebook page event entitled 'Crime Prevention Event - Tool Engraving/Number Plate Screws'. If you don't have access to Facebook just come along on the day.

If you are unable to attend but would like to arrange for your tools to be engraved or you have a large amount of tools that need engraving please email the Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team so that an alternative date and time can be arranged.

There will be a limited amount of parking available at the police station.
