```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Hitchin on Friday, February 22.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2019
title: Appeal following collision in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-hitchin-md2615
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Hitchin on Friday, February 22.

The collision was reported at 3.47am and happened on the A602, near to the junction with Ashbrook. One vehicle was involved - a silver Vauxhall Corsa Club - and the driver left the scene before police arrival.

It is believed the vehicle was travelling from the direction of Stevenage towards Hitchin and has driven across the central island, damaging an illuminated keep left sign. It is thought the vehicle may have turned over a number of time before landing on its roof in the embankment.

Two men were seen running away from the scene towards Hitchin. Officers supported by the dog unit searched the area for the two men but they were not located.

PC William Cox from the North Herts Intervention Team, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the collision or the events leading up to it to get in touch. Similarly, I would urge anyone who might have caught what happened on dash cam to make contact.

"The driver of the Vauxhall Corsa was not at the scene on arrival and we're particularly keen to trace this man and any passengers to check that they are ok.

"If you can help, please call 101 or email me at _william.cox@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting ISR 063 of February 22."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
