```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Borehamwood\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Team, attended a football tournament at Borehamwood FC in memory of a local man who was a victim of knife crime."
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2018
title: Local officers in community football tournament
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/local-officers-in-community-football-tournament-1878J
```

* ### Officers attended a football tournament at Borehamwood FC.

 * ### The event was held in memory of Josh Hanson who was tragically killed in a knife attack.

 * ### Over 40 knives were surrendered to police during the event.

Officers from Borehamwood's Safer Neighbourhood Team, attended a football tournament at Borehamwood FC in memory of a local man who was a victim of knife crime.

The officers attended the tournament on Saturday October 6, held in memory of Josh Hanson, who was the victim of a fatal knife related crime in Eastcote, London on 11 October 2015.

A knife deposit bin was provided by the Safer Neighbourhood Team to encourage people to surrender weapons and crime prevention advice was also provided during the day. Forty seven knives were handed in and were safely disposed of in just three hours.

Chief Inspector for Hertsmere, Steve O'Keeffe, said: "We wanted to take part in this event to help mark the tragic death of Josh and support the work of the Josh Hanson Trust. It was also an opportunity for us to speak to young people in the community about knife crime and give them the chance to surrender any knives, they should not have or do not want. Josh sadly lost his life in October 2015 as the result of a knife attack, but hopefully this event can help to prevent more young people from becoming involved in knife crime or being victims."
