```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A cannabis factory discovered in Letchworth Garden City with a potential annual crop worth \xA31.5million is the largest ever found in Hertfordshire."
publish:
  date: 19 Apr 2018
title: "Largest cannabis factory ever discovered in Hertfordshire \u2013 Letchworth Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/largest-cannabis-factory-ever-discovered-in-hertfordshire-letchworth-garden-city
```

* ### Largest ever cannabis factory uncovered in Hertfordshire had street value of £1.5million

 * ### Found on an industrial estate in Letchworth Garden City

 * ### One man and a teenage boy have been arrested and charged in connection

A cannabis factory discovered in Letchworth Garden City with a potential annual crop worth £1.5million is the largest ever found in Hertfordshire.

The factory, in a unit at Woodside Industrial Park, was discovered on Monday, April 16 after specialist officers from the Operation Support Group* acted on intelligence received from members of the public.

During the 24 hour operation, more than 1,300 plants were recovered from seven growing rooms which had been concealed behind false walls alongside a living area and drying room. They have since been destroyed.

Sergeant Richard Balderstone, from the Operational Support Group based at Hertford, said: "This is a great result and an excellent example of just how key the public are in helping us to tackle drug crime in the county.

"My team and I find it very satisfying to know we have prevented such a large amount of drugs from being sold on the streets.

 "If you have any information about the supply of drugs please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report-Shared/Report-a-crime.aspx _, or contact the independent crime fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at_www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

You can look out for the following signs of cannabis being grown in your community:

 * A strong and sickly sweet smell
 * Lighting and ventilation equipment being taken into the house
 * Windows always covered or blocked off
 * People coming and going at all hours or neighbours you never see
 * Strong and constant lighting at all hours
 * High levels of condensation
 * Constant buzz of ventilation equipment
 * Lots of power cables around the property
 * * Ba-van Nguyen, aged 20, of no fixed address, was arrested and charged with being concerned in the production of a controlled drug. A 16-year-old boy was also arrested and charged with being concerned in the production of a controlled drug. They were remanded in custody to appear at Stevenage Magistrates' Court today (Thursday, April 19).
