```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are re-appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace William Taylor on the two-month anniversary of him going missing."
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2018
title: Missing William Taylor - Two month anniversary appeal
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Missing-William-Taylor-Two-month-anniversary-appeal-0607MD
```

* ### William Taylor was last seen at his home in Gosmore, North Herts, two months ago

 * ### Officers are re-appealing for the public's help in finding him

 * ### If you have information on his whereabouts please call 101. For immediate sightings, call 999.

Police are re-appealing for the public's help to trace William Taylor on the two-month anniversary of him going missing.

William 'Bill' Taylor was last seen at around 9pm on Sunday June 3 at his home in Gosmore, North Hertfordshire.

Since going missing, he has turned 70 years old - a milestone birthday that he has not been able to celebrate with his family.

North Hertfordshire Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley said: "We are continuing to search the farmland surrounding William's property and extensive enquiries are being carried out to try and find William.

"It's been two months since he was last seen and his family are extremely concerned. I would like to re-appeal to the public to continue contacting us with reports of any sightings or information that might help us find William.

"In particular, we would like to hear from anyone who might have seen or spoken to William in the months leading up to him going missing.

"If you spoke to him, how did he seem? Did he mention any new hobbies or interests? Did he speak about any places he was intending to visit?

"Please don't hesitate to get in touch if you had contact with William prior to him going missing, and believe that you've got information that might help us.

"Any information, no matter how insignificant it might seem, could help us understand more about William's lifestyle and wellbeing before he was reported missing, and this could help us to find him."

William is described as white and around 5ft 11in tall. He is of a medium build and has short grey hair. He was last seen wearing a baby blue-coloured shirt, jeans and black wellies. It is believed that William may be wearing a navy blue boiler suit.

Anyone who has seen William since he went missing, or has information that might help officers find him, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101. For immediate sightings, please call 999 straight away.

You can also report information, including sightings, on the public portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/824

William Taylor
