```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirty-six-year-old Matthew Brooks was given a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) by St Albans Magistrates on Tuesday (September 8th) for ongoing abusive behaviour fuelled by alcohol.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2020
title: Man given a Criminal Behaviour Order for ongoing anti-social behaviour in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-given-a-criminal-behaviour-order-for-ongoing-anti-social-behaviour-in-st-albans-0604f
```

* ## Matthew Brooks, aged 36, from Colney Heath, has been given a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order.

 * ## He pleaded guilty to breaching his Community Protection Notice following abusive behaviour in St Albans city centre.

 * ## If he breaches any of the CBO conditions, Brooks will be arrested.

Thirty-six-year-old Matthew Brooks was given a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) by St Albans Magistrates on Tuesday (September 8th) for ongoing abusive behaviour fuelled by alcohol.

Brooks, from Cutmore Drive in Colney Heath, pleaded guilty to breaching his Community Protection Notice (CPN) which was issued after he breached his Community Protection warning (CPW).

Sergeant Mike Saunders from the Community Safety Unit explained: "Despite issuing Brooks with a CPW, and later a CPN, Brooks continued to come to our notice on seven separate occasions between February and July causing anti-social behaviour in St Albans city centre and in shops whilst he was drunk.

"Such behaviour will not be tolerated and therefore, for the safety of members of the public, including police officers and paramedics, the police and CPS applied for a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) under Section 22 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. If he breaches the CBO conditions, he will be arrested."

Under the CBO, Brooks must:

 1. Not to be intoxicated within the Public Space Protection Order (PSPO) area of St Albans (area map of alcohol exclusion zone pictured).
 2. Not to be in possession of an open vessel of alcohol within the PSPO area of St Albans.
 3. Not to be rude or abusive or act in a disorderly or aggressive manner towards any person in Hertfordshire.
 4. Not to enter any premises or businesses whilst intoxicated or act in a disorderly or aggressive manner in St Albans.

One of the breaches was on Sunday 14 June, when Brooks went to the post office in High Street and attempted to buy alcohol whilst intoxicated. When the shopkeeper refused, he became verbally abusive, shouting and swearing. When he left the store, he was aggressive towards a member of the public as well as a police officer, breaching his CPN conditions.

On Monday 9 March, Brooks started shouting at a member of the public and became aggressive whilst intoxicated.

Simran Chana from the Police's Community Safety Unit said: "Brooks' behaviour has caused members of the public, shop staff and the emergency services alarm and distress and on occasions, fearing their own personal safety. Businesses have also been affected by his aggressive behaviour. As part of his sentence for breaching the CPN, the court imposed a Community Order that will try to address his alcohol dependency."

Sergeant Saunders added: "I would urge any residents who believe they are witnessing Brooks breaching his conditions detailed above to not approach him but instead contact us with the details."

You can contact police by reporting information online, speaking to an operator via online web chat here or calling non-emergency number 101.
