```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police carried out a series warrants yesterday (Wednesday 21 October) at addresses in Watford, Hertsmere, St Albans, Three Rivers and London in a large operation targeting organised crime groups.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Twelve arrested in operation targeting organised drug network
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/twelve-arrested-in-operation-targeting-organised-drug-network-0772
```

* ### 12 arrested in drug operation at addresses across the county

 * ### Nine charged in connection with drug offences

 * ### Operation was conducted to target organised drug gangs

Police carried out a series warrants yesterday (Wednesday 21 October) at addresses in Watford, Hertsmere, St Albans, Three Rivers and London in a large operation targeting organised crime groups.

Officers from the dedicated Hertfordshire Organised Crime Team, supported by local policing teams, the Eastern Regional Special Operations Unit and the Joint Protective Services Dogs Unit, searched sixteen addresses, recovering thousands of pounds of cash and quantities of drugs.

MP for Watford Dean Russell also joined officers for the operation, to see first-hand the work being done to dismantle criminal gangs in the county.

Nine people were charged with conspiracy to supply class A drugs during the operation and remanded:

 * Scot Wells, 41, of Radlett Road, Frogmore
 * Adam Mayling, 39, of Hempstead Court, Watford
 * Wayne Everitt, 35, of Grovelands, Park Street, St Albans
 * Mark Gallagher, 36, of Ashbourne Court, St Albans
 * Gary Pearce, 63, of Farrington Avenue, Bushey
 * Ifraz Khan, 35, of Howland Garth, St Albans
 * Adam Iron, 39, of High Street, Watford
 * Jason Walton-Whitlock, 30, of Loch Crescent, Edgware
 * Jamal George, 27, of Broad Walk, London N21

A further three people were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A drugs and released whilst investigations continue:

 * A 46-year-old man from Colney Heath
 * A 26-year-old man from Rickmansworth
 * A 63-year-old woman from Bushey

Detective Superintendent of the Serious and Organised Crime Command, Matt Thompson, who leads Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Relentless, said: "This operation follows a long-term investigation, running for more than a year, involving more than 140 officers and support staff, targeting a large organised crime gang operating across the county and into London.

"Organised crime groups use violence, supply drugs and commit a whole range of crimes that pose a real threat to the community. Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

MP for Watford, Dean Russell, said: "I was extremely pleased to join Watford Police in the early hours to witness one of their operations to strike at the very heart of organised crime in the area. Hertfordshire Constabulary Operation Relentless team are leading efforts to make Watford and the surrounding areas an unsafe place for criminals. All Watford residents are indebted to our courageous, dedicated and highly professional police officers. They are public servants who day in day out keep us safe- delivering justice and protecting communities. Joining this morning's raid showed the impressive organisational and technical capabilities of our local police force in combatting organised crime. Our local police have my full support in tackling crime across Watford and ensuring our town is safe for all."

You can report information about a crime online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. You also call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

** ** **Help and support for those with drug addiction:**

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00 or visiting.

**What is County Lines?**

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.

**What is Cuckooing?**

Cuckooing is the term used when gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of vulnerable adults by force or coercion.

How to spot the signs that cuckooing might be happening in your neighbourhood:

 * Lots of different people coming and going from an address during the day and at night.
 * Suspicious smells coming from the property.
 * Windows covered or curtains closed all of the time.
 * Cars pulling up to or near to the house for a short period of time.
 * An increase in anti-social behaviour around the property.

Chief Inspector for Watford Ian Grout (L) with Watford MP Dean Russell (R).

Officers entering and address in Watford.
