```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are continuing to investigate reports of an indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford and are appealing for information and witnesses."
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2018
title: "Appeal following indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-indecent-exposure-in-Bishops-Stortford-2011
```

Police are continuing to investigate reports of an indecent exposure in Bishop's Stortford and are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at around 12.50pm on Wednesday, October 24 in Southern Country Park off St James Way. Two teenage girls saw a naked man, who was touching himself inappropriately. He was described as wearing a white mask on his face.

Detective Constable Caroline Smith, who is investigating, said: "The two girls ran away from the man and told the first adult they came across.

"Officers attended and carried out a search of the area but the offender was not located.

"Our investigation is on-going and we're following up several lines of enquiry but I'd also like to hear from any members of the public who were in the area at the time and believe they may have seen the man. Any information, no matter how small it may seem, could help our investigation.

"While this is on-going we have increased proactive patrols of the park and I would urge people to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to police. If a crime is in progress always dial 999 so that we can get officers to you as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Smith by emailing caroline.smith@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/49934/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
