```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released images of suspected stolen jewellery, recovered in Welwyn Garden City, in a bid to trace its owner.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2018
title: "Suspected stolen jewellery \u2013 is this yours?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspected-stolen-jewellery-is-this-yours-1777B
```

* ### The items were recovered during an arrest in Panshanger on Thursday, September 6.

 * ### They are suspected to have been stolen from the Welwyn Hatfield area.

 * ### If you believe it is yours, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/34341/18 or email david.lancaster@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers have released images of suspected stolen jewellery, recovered in Welwyn Garden City, in a bid to trace its owner.

The items were recovered during an arrest in Panshanger on Thursday, September 6.

DC David Lancaster, who is investigating, said: 'Do you recognise this jewellery?

"We believe that it may have been stolen from the Welwyn Hatfield area and we are keen to reunite the jewellery with its rightful owners.

"If you believe this is your jewellery or know who it belongs to, please call me on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/34341/18 or email."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 34 year old man from Welwyn Garden City has been arrested on suspicion of acquisition, use and possession of criminal property. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
