```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in South Oxhey are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2020
title: Witness appeal following a robbery in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-a-robbery-in-south-oxhey-0149
```

* ### Three teenage boys stole a bike from a 13 year old boy in South Oxhey

 * ### It happened on Prestwick Road, opposite Ashridge Drive, at 4pm on Friday 15 May

 * ### If you have any information that could assist police, please get in touch quoting reference 41/38124/20

Detectives investigating a robbery in South Oxhey are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Prestwick Road, opposite Ashridge Drive, at approximately 4pm on Friday 15 May.

The victim, a 13 year old boy, was riding his bike - which has a distinctive grey and fluorescent yellow frame - when he was approached from behind by three teenage boys.

They pulled him off his bike and onto the ground before one of the suspects cycled away in the direction of the shops on The Parade, with the other two following.

The first suspect had curly blond hair and wore a black Nike tracksuit with distinctive Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit trainers.

The second suspect had straight blond hair and wore a green jacket with black jeans.

The third suspect was of slim build with short light brown hair and a fringe. He wore a navy blue tracksuit.

All three were white and approximately 5ft 10in tall.

Detective Constable Nicola Simons, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not injured during the robbery but it was an understandably alarming incident for him. The bike has since been recovered however we are carrying out a number of enquiries into the circumstances of the robbery.

"We would be very keen to hear from anyone who witnessed what happened, or saw three teenage boys in the area on the date mentioned with a bike matching the description.

"Were you driving along Prestwick Road at the time? Do you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? If so, please check if you have captured anything of significance and get in touch if you think you could help."

You can email DC Simons at nicola.simons2@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/38124/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
