```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Cash, drugs and mobile phones were seized after officers executed simultaneous drugs warrants in Mill End and South Oxhey this morning (Thursday 21 November).
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Four drugs warrants executed at properties across Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-drugs-warrants-executed-at-properties-across-three-rivers-1059c
```

* ## High-visibility action after officers forced entry to four addresses across the district this morning (21 November).

 * ## This was in response to intelligence to suggest there was drug dealing activity in the community.

 * ## A woman was reported for possession of a Class B drug and a 15-year-old boy is helping police with their enquiries.

Cash, drugs and mobile phones were seized after officers executed simultaneous drugs warrants in Mill End and South Oxhey this morning (Thursday 21 November).

Officers forced entry to three addresses in Swannells Walk, Mill End, and one address in Markeston Green, South Oxhey at 6.45am.

The warrants were executed under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence (PACE) Act and Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act respectively.

The morning of high-visibility action was conducted by officers from the Operation Scorpion team, supported by colleagues from Safer Neighbourhood Teams in Rickmansworth, South Oxhey and Abbots Langley, plus officers from the Operational Support Group.

A quantity of suspected cannabis was recovered from two of the addresses in Swannells Walk.

A large quantity of cash, suspected cannabis and mobile phones were seized from one of the Swannells Walk addresses and the Markeston Green address.

A 15-year-old boy from Mill End is currently helping police with their enquiries.

A 33-year-old woman from Mill End has been reported for possession of a suspected Class B drug.

Operation Scorpion PC Iain Rosser, who led the operation, said: "Today's series of warrants are a prime example of the robust action we can and will take if we receive information to suggest there is drug dealing activity in your community.

"Before taking proactive steps we gather as much intelligence as possible, however we never know exactly what is behind a closed door until we force entry. On this occasion, we have been able to remove suspected Class B drugs from the street and disrupt criminal activity.

"We hope today's high-visibility action provides reassurance to residents because drug crime can have a hugely detrimental effect on local communities, as it is often a pre-cursor to more violent and acquisitive crime.

"If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please report it to us so we can build an intelligence picture that enables us to take the appropriate steps to tackle it."

You can report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
