```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: New Harpenden and rural Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Essam is keen to tackle crime in the rural areas around the town, as well as dealing with speeding, anti-social behaviour and executing drug warrants.
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2020
title: Meet your new Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-new-harpenden-safer-neighbourhood-sergeant-0825f
```

* ## The new Harpenden and rural Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant wants to tackle crime in the rural areas around the town, as well as speeding, anti-social behaviour.

 * ## He is based at Harpenden police station with his team, who are still out and about wearing PPE and social distancing.

 * ## You can follow the team on Facebook and Twitter @StAlbansPolice.

New Harpenden and rural Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Essam is keen to tackle crime in the rural areas around the town, as well as dealing with speeding, anti-social behaviour and executing drug warrants.

Sergeant Essam, took on the role of heading up the Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) five weeks ago. He is responsible for six police officers and seven PCSOs and is based at Harpenden police station.

He said: "My officers continue to deal with the issues that you have raised, as well as proactively tackling problems to keep our communities safer. Obviously in light of the Covid-19 pandemic, we have had to adapt the way we work, but please be reassured we are still out and about across the area, which includes the villages of Wheathampstead and Redbourn, wearing PPE and maintaining social distancing as much as possible.

"Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter @StAlbansPolice. You can also use our webchat facility or call 101. In an emergency, always call 999."

Sergeant Essam has lots of proactive experience having spent most of his 14-year career as an intervention officer, including two years in St Albans. He was promoted to Intervention Sergeant in 2018.

He continued: "I'm really enjoying getting involved in long term problem-solving with other agencies, like Harpenden Town and St Albans City and District Councils, and getting to the root cause of the issue.

"I have an excellent team of dedicated SNT officers who want to be out patrolling and being proactive dealing with anti-social behaviour and crime. My aim is to provide a visible police presence and I particularly want to deal with rural crime issues. I have a smallholding with horses, goats and chickens and understand the frustrations and problems facing our rural communities. I will also support prosecutions for fly-tipping, which is one of our neighbourhood priorities."

The three current neighbourhood priorities for _Harpenden and rural_ , which were agreed last month, are:

_Fly-tipping_ across the area - this is an ongoing issue working with farmers and landowners, and the council, to deal with fly-tipping alongside other rural crime.

_Anti-social behaviour at Rothamsted Park,_ which includes people hanging around smoking cannabis and drinking. We are working with the local council and partner agencies. Numerous arrests and police warnings have been made for drug offences.

_Inconsiderate parking and causing an obstruction_ at school drop-off and pick up times. We are reminding parents to allow enough time to park further away from the school for the safety of all children. After an initial warning, we will issue a TOR (traffic offence report) which could lead to a £100 fine and we will consider towing cars that are causing an obstruction.

He added: "Whilst Harpenden is a desirable place to live and a relatively low crime area, vehicle crime continues to be a problem. Thefts often happen when owners don't lock their vehicles. This is easily avoidable by simply locking your vehicles and removing all valuables. Let us know on 101 if you see anyone acting suspiciously."

Sergeant Essam always wanted to serve the public following in the footsteps of his father who was in the army and his grandfather who was in the Royal Air Force. He joined Hertfordshire Constabulary aged 20. He was nominated for Officer of the Year in 2017 and has received numerous awards of recognition for going above and beyond.

One of the most memorable jobs during his career was an aggravated burglary that happened in Welwyn Garden City, involving a woman aged in her 70s. She received burn injuries after being pushed down the stairs. Sergeant Essam helped arrest the man responsible. He said: "I helped her through a dark period and she was very grateful. Her son also thanked me. That's what this job is about - helping people during difficult times as well as helping to prevent crimes happening in the first place. One of the best ways to do this is to join the Online Watch Link (OWL) where you will receive local, relevant emails about burglaries, missing people and scams with useful crime prevention advice."

Sergeant Essam is married with a child and lives in Hertfordshire. In his spare time, he enjoys playing football, rugby, going to the gym and looking after his animals.

 Join OWL (opens in a new window).

You can follow the team on Facebook and Twitter **@StAlbansPolice**.

We also have our community voice platform 'echo', which you can use to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Visit St Albans echo and tell us your thoughts. All feedback is completely anonymous, but please try to be specific if you are referring to a certain area.

If a crime is in progress, call 999. You can also report online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
