```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Sergeant Ian Smith transferred to Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2014 and he\u2019s never looked back."
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2018
title: "Are you looking to transfer? We\u2019re currently recruiting PC and DC transferees"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/are-you-looking-to-transfer-were-currently-recruiting-pc-and-dc-transferees-ALL
```

Sergeant Ian Smith transferred to Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2014 and he's never looked back.

We're currently recruiting for PC and DC transferees, as well as police officers. Why not join us? You can find out more about the process of transferring and the current opportunities within Hertfordshire Constabulary

Ian is currently a Sergeant leading the intervention team, which respond to emergency calls. Speaking about his reasons for transferring, Ian said: " _I looked into transferring to Hertfordshire in 2014 whilst serving as a PC with another force. Due to where I was living, the opportunities in that force were limited to me, and I was also feeling unhappy and unsupported in that force at the time. I had heard good things about Hertfordshire from friends who were serving there."_

Reflecting on the process of transferring, he added: _" I found the process very easy; I spoke with a HR advisor initially for some information, who was very helpful and advised me on the timescale of the application process, and answered my questions and queries quickly. I then attended my interview at Hertford, with the Chief Inspector and Inspector. I was extremely nervous but they put me at ease immediately, which helped to relax me, and this certainly had an impact on my performance in the interview._

_" I was asked what my intentions and aspirations were in the police, and I stated that I was considering sitting the Sergeants' exam to try for promotion, and he then informed me of upcoming workshops that he was running to assist officers in this position. I was extremely impressed that he took the opportunity to show an interest in me, and it made the whole process feel a lot more personal._

_" Since joining Hertfordshire, I have been very impressed with the way the force works. Shortly after joining, I was assaulted on duty, and the following morning received a call from the Assistant Chief Constable, enquiring into my welfare. I was absolutely shocked by this level of care and interest by the Senior Management Team, and thought it was a lovely thing to do. _

_" I have found my line managers to be extremely supportive and they have given me real direction. I took and passed the OSPRE Part 1 exam in 2017 with the highest mark in the force, and following a period of acting in Summer 2017, I passed the promotion process in February 2018 with the highest pass mark. _

_" All police forces are under pressure due to the austerity cuts, but I feel Hertfordshire are managing these very well; still introducing new, innovative measures to assist frontline officers such as the Mental Health Triage Team*, and the Locate Team, which is a dedicated unit that assists frontline officers with tracing missing people. Being a smaller force as well, you get to know a lot of people very quickly, which is very personable, and helps you to feel you are not just a number. I would certainly recommend transferring to Hertfordshire."_

*The Mental Health Triage Team is a vehicle crewed by a mental health clinician and a response trained police officer, which attends incidents where mental health is a factor. The clinician provides qualified, professional guidance on how to effectively help the person in crisis.
