```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Stevenage and North Herts Operation Scorpion Teams, along with Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood officers, executed a warrant at an address in Homestead Moat yesterday (Thursday 28 November).
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2019
title: Drugs warrant executed in Homestead Moat
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-warrant-executed-in-homestead-moat-1100e
```

* ## The warrant was executed at an address in Homestead Moat.

 * ## A quantity of suspected Class A and B drugs were seized.

 * ## Two people were arrested and enquiries are continuing.

Officers from the Stevenage and North Herts Operation Scorpion Teams, along with Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood officers, executed a warrant at an address in Homestead Moat yesterday (Thursday 28 November).

Following numerous complaints from the local community, officers forced entry to the address at around 7.30am and carried out an extensive search. A quantity of suspected Class A and B drugs were seized.

A 56 year man old man from Stevenage was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs and a 35 year old woman, also from Stevenage, was arrested on suspicion of being in possession with intent to supply a controlled drug.

Both have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Commenting on the operation, Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "The warrant was part of our continued commitment to tackle those involved in the supply of drugs. We recognise the impact this activity has on the local community and will utilise a full range of policing tactics to target those we believe to be involved in criminal activity.

"We will continue to work with partners and the local community to gather intelligence and provide reassurance."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this or any other area please contact me on 101 or report online. .

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
