```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision on the hard shoulder of the northbound M1, near Watford this morning (November 25).
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2017
title: Did you see collision on the M1 near Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-see-collision-on-the-M1-near-Watford-1213C
```

* ### Teenage woman critical in road traffic collision on M1.

 * ### Two other teenage women seriously injured.

 * ### Did you witness the collision northbound on M1 during the early hours of Saturday morning?

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision on the hard shoulder of the northbound M1, near Watford on Saturday morning (November 25).

At 4.30am, a blue Renault Twingo, was parked on the hard shoulder near junction 5 when a silver 4x4 vehicle, travelling northbound, collided with the back of the Twingo. One of the rear seat passengers - a 19-year-old girl from Barnet - who was trapped in the car, sustained serious injuries and remains in a critical condition in hospital.

Three other women were travelling in the Twingo. Two women were thrown from the vehicle - a 19-year-old woman from St Albans and a 19-year-old from Barnet. The fourth passenger - a 19-year-old woman from Barnet - was not in the car at the time of the collision and was uninjured.

Sergeant Ian Manley from the Road Policing Unit said: "A 19-year-old girl is fighting for her life in hospital and two other young people are being treated for serious injuries. We are appealing for any witnesses to the collision or anyone who saw the Twingo or 4x4 vehicle prior to the collision to get in touch with us so that we can establish exactly what has happened."

A 28-year-old man from Basildon has been arrested in connection with the collision and remains in police custody at this time.

All three lanes of the M1 northbound were closed until 10am on Saturday.
