```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an attempted robbery and a theft from a shop in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2018
title: "Appeal following attempted robbery and theft from shop \u2013 Hitchin"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-and-theft-from-shop-hitchin-0495
```

* ### Did you witness any suspicious activity in Hitchin town centre today (July 9)?

 * ### Two men stole items from the O2 shop in Market Place just before 12.30pm

 * ### They ran off in the direction of Brand Street - please call 101 quoting ISR 382 of July 9 if you have any information

Officers investigating an attempted robbery and a theft from a shop in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at both the Vodafone and the O2 phone shops in Market Place just before 12.30pm today (Monday, July 9).

It is reported that two men first entered the Vodafone shop and attempted to take a number of items but left empty-handed.

They then made their way into the O2 shop and disconnected a number of items from the display units before making off towards the direction of Brand Street.

As they left the scene, two town rangers attempted to stop them and there was a physical altercation before the offenders got away.

One of the offenders was reported to be white, around 5ft 8in and was wearing a blue top and jeans. He was unshaven. The other man was wearing black clothing and both men were wearing scarves that partially covered their faces.

Sergeant Will Ainsworth, who is investigating, said: "I'd like to thank the town rangers who did their best to apprehend the offenders. Thankfully, neither of them were injured.

"Were you in Hitchin town centre around the time stated? Did you see two men running from the area, the physical altercation with the town rangers or any other suspicious activity?

"Any information at all, even if you think it is not relevant, could be absolutely vital in progressing our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to email Sergeant Ainsworth on william.ainsworth@herts.pnn.police.uk, report online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 382 of July 9.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
