```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision on the A1 Barnet bypass yesterday (Monday 3 August).
publish:
  date: 4 Aug 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal road traffic collision on the A1 Barnet Bypass
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-on-the-a1-barnet-bypass-0454J
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a fatal road traffic collision on the southbound A1 Barnet Bypass at Borehamwood.

 * ### The incident occurred on Monday 3 August around 8.30pm.

 * ### Call 101 quoting Op Orenda if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision on the A1 Barnet bypass yesterday (Monday 3 August).

The incident took place just before 8.30pm on the southbound carriageway near Borehamwood.

The rider of a white Honda motorcycle was in collision with a white DAF refrigerated lorry.

Officers and paramedics from the East of England Ambulance Service attended but sadly the rider, a man in his 30s, died at the scene. His next of kin have been informed.

The driver of the lorry, also a man, was uninjured and remained at the scene.

Sergeant Russ Jones, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the victim's family and friends at this difficult time.

"We are appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, and has not already been in contact, to get in touch to assist with our investigation.

"Likewise, if you have dash cam footage which shows the incident or events leading up to it we'd like to hear from you.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at russell.jones2@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference **Op Orenda**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
