```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A team of Hertfordshire Constabulary detectives has won a prestigious national award for their work uncovering a global paedophile ring.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2018
title: Herts detectives win national award for paedophile ring investigation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Herts-detectives-win-national-award-for-paedophile-ring-investigation-1905
```

* ### Child Online Safeguarding Team win national award for paedophile investigation ring

 * ### Operation Pendent resulted in five men jailed and more than 150 suspects identified across the world

 * ### This is "an outstanding investigation" - Chief Constable Charlie Hall

A team of Hertfordshire Constabulary detectives has won a prestigious national award for their work uncovering a global paedophile ring.

The Police Federation's National Detectives' Forum (PFNDF) awarded the officers their 'Detective Investigation of the Year' award at a ceremony held in Manchester last night (October 11).

The recognition was in honour of Operation Pendent, an investigation centring on a ring of paedophiles sharing and live streaming sexual abuse against children.

It was the largest and most complex investigation ever undertaken by the Force's Child Online Safeguarding Team (COST).

Their work resulted in more than 150 suspects across the world being identified and five men being jailed last December. Ringleader Michael Emerton, aged 34 and formerly of Berkhamsted, received nine life sentences for his role in the abuse.

Hertfordshire Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "This has been an outstanding investigation and I am delighted and proud that in making this award the PFNDF has recognised the hard work and dedication of our officers in disrupting this international paedophile ring.

"We know innocent children have been protected from the most horrific abuse imaginable, both in this country and abroad, as a direct result of their work."

Privacy laws in the USA represented a significant barrier to obtaining information from the social media and dating app companies. However the team worked with the American Embassy to overcome them.

In one instance intelligence obtained in Hertfordshire was shared with the authorities in the US about a potential offender in their country. The intelligence suggested there was an immediate risk of harm to a potential victim. The suspect was detained in custody by American authorities within 48 hours of the evidence of offending being discovered in the UK.

Detective Chief Inspector Dee Perkins is the Constabulary's Head of Protecting Vulnerable Children and was one of the team honoured at the awards.

She said: "Operation Pendent was an extensive inquiry which resulted in the sharing of intelligence with more than 50 other law enforcement agencies around the world. We continue to investigate these crimes and work towards bringing more offenders to justice in connection with this case.

"I would also like to pay tribute to the professionalism and dedication of my officers who worked incredibly hard to bring offenders to justice and stop the abuse of children."

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Child Online Safeguarding Team
