```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Hertford are appealing for two women who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2019
title: Robbery in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-hertford-0838a
```

* ### A man aged in his 40s was approached by two men after parking in Bramfield Lane.

 * ### They assaulted him and stole his wallet and mobile phone.

 * ### Detectives are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Hertford are appealing for two women who may have witnessed the incident to come forward.

The incident occurred in Bramfield Road, between 7.30am and 7.45am yesterday (Monday 30 September).

A man aged in his 40s was getting out of his vehicle when he was approached by two men, one of whom asked if they could borrow his mobile phone. When the victim asked what he wanted to use it for, the two men began assaulting him. They then stole his phone and wallet and made off in separate directions. The victim's phone was recovered a short time later in some bushes in Bullsmill Lane.

The victim suffered grazing and bruising to his face and lacerations to his stomach, although it is not known how these injuries were caused.

One of the suspects is described as white, aged between 18 and 20, around 6ft tall and of skinny build. He was wearing a baseball cap with a flat peak, which had writing or an emblem on the front, bright white trainers, light coloured jeans or bottoms and a dark coloured top with long sleeves.

The second suspect is described as white, aged between 18 and 20, around 6ft tall, of skinny build, with dark medium length hair. He was wearing a light grey tracksuit.

One of the suspects was also wearing gloves but the victim cannot be sure which.

Detective Sergeant Sam Alcock from the Hertford Local Crime Unit said: "Thankfully the victim was not more seriously injured during the incident but he has understandably been left shaken by the ordeal.

"Shortly after the incident, the victim approached two women who were in the area and I am appealing for them to come forward, as they may have information which could assist enquiries and help us to identify the suspects.

"I would also like to hear from anyone else who may have information which could prove useful to the investigation or who may have captured dash cam footage of the suspects."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/88529/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately. **

**
