```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in St Albans are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-st-albans-1275
```

* ### Detectives investigating an assault in St Albans are appealing for witnesses and information.

 * ### The incident happened on Friday 26 February, at around 10.45am.

 * ### A man was punched in the head, causing him to lose consciousness.

Detectives investigating an assault in St Albans are appealing for witnesses and information.

On Friday 26 February, at around 10.45am, a man was walking past Verulam golf course on London Road when he was approached by another man.

It was alleged that the man punched him in the head, causing the victim to fall to the floor and lose consciousness.

The offender then ran from the scene.

It is believed that both parties are known to each other.

Detective Constable Amy Tilson, who is investigating, said: "This was an unprovoked attack which took place in broad daylight, and we believe that several people would have witnessed the altercation.

"It was reported that several passers by assisted the victim immediately after. I would really like to speak to them, as they may be key witnesses and could have vital information to progress our investigation.

"If you have any information, please get in touch. Even something that may be relatively minor or insignificant could be key to our enquiries."

If you have any information, you can contact DC Tilson directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference number 41/14256/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in new window).

 * A 37-year-old man from St Albans was arrested in connection with the incident. He has since been released on bail with conditions.
