```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Year Six pupils at schools across Bushey, Radlett and Elstree have been taught vital life skills and how to keep themselves safe.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2017
title: Educating young people about safety in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Educating-young-people-about-safety-in-Hertsmere
```

* ### Children across Hertsmere learned new skills at the Crucial Crew Event

 * ### Officers were joined by representatives from Herts County Council, Hertsmere Borough Council, Hertfordshire Fire & Rescue and the Samaritans

 * ### The event covered cyber safety, first aid, road safety, rail safety, fire safety and vulnerable people

Officers from the _Borehamwood and Elstree_ and the _Bushey and Radlett_ Safer Neighbourhood Teams took part in the Crucial Crew event with colleagues from Hertfordshire County Council, Hertsmere Borough Council, Hertfordshire Fire & Rescue and the Samaritans during the first week of December, involving 14 schools and 310 pupils.

"We spoke to the pupils about cyber safety, including bullying and anti-social behaviour," said PCSO Callum Ellis. "The series of workshops were all focussed on safety and subjects ranged from the effects of anti-social behaviour and dangers in the home and environment to the perils of the railway. The 10 and 11-year-olds were already fairly knowledgeable and it was useful to speak to them about these important issues. It was also great that we could involve so many more schools this year. "

The other agencies covered first aid, road safety, rail safety, fire safety and the Samaritans spoke about the important work they do to help vulnerable people.

He added: "This type of scheme is extremely valuable for young students in our community and it provides them with the opportunity to learn personal safety skills in a fun way, which may not always be available to them within the national curriculum. They were also taught how to be safe around water, how to keep themselves safe at home and how to say no to peer pressure and drugs.

"The children got really involved in the scenarios and wanted to do it all again!"

The event was partly funded by Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership and Hertsmere Borough Council through their Ward Improvement Initiative Scheme (WIIS). Through the WIIS scheme, borough councillors have £500 per year to allocate to local worthy causes. For Crucial Crew, 13 borough councillors allocated a total of £650 towards the staging of the event. For more information about the WIIS scheme and now to apply for funding, visit www.hertsmere.gov.uk/WIIS
