```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have now located the family of a woman who was involved in a road traffic collision this morning (Friday 27 November).
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2020
title: 'Update: A10 serious collision'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Update-A10-serious-collision-0929
```

Officers have now located the family of a woman who was involved in a road traffic collision this morning (Friday 27 November).

Just before 4am the woman, who was walking along the A10 near Reed towards Buntingford, was involved in a collision with a van. The driver stopped at the scene and called the emergency services.

PC Neil Crosier from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Sadly, despite the best efforts of paramedics the woman, who is aged in her 70s, died at the scene.

"I would like to thank the members of the public who have helped us today to locate the woman's family so that we could tell them what had happened as soon as possible. They are being supported by specialist officers.

"Our investigation into the circumstances surrounding this collision is on-going and I would like to now appeal to anyone who may have been in the area around the time or saw the woman, who was walking her brown dog, prior to the collision to please get in touch. If you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle and believe you may have captured something that could help our enquiries please also contact me by emailing neil.crosier@herts.pnn.police.uk.

"The woman's pet dog - a brown terrier type dog named Holly - is still running loose and we are working to find her. If you see the dog please call 101, quoting ISR 48 of 27/11/20 or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
