```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are issuing a warning to anti-social bikers after thousands of pounds worth of damage was caused to a famer\u2019s field in Maple Cross."
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Police warning to bikers following damage to farmland in Maple Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-warning-to-bikers-following-damage-to-farmland-in-MapleCross-1600C
```

* ### Thousands of pounds worth of damage has been caused to farmland in Maple Cross.

 * ### Anyone caught riding illegally or anti-socially could end up having their bike seized.

 * ### If you witness this type of activity taking place, please report it to police.

Police are issuing a warning to anti-social bikers after thousands of pounds worth of damage was caused to a famer's field in Maple Cross.

Over the past two weeks there have been several incidents involving motocross bikes damaging land at Warren Farm, situated between junction 16 and 17 of the M25.

PC Christian Gottmann, from the Rickmansworth Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The damage has had a severe impact on the owner's livelihood. I want to stress that riding bikes across private farm land is illegal and anyone caught doing so will be dealt with robustly."

If you are caught riding illegally or anti-socially, police can issue a written 'section 59' warning under the Police Reform Act 2002. If you are caught again within the next 12 months, police have powers to seize your bike. If offenders do not subsequently reclaim their bikes and pay storage or recovery fees within a 14 day period, their vehicles can be crushed. Riders can also be reported for traffic offences.

"If you see anyone riding anti-socially, or have any information about who might be responsible for the damage, please contact police straight away," continued PC Gottmann. "Please try and get a good description of the rider and the colour of the helmet, if they are wearing one, and make a note of any registration numbers."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Rickmansworth Safer Neighbourhood Team on the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report. If you believe there is an immediate risk to members of the public, always dial 999.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
