```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a series of operations as part of a national week of action (May 13-17) against County Lines gang activity.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2019
title: Seven arrested as County Lines gang crime targeted during week of action
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/seven-arrested-as-county-lines-gang-crime-targeted-during-week-of-action-all
```

* ### Seven arrested during a week of action to tackle County Lines gang activity in Hertfordshire.

 * ### The operations were part of a national week of action targeting those involved in County Lines.

 * ### Arrests were made in Hemel Hempstead, Stevenage and Hertford.

Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a series of operations as part of a national week of action (May 13-17) against County Lines gang activity.

The Operation Mantis team executed warrants and conducted other activity targeting individuals that have links to organised crime and drug supply networks. The activities were supported by local policing teams, Scorpion units and officers from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit. The week of action was part of a national drive, led by the new National County Lines Co-ordination Centre, to disrupt and arrest those involved in County Lines.

On May 13, officers arrested a 21-year-old man of no fixed address and a 17 year old boy from Hemel Hempstead, on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. They were arrested at an address in Hemel Hempstead, which was the home of a vulnerable adult. It is believed that the address was being used by gang members for drug dealing purposes, which is commonly known as 'cuckooing'.

Two men were arrested in Stevenage on May 14, when a 33 year old man and a 22 year old man, both of no fixed address, were stopped in a BMW in the town and arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

On May 20 a 37 year old man from Peterborough was stopped in a vehicle and was arrested for possession with intent to supply class A drugs. On the same day officers received intelligence about another incident of cuckooing at an address in Hertford, where they arrested a 21 year old man and a 19 year old man, both from London, on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and assaulting the occupant of the address.

Detective Chief Inspector Tracy Pemberton from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis team, said: "Following on from our last week of action in January, we are working with our colleagues at local, regional and national level to identify and arrest those involved in gang and drug related crime.

"We joined police forces across the country taking part in the week of action to target those who are involved in County Lines activities. These criminals set up their operations in the homes of vulnerable people and bring violence, drugs and crime to local communities. Young and vulnerable people are often the ones who suffer the most, being drawn into criminal activities, drugs and even sexual exploitation.

"We have made a significant impact on the County Lines networks operating in Hertfordshire over the last year, significantly disrupting gang activities and seizing large quantities of drugs and cash during these operations.

"We continue to work with partners to raise awareness of County Lines among young people, parents, teachers and other members of the community to help protect the vulnerable and prevent them from being pulled into this kind of activity."

If you suspect that a property in your area is being used for criminal activity or you believe that someone you know is being exploited or coerced into crime, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online. If you are part of a gang or believe you are being coerced or exploited by criminal gang members you can get help and advice here, which provides non-judgemental advice and allows you to give information 100% anonymously.

 Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
