```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested and drugs were seized after officers carried out a warrant at an address in Watford.
publish:
  date: 17 Feb 2021
title: One arrested after police executed a warrant in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/one-arrested-after-police-executed-a-warrant-in-watford-1206c
```

* ## Police executed a warrant at an address in The Harebreaks on Friday 5 February.

 * ## A 19 year old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

 * ## Drugs paraphernalia and multiple mobile phones were seized by officers.

A man was arrested and drugs were seized after officers carried out a warrant at an address in Watford.

Officers from the Watford Outer Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), supported by colleagues from the Operation Scorpion Team, entered a property in The Harebreaks under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984.

They conducted a search of the property and discovered an amount of cannabis, multiple mobile phones and drugs paraphernalia, all of which were seized as part of the investigation.

A 19 year old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B drugs. He was released under investigation following the warrant which was executed just after 8am on Friday 5 February.

Sergeant Matt Langley, who leads the Watford Outer SNT, said: "This warrant was carried out as a direct result of intelligence to suggest that drug dealing was occurring at this address. Though we did not locate large amounts of cannabis on this occasion, we did find evidence that there was suspected illegal activity happening inside the property.

"We need to look at the bigger picture and proactive operations like this one are just one small part of the preventative work that we are doing to tackle drug dealing in Watford. One of our current policing priorities for Watford Outer is to combat overt drug dealing in parks and open spaces after we received feedback from local residents on echo, our community voice platform.

"I urge the public to keep reporting to us because the more information we get, the better intelligence picture we can build and the more robust action we can take."

Echo is a great way for police to maintain contact with the communities they serve and gather vital feedback to enable them to focus on the issues that are important to residents, and target resources where they are needed most.

Those living or working in Watford can submit anonymous feedback via the online form (opens in a new window) which is quick and easy to use.

When submitting their thoughts via echo residents should include as much detail as possible, such as which area they are referring to, by using road or ward names.

Please don't use echo to report a crime. To do that, you can use our online form, launch a web chat with an operator in the Force Communications Room at or call the non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately.
