```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an armed robbery in Harpenden today (Friday, February 16).
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2018
title: Armed robbery in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Armed-robbery-in-Harpenden-1643
```

* ### Witness appeal following robbery at Harpenden garage

 * ### Did you see man believed to be holding a handgun?

 * ### Please call 101 with any information

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an armed robbery in Harpenden today (Friday, February 16).

At 6.19am police were called to the Tesco Express garage in Lower Luton Road.

It was reported that a man had entered the garage demanding money. He took around £100 from a till before leaving.

He is described as a white male, approximately 5ft 10in tall and of slim build. He was wearing dark coloured clothing and gloves. He was carrying a black rucksack.

Detective Sergeant Adrian Lysak said: "It was reported that a man had entered the garage in possession of what is believed to be a handgun. Fortunately no one was injured as a result of the incident however it would have been very distressing for all concerned.

"I would urge anyone who witnessed what happened or saw anything suspicious in the area to contact us as soon as possible with information."

Anyone with information should contact the St Albans Local Crime Unit via the police non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 82 of February 16, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
