```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an aggravated burglary in Northwood are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Aggravated burglary in Northwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/aggravated-burglary-in-northwood-md2471
```

* **On Sunday, January 27 a property in Sandy Lane, Northwood was broken into while the two occupants were at home**

 * **The victim shouted at the two offenders and the pair ran off**

 * **Anyone who believes they saw the offenders or has information that could assist the investigation is asked to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/8871/19**

Officers investigating an aggravated burglary in Northwood are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to get in contact.

Between 5.20pm and 5.25pm on Sunday, January 27 a property in Sandy Lane was broken into.

Two offenders were heard gaining entry through the front door which was forced open. The victim - a woman aged in her 50s - then went to see what the noise was.

She shouted at the offenders and the pair ran off.

They were dressed in all black and wearing balaclavas, and were seen driving off in a silver BMW.

Detective Constable Paul Burton from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit said: "We are working hard to track down these offenders and while this work is on-going we have stepped up patrols in the area to provide reassurance to the local community.

"I would like to stress that this is an isolated incident and aggravated burglaries are very unusual in this area.

"The victim, who was not hurt during the incident, is being provided with support from officers."

Anyone who believes they saw the offenders or has information that could assist the investigation can contact DC Burton by emailing _paul.burton@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/8871/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
