```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Buntingford.
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2020
title: Attempted robbery in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-buntingford-1244a
```

* ## The incident occurred in High Street on the afternoon of January 3.

 * ## The suspect attempted to steal a bag from a teenage boy.

 * ## Several members of the public intervened.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Buntingford.

The incident occurred in the High Street, near the Crown Inn pub, sometime between 5.10pm and 5.40pm on Friday 3 January.

The victim, a 16-year-old boy, was waiting near the pub for a lift home. He was approached by an unknown male who struck him to the face, knocking him to the floor. He was then further assaulted as the suspect tried to steal his bag.

Several members of the public intervened and the offender fled empty handed. He left the area on a bus.

The suspect is described as white, aged in his late teens, around 6ft tall and was wearing a grey tracksuit.

Detective Constable Charlotte Slaney, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit said: "This was an unprovoked attack which saw several members of the public step forward to intervene.

"We are currently conducting a number of enquiries as part of our investigation, including capturing any potential CCTV evidence. We are also trying to trace anyone who witnessed what happened but hasn't yet spoken to police. If you have any information, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email DC Slaney.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/1095/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
