```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been found guilty of manslaughter following the death of a man in Watford.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2019
title: Watford teenager found guilty of manslaughter
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watford-teenager-found-guilty-of-manslaughter-2396c
```

* ### The teenager fatally stabbed 18-year-old Risaan Udayakumar at an address in Waford.

 * ### He was found guilty of manslaughter following a trial at St Albans Crown Court.

 * ### He is due to be sentenced at a later date.

A teenager has been found guilty of manslaughter following the death of a man in Watford.

The 17-year-old, who was 16 at the time of the incident and cannot be named for legal reasons, fatally stabbed 18-year-old Risaan Udayakumar back in the summer of 2018.

Shortly before 10pm on July 10, a member of the public alerted police to a disturbance at an address before trying to intervene.

He then discovered Risaan in the garage of the property, with multiple stab wounds. Risaan, from Wembley, was rushed to hospital but, sadly, nothing could be done to save him.

During the trial at St Albans Crown Court, the jury heard how the teen had become angry after discovering Risaan had come to visit his sister at their home and attacked him as he crouched in the corner of the garage.

The teenager was arrested at the scene and taken into custody before being charged with Risaan's murder.

He pleaded not guilty and, following the trial, the jury yesterday (Wednesday, January 16) returned a verdict of manslaughter due to loss of self-control.

Reports will now be prepared prior to sentencing at a later date.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins said: "This has been an extremely difficult and emotional time for Risaan's family and my thoughts remain with them. They have shown great dignity throughout as they continue to try and come to terms with what has happened. This is a tragic case which has affected many lives."
