```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a public order offence in Harpenden are releasing CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to in connection with the incident.
publish:
  date: 8 May 2018
title: CCTV Appeal following public order offence in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-public-order-offence-in-harpenden-0181F
```

* ### Do you recognise these men?

 * ### Officers would like to speak to them following a public order offence in Harpenden.

 * ### Two offenders blocked the road forcing a woman motorist to stop her car before one of the offenders attempted to open the passenger door and the other damaged the wing mirror.

Police investigating a public order offence in Harpenden are releasing CCTV images of two men they would like to speak to in connection with the incident.

Between 5.40am and 5.50am on Saturday, April 28, the victim - a 19 year old woman, was driving along St Albans Road (A1081) when two men stepped out into the road causing her to stop.

One of the offenders walked up to her car and repeatedly tried to open the passenger door. The victim attempted to drive on but had to stop again for the other offender who was in the middle of the road. He then kicked off her wing mirror causing it to smash. The victim then drove off.

Officers would like to speak to the men pictured as it is believed they were in the area at the time of the incident so may have information that is vital to the investigation.

Motorists are advised to keep their vehicles locked when driving. Always report suspicious activity to police and if a crime is in progress call 999.

Anyone who recognises the men, or has any other information about the incident, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F2/18/918. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV image
