```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: "Robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-bishops-stortford-1062
```

* ### The incident occurred in an underpass in Thorley.

 * ### The victim was threatened by three men and had two bags stolen.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred in an underpass in Villiers Sur Marne Avenue, near the Marne pub, at around 12.15am on Saturday 16 November.

The victim, a 17-year-old boy, was approached by three men who demanded that he hand over his bag, before threatening him with a knife and cans containing an unknown substance.

When the victim refused, he was brought to the ground and kicked.

He managed to run off, but had his rucksack and a smaller bag stolen which contained an iPad, train tickets, a key fob and other personal items.

The suspects are described as:

• A black male, around 6ft 3in tall, of slim build. He was wearing a dark parker-style coat with a white fur lined hood that was up, black Nike joggers and black Nike Airforce trainers.

• A white male, around 5ft 4in tall, of medium build, with blonde hair brushed to the side. He was wearing a black Canada Goose jacket, black tracksuit bottoms and black trainers.

• A white male, around 5ft 5in tall, of skinny build. He had his face covered by wrapping a black T-shirt around it and was wearing a black jumper, black tracksuit bottoms and black trainers.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim was not seriously injured during the incident but this was a frightening ordeal for him.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have been in the area at the time and saw anything suspicious to please come forward, particularly anyone who may have seen three males matching the descriptions given."

Anyone with information is asked to email shaun.turner@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/103838/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
