```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-hatfield-2720b
```

* ### On Friday, February 1, a man stole a bank card that had been accidentally dropped outside the Hilltop shops in High View.

 * ### Officers believe the man pictured was in the area at the time and could have vital information.

 * ### If you recognise him, contact PC Jessica Gibbs on 101 or through email at jessica.gibbs@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/10615/19.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following a theft in Hatfield.

Between 4.30pm and 5pm on Friday, February 1, a man stole a bank card that had been accidentally dropped outside the Hilltop shops in High View.

The bank card was subsequently used in One Stop, Martin's Newsagent and Yarl Petroleum before a further attempt in the town centre where it was declined.

PC Jessica Gibbs, who is investigating, said: "We believe that the man pictured was in the area at the time and he could have vital information that will assist our investigation.

"If you recognise him, or have information about what happened, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or by emailing quoting crime reference 41/10615/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
