```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged affray in Stevenage have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2018
title: "Appeal following alleged affray \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-affray-stevenage-1932
```

* ### Police would like to speak to man pictured as part of their enquiries into an alleged affray in Stevenage

 * ### It reportedly happened in the High Street at 3am on Sunday, September 30

 * ### If you can help, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/41734/18

Officers investigating an alleged affray in Stevenage have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in the High Street, outside the Drapers Arms, at 3am on Sunday, September 30.

It is reported that a physical altercation occurred in the street between a number of people.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was punched and fell to the ground, hitting his head on the kerb. He has then been kicked in the head, causing facial injuries.

PC Ben Amondsen, who is investigating, said: "The victim required medical treatment following the incident and is now recovering at home. After reviewing CCTV footage of the incident, we would like to speak to the man pictured as we believe he may have information that could assist our investigation.

"We appreciate the image quality is not ideal, but if you think you can help please make contact with us.

"We also believe there were a number of people in the area at the time who may have witnessed what happened, so if you were enjoying a night out in Stevenage at the time, we would be keen to speak to you.

"If you have any information you believe may be useful, please email me at _benjamin.amondsen@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , call the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting reference 41/41734/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 22-year-old man and an 18-year-old man, both from Stevenage, have been arrested on suspicion of affray in connection with this incident. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
