```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 33 year old man from Stevenage has been sentenced this morning, following a burglary at a shop in the town.
publish:
  date: 6 May 2020
title: Stevenage man sentenced for shop burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stevenage-man-sentenced-for-shop-burglary-0093e
```

* ## Man burgles WHS in Stevenage Town Centre.

 * ## Ben Horton was also found to be in possession of a stolen bike when he was arrested the next day.

 * ## Sentenced at Stevenage Magistrates Court after pleading guilty to offences.

A 33 year old man from Stevenage has been sentenced this morning, following a burglary at a shop in the town.

On Sunday 3 May, at around 1.15am, Ben Horton of Brent Court in Stevenage, broke into WHS in Queensway. After gaining entry by smashing the glass doors, he then helped himself to Xbox headsets, Play Station controllers and vape pens from behind the till area.

He was arrested on Tuesday 5 May and subsequently charged with burglary and handling stolen goods. At the time of his arrest he was found in possession of a bicycle, which had been previously stolen from a care worker.

Horton appeared at Stevenage Magistrates Court this morning (Wednesday 6 May) where he pleaded guilty to both charges. He was sentenced to nine months in custody - six months for the burglary with a fine of £1049.85, and three months and £100 compensation for the bike.

Investigating officer Detective Sergeant Barry Townsend said: "I am pleased that we have had such a swift result following this crime and I hope it acts as a deterrent to anyone else thinking of taking advantage of the current situation.

"Officers regularly patrol the town centre, both during the day and at night, however we would still urge local residents to report any suspicious activity they see around closed premises."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
