```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the police Community Safety Unit worked closely with St Albans City and District Council to secure a partial closure order at an address in Ladies Grove following ongoing drug use and anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: Tenth closure order secured in St Albans district
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tenth-closure-order-secured-in-st-albans-district-1272f
```

* ## A partial closure order has been secured at an address in Ladies Grove following drug use and anti-social behaviour.

 * ## If anyone breaches the order, they could be arrested.

 * ## If you have information about drug use and anti-social behaviour in your local area, report information online at herts.police.uk/report.

Officers from the police Community Safety Unit worked closely with St Albans City and District Council to secure a partial closure order at an address in Ladies Grove following ongoing drug use and anti-social behaviour.

The council obtained the order last Wednesday (24 February) under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It means that no one besides the local authority, emergency services and tenants can enter the flat for a period of three months. Anyone who breaches this order could be arrested, with further action taken against them.

A drugs warrant was carried out on Tuesday 16 February where drug paraphernalia and mobile phones were seized. A samurai sword was also seized.

Callum Karuthasami, aged 23, was arrested for being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs (cocaine and heroin), possession of Class B (cannabis) and facilitating the acquisition/acquire/possession of criminal property. He was remanded in custody and is due before St Albans Crown Court on Friday 12 March. Another man and a woman were arrested but have been released without charge.

St Albans Magistrates Court was satisfied that the following necessary criteria for a closure order had been met:

1) A person has engaged, or (if this order were not made) would be likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises

2) The use of the premises has resulted, or (if this order were not made) would be likely to result in serious nuisance to members of the public

3) There has been, or (if this order were not made) there would likely be, disorder near the property which would be associated with that address

Where closure orders are granted, the local authority/housing association can utilise specific legislation that allows them to seek full possession of the property.

Kellie Kelley from St Albans City and District Council's Community Protection Team, said: "We are committed to doing everything in our power to deal with suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour and a closure order is a significant step in protecting our community."

Simran Chana from the St Albans Police Community Safety Unit, said: "A considerable amount of police time and resources has been spent dealing with suspected drug and anti-social behaviour at the Ladies Grove address. We were able to prove that these issues were having an adverse impact on neighbouring properties, even though understandably, some residents did not feel able to report the problems they were experiencing. No one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour, especially on their doorstep. This is the tenth closure order we have secured in the St Albans district in last two years and we will continue to use this power to make our neighbourhoods safer."

If you have information about drug use and anti-social behaviour in your local area, report information online. You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in St Albans using echo. Go to St Albans echo and have your say.

Follow us **@StAlbans** police on Facebook and Twitter to keep up-to-date with what your police teams have been up to.
