```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is joining police forces across the country by taking part in Operation Sceptre, a national knife amnesty.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2019
title: Hertfordshire takes part in national knife amnesty
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-takes-part-in-national-knife-amnesty-2593
```

* ### A knife amnesty will be running in Hertfordshire from Monday March 11 to Sunday March 17.

 * ### Knives can be surrendered anonymously at Hatfield, Stevenage and Watford police stations.

 * ### Other operations will be running around the county during the week to reduce knife crime.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is joining police forces across the country by taking part in Operation Sceptre, a national knife amnesty.

The amnesty will run between Monday March 11 and Sunday March 17, during which members of the public will be able to surrender any unwanted knives to the police anonymously and without fear of prosecution for possession of these items.

Knife related crime has been increasing across the country, including Hertfordshire, in recent years and the amnesty is being carried out to support the national campaign to reduce the number of knives in circulation.

The amnesty also provides an opportunity to educate young people about the dangers of carrying a knife, give crime prevention advice and raise awareness amongst local businesses that selling certain knives to anyone under 18 is illegal. As part of a wider campaign officers will be carrying out knife detection operations, test purchasing at knife retailers and visiting schools to deliver talks on the dangers of carrying a knife.

During the amnesty, any knives in your possession that you do not want or should not have, can be surrendered at one of the following police stations: **Hatfield** , **Stevenage** or **Watford.**

A temporary knife bin will also be in place at Sainsbury in Potters Bar on Tuesday March 12 between 3pm and 5pm and at the Furzefield Centre in Potters Bar on Wednesday March 13 between 3.30pm and 5.30pm. There will also be permanent knife surrender bins in Waltham Cross details of which can be found here.

Items can be surrendered anonymously during the amnesty in the knife bins provided, the locations and opening times of these stations can be found here.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Violent crime remains relatively low in Hertfordshire, and previous amnesties have been very effective in reducing the number of knives in circulation. We are developing new initiatives to help young people understand that carrying a knife is not acceptable, is illegal and you are more likely to be injured or arrested if you choose to carry one. The amnesties are now a regular part of our violent crime reduction plan and any knives that can be taken off of our streets will help to make everyone safer."

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman, who is leading on the operational activity for Operation Sceptre, said: "As part of our wider plan to reduce violent crime we continue to support Operation Sceptre and I encourage people to take advantage of the knife amnesty. During the week of action we will also be conducting other operations to reduce knife-related crime, as well as using a poster campaign and social media to help raise awareness, especially among young people, that carrying a knife will not make you safer and is not acceptable in our county."
