```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Chief Constable of Hertfordshire Charlie Hall has been awarded the Queen\u2019s Police Medal in the New Year\u2019s Honours List."
publish:
  date: 30 Dec 2017
title: "Chief Constable is awarded the Queen\u2019s Police Medal"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Chief-Constable-is-awarded-the-Queen\u2019s-Police-Medal"
```

Chief Constable of Hertfordshire Charlie Hall has been awarded the Queen's Police Medal in the New Year's Honours List.

The Queen's Police Medal is awarded to officers who have forged a distinguished career in terms of exceptional contribution and professional conduct.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "I am really delighted. The award reflects the hard work of all the good people I have worked alongside over the years, developing policing locally and nationally."

Minister for Policing and the Fire Service Nick Hurd said: "Chief Constable Charles Hall has been instrumental in developing policing's response to the changing nature of crime. He serves Hertfordshire with distinction and I am delighted that his contribution has been recognised with the award of a Queen's Police Medal."

David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said: "This is a fitting reward for an excellent Chief Constable who has done so much for policing in Hertfordshire and nationally."

Charlie Hall has been the Chief Constable for Hertfordshire Constabulary since 2016, previously having served as Deputy Chief Constable for Norfolk Constabulary where he started his policing career.

Nationally, Charlie is the National Police Chiefs Council's portfolio lead on Civil Contingencies, Industrial Action and Prison Disputes, as well as the Joint Emergency Services Interoperability Programme's (JESIP's) Senior Responsible Officer (SRO), which aims to improve working relationships across the police, fire and ambulance services at the scene of major incidents. These all sit within the NPCC Operations Co-ordination Committee.

In 2013 he became the senior responsible owner for the JESIP nine months into the programme, at a time when HMIC had indicated that the programme was failing with broken stakeholder relationships.

He set in place a clear project management structure with robust direction to the team and expectations for delivery. Since taking over as SRO, JESIP has been praised as a success by all tri-service parties.

The JESIP programme required significant strategic leadership to develop a joint doctrine and national training reaching 105 services that form the emergency service, trained to respond to major incidents in a multi-agency capacity.
