```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "On Friday, April 5, officers from Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion team executed a drugs warrant in Cheshunt, resulting in the arrest of a man."
publish:
  date: 8 Apr 2019
title: Cheshunt warrant sees man arrested
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cheshunt-warrant-sees-man-arrested-0032k
```

* ### Officers from the Operation Scorpion team executed a drugs warrant in Cheshunt.

 * ### A man was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply.

 * ### A number of items suspected to be Class A drugs were seized.

On Friday, April 5, officers from Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion team executed a drugs warrant in Cheshunt, resulting in the arrest of a man.

At around 9am the officers were joined by Hertford's Operational Support Group and forced entry to a property in the town's High Street.

A 36-year-old man from Cheshunt was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply. He has since been released under investigation.

Officers searching the address found a significant number of items believed to be Class A drugs. Suspected cannabis and a large combat knife were also seized.

Operation Scorpion is committed to relentlessly pursuing those suspected of being involved with the distribution of controlled drugs and its associated criminality.

They rely on our communities supporting this work and ask members of the public to contact the police should they believe someone in their neighbourhood is involved in drug crime. They can then take action.

Information can be reported via the non-emergency number 101, or online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
