```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "If you\u2019re looking to change career and want to make a positive difference, it\u2019s time to think about becoming a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) in Hertfordshire."
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2021
title: Looking for a new career? Think Police Community Support Officer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/looking-for-a-new-career-think-police-community-support-officer-1178all
```

If you're looking to change career and want to make a positive difference, it's time to think about becoming a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) in Hertfordshire.

Our serving PCSOs include former cabin crew, customer service staff and retail workers, who have brought both life experience and useful transferable skills to their new role.

PCSOs are part of our Safer Neighbourhood Teams which work to improve the quality of life for residents and make their area safer, by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The role of a PCSO is paid and there are opportunities to work part-time or flexible hours. There is shift work, including working some weekends and evenings to 11pm. Initial training takes seven weeks.

"There are a whole host of reasons why the role of a Police Community Support Officer is attractive," said Superintendent for Workforce Development, Ruth Dodsworth. "Many people have had a career elsewhere and want a role which has a direct impact on the community. You may have built up life skills and experiences, which could be a great advantage to the role.

"As a PCSO you're given your own geographical area and it is your job to get to know the community; their issues, concerns and what may be affecting their quality of life, and find solutions to help.

"You'll be supporting victims of crime, instigating crime prevention initiatives, conducting patrols to prevent crime and reassure residents and generally being a port of call in your community. It's a very unique role that our PCSOs say is challenging, but incredibly rewarding."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said: "PCSOs are a vital part of our policing family. They form strong links with the communities in which they serve and the public often tell me what a vital duty they perform. It is a great and varied career open to those who want to make a real difference."

Anyone who is interested in finding out more about the role can visit hertspolicepcso.co.uk
