```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who was found with serious head injuries in Waltham Cross on Friday, December 21 has sadly passed away in hospital.
publish:
  date: 10 Jan 2019
title: Tribute to David Hall
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-david-hall-2356K
```

* ### David Hall, aged 63, of Waltham Cross, passed away in hospital on December 24, 2018.

 * ### He was found unconscious in Swanfield Road, Waltham Cross, on the evening of December 21, 2018.

 * ### Police are investigating his death, which is being treated as the result of a fail to stop collision.

A man who was found with serious head injuries in Waltham Cross on Friday, December 21 has sadly passed away in hospital.

David Hall, aged 63, from Waltham Cross, was taken to a London hospital for treatment after being found unconscious in Swanfield Road just after 9pm. His injuries were consistent with being in collision with a vehicle.

Sadly, he never regained consciousness and passed away on December 24.

He leaves his mother Patricia, his brothers Andrew, Geoff and John and his son Christopher.

His loved ones have described him as an 'incredibly warm, funny and generous man', who loved nothing more than enjoying good food and good times with his family and many friends.

His son Christopher said: "Dad ran arguably the oldest family-owned businesses in Tottenham - Halls Greengrocers - with his brother Andrew. A familiar face to most of Tottenham, he was considered a pillar of the community. He oversaw the regeneration of Holcombe Road market which gave a platform to several local entrepreneurs, many of whom naturally became close friends. It will be his legacy.

"A passionate supporter of Tottenham Hotspur - a season ticket holder for over 40 years - his loss will leave a massive hole in his local communities of Waltham Cross and Tottenham.

"We are all devastated by his passing, and request privacy to grieve at this difficult time."

 * Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are continuing to investigate David's death, which is being treated as the result of a fail-to-stop collision. If you have any information that could assist the enquiry, please call 101 quoting reference ISR 776 of December 21. You can also report information online or speak to one of our call operators in the Force Communications Room via online web chat.

David Hall
