```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man who might be able to help with their enquiries following an indecent exposure in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 3 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following an indecent exposure in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-an-indecent-exposure-in-st-albans-0308f
```

* ### On Sunday, June 2, a man indecently exposed himself in a store in St Albans.

 * ### Officers would like to speak with the person pictured as he may have information which could assist the investigation.

 * ### Anyone who recognises the man is asked to email PC Lee Hammond on _lee.hammond@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man who might be able to help with their enquiries following an indecent exposure in St Albans.

At around 12.55pm yesterday (Sunday, June 2), a girl was with her father shopping in Wilko hardware store in The Maltings when she saw a man staring at her and noticed he was indecently exposing himself. He then paid for items at the till and left the store.

He walked into the car park and exited onto Kent Road before walking off towards Marlborough Road.

Officers attended and searched the area but the man was not located.

Officers would like to speak with the person pictured as he may have information which could assist the investigation.

Police Constable Lee Hammond from the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "This was an understandably unsettling incident for the victim and I want to reassure both the victim and the community that we are doing all we can to identify the person responsible.

"I would urge anyone with information to email or report information online. __

_" You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here_ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/49572/19. " _

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
