```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a number of vehicles were damaged in a car park in Nash Mills, Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: Vehicles damaged in Nash Mills car park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Vehicles-damaged-in-Nash-Mills-car-park-1333D
```

###

 * ### The incident occurred at a car park in Lower Road.

 * ### Eight vehicles had their windows smashed.

 * ### Anyone who saw anything suspicious is being urged to contact police.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a number of vehicles were damaged in a car park in Nash Mills, Hemel Hempstead.

Overnight between Friday, December 8 and Saturday, December 9, eight vehicles had their windows smashed while parked in the overflow car park on Lower Road, adjacent to the new Nash Mills Wharf estate.

Nothing is believed to have been taken from any of the vehicles.

PC Karl Diggins said: "The owners of these vehicles are now faced with getting the damage repaired at a busy and expensive time of year.

"A member of the public has reported hearing alarms sounding at around 5.30am on the Saturday morning so this may have been when the damage occurred. However, we are appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or witnessed any suspicious activity in the area overnight to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Kings Langley and Hemel South East Safer Neighbourhood Team on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/17/9947. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
