```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Hitchin yesterday (Monday 12 August).
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2019
title: Appeal following serious collision in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-hitchin-0630g
```

* ### Police were called at 10.50am yesterday (Monday 12 August) to reports that a pedestrian and an orange truck were involved in a collision in Queen Street.

 * ### The pedestrian, a woman in her eighties, sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital.

 * ### Witnesses or anyone with information or dash cam footage should call 101 or email PC Tony Saunders at tony.saunders@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious collision in Hitchin yesterday (Monday 12 August).

Police were called at 10.50am to reports that a pedestrian and an orange truck were involved in a collision in Queen Street.

The pedestrian, a woman in her eighties, sustained serious injuries and was taken to hospital.

PC Tony Saunders from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the collision, or the events leading up to the collision, to get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who might have captured what happened on dash cam footage.

"If you can help, please get in touch via 101 or email quoting ISR 241 of August 12."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
