```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following an increase in burglaries across the county, the Police Cadets in Potters Bar and Bushey visited almost 300 homes to give out crime prevention advice on Saturday (December 9).
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2017
title: Police cadets help prevent burglaries in Potters Bar and Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-cadets-help-prevent-burglaries-in-Potters-Bar-and-Bushey
```

* ### Almost 300 homes visited by police cadets in Bushey and Potters Bar.

 * ### Helping to prevent burglaries.

 * ### Join Neighbourhood Watch and receive free emails about local crime.

Following an increase in burglaries across the county, the Police Cadets in Potters Bar and Bushey visited almost 300 homes to give out crime prevention advice on Saturday (December 9).

The 13 police cadets were accompanied by three Police Cadet Leaders who went to The Walk in Potters Bar and Chiltern Avenue in Bushey.

Residents were also given a free security marker pen in addition to a 'What a Burglar Sees' leaflet , details of how to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch to receive emails about crime in their local area and a leaflet produced by Hertsmere Borough Council with useful telephone numbers to deal with local issues.

PCSO Cheryll Lavell said: "The residents were really pleased to see the cadets and commented on how smartly they were dressed and how useful the advice was. The Safer Neighbourhood Team will continue to do _Safer Streets_ initiatives where roads are visited by the police and council to help prevent burglaries and other crimes."

Police Cadets are young members of the community, aged 14 to 18, who are involved in a wide range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention.

The role of a cadet is extremely varied and members develop a wide range of skills while having fun and helping the local community.

Groups also participate in many exciting activities such as white-water rafting, weekend holidays and summer camps, court visits and foot patrol at local events such as music festivals and carnivals.
Groups are led by police officers, PCSOs and volunteers, and members gain an insight into a number of areas of policing.
