```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the murder of student Joy Morgan are re-appealing for anyone who has information to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 18 Apr 2019
title: "Joy Morgan murder investigation \u2013 re-appeal"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/joy-morgan-murder-investigation-re-appeal
```

Officers investigating the murder of student Joy Morgan are re-appealing for anyone who has information to get in touch.

Joy, a 21 year old University of Hertfordshire midwifery student, was reported missing from Hatfield on Thursday, February 7. She was last seen in Ilford on December 26, 2018.

On Wednesday, February 27, Shohfah-El Israel, aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, was charged with murder.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Unfortunately, Joy's body has not been found yet so I'm continuing to urge members of the public to be vigilant when out and about and if you see anything suspicious please alert the police immediately.

"If you have any information at all about Joy, no matter how insignificant it might seem, please do not hesitate to get in touch. This is a devastating time for Joy's family and they are in utter turmoil."

Officers are also still keen to hear from anyone who has information about the pictured Honda vehicle which belongs to Israel.

DI Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, continued: "The vehicle has been located but I am keen to hear from anyone who might have seen it over the festive period and into the New Year. Joy used to travel in the vehicle and any information you have about it, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation.

"If you saw it, please do not hesitate to get in touch and let us know when and where it was."

Joy had links to Hatfield, Ilford, Battersea, Cricklewood, Stevenage and Luton.

Any information that could assist the investigation can be submitted online here: _https://mipp.police.uk/operation/35SA020119R15-PO1_

_You can also contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at _www.herts.police.uk/Report_. _

_ _

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at _www.crimestoppers-uk.org_. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them._

** **

 * Shohfah-El Israel will appear for a pre-trial preparation hearing on Friday, May 31, with a trial set for Monday, July 8 at St Albans Crown Court.
