```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2018
title: Did you see alleged assault in Hatfield?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-see-alleged-assault-in-hatfield-0535B
```

* ### Did you see alleged assault in Market Place, Hatfield?

 * ### Police were called by a member of the public reporting a physical altercation involving two men.

 * ### Officers are trying to identify the victim and any witnesses.

 * ### A 36 year old man from Hatfield has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Hatfield.

At around 3pm on Friday, July 13, police were called to a physical altercation involving two men in Market Place.

A 36 year old man from Hatfield has been arrested on suspicion of affray and possession of an offensive weapon (a knife). He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Paul Saunders, who is investigating, said: "A member of the public saw the alleged incident and called police. We attended but so far have not been able to identify or locate the victim. I would like to appeal to this person to come forward and make contact with me.

"I'm also appealing for anyone who was in the area around the time stated and may have seen what happened to get in touch as you may have information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Saunders by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/1289/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
