```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery at a bank in Berkhamsted.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2018
title: Appeal for information following robbery at Berkhamsted bank
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-robbery-at-berkhamsted-bank-0019
```

* ### Two men forced entry to Santander by smashing glass in the front door.

 * ### Cash was stolen from inside.

 * ### The offenders made off in a white, pick-up style vehicle.

Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery at a bank in Berkhamsted.

At around 11.20pm on Wednesday, April 4 two men forced entry to Santander in the High Street by smashing glass in the front door.

They then took a quantity of cash and made off in a white pick-up style vehicle, towards Tring.

Two members of staff were inside the bank at the time but were uninjured.

The offenders are both described as white males. One is believed to be around 6ft tall, aged 30 to 40 years old and of medium build. He was wearing a white top and blue jeans.

The second is described as being around 5ft 8ins tall and of medium build. He was wearing a dark top. Both were wearing balaclavas.

Detective Constable Chris Phillips, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing to carry out extensive enquiries into the incident and are appealing for witnesses to contact us.

"We would like to hear from anyone who saw what happened or who thinks they may have seen the vehicle in the area. Any information could greatly assist our appeal."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Dacorum Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D2/18/352. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
