```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following three thefts from a store in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following three thefts from a store in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-three-thefts-from-a-store-in-st-albans-0365f
```

* ### Police are currently looking into three linked thefts from a store in St Albans.

 * ### Items including a shaver and fragrances were stolen.

 * ### Officers are trying to identify the man in the CCTV, as they would like to speak to him as part of their enquiries.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following three thefts from a store in St Albans.

All three incidents, which are being linked, took place at a Boots store in St Peters Street.

 * The first incident took place at 2.22pm on Saturday, May 4 when a man walked into Boots through the rear entrance and stole a shaver.
 * The second incident took place at 9.23am on Monday, May 6 when an offender entered through the rear and took several fragrances, placed them into a rucksack and exited via the rear.
 * The third incident took place on the same day (May 6) at around 4.20pm, when a man enters from the back of the store and stole items from the fragrance department.

PC Emily Frost from the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Team, who is investigating, said: "We'd like to speak to the man pictured, as we believe he was in the area around the time of the incidents and may have information that could assist our investigation.

"If you recognise him or have any information that could help us please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Frost via email _,_ report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere _ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ crime reference 41/40721/19 for the first incident, 41/40741/19 for the second incident or 41/40745/19 for the third.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
