```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced for three and a half years in prison after throwing bleach at a police officer.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2018
title: "Man sentenced for throwing bleach at police officer \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-for-throwing-bleach-at-police-officer-Stevenage
```

* ### Man sentenced to three and a half years in prison for throwing bleach at police officer

 * ### It happened during a disturbance at an address in Stevenage on September 23, 2017

 * ### The officer suffered no lasting injuries as a result

A man has been sentenced for three and a half years in prison after throwing bleach at a police officer.

Garren Underwood, aged 51, of Kilworth Close, Welwyn Garden City, was handed the sentence at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, March 16.

On September 23 last year, officers attended reports of a disturbance at an address in Sweyns Mead, Stevenage.

On their arrival, they knocked at the door armed with shields before Underwood opened it and immediately threw bleach at them.

It struck the police constable on the arm, face and left eye causing immediate discomfort and irritation. The officer was helped by Underwood's family, who offered him water to flush his eye and skin. He was taken to hospital as a precaution but thankfully suffered no lasting injuries.

Underwood was arrested and later charged with:

 * Assault on a police constable
 * Racially aggravated public order
 * Public order
 * Section 18 GBH

Detective Inspector Chris Treadwell, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "The length of Mr Underwood's sentence shows just how serious this offence was. The officer injured was just doing his job and Underwood callously attacked him in his line of duty.

"Luckily, the officer was correctly equipped to deal with the incident and the shield he was carrying protected him from the worst of the attack. However, it could have been much more serious.

"Officers working on the front line consistently put themselves in harm's way to protect the public and we are pleased with the judge's sentence, which we feel sends a strong message to say this sort of malicious behaviour will not be tolerated.

"I hope Mr Underwood uses his time behind bars to reflect on his actions."

Garren Underwood
