```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an assault in North Hertfordshire are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2020
title: "Did you witness assault in Peter\u2019s Green?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-peters-green-1585
```

* ### The incident happened in Hyde Lane.

 * ### An altercation occurred between two drivers.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police investigating an assault in North Hertfordshire are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Peter's Green, at around 3.40pm on Monday 9 March.

Two vehicles were being driven along Hyde Lane in opposite directions. The vehicles then met each other at a narrowing, wide enough for only one car to pass.

An altercation subsequently occurred between the drivers of the two vehicles, during which one of them sustained a fracture below his left eye.

PC Charlotte Witherspoon, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries into the incident are continuing at this time and we are appealing for witnesses to come forward as part of our investigation. We're particularly keen to trace the driver of a small black vehicle which was reported to be in the area at the time and may have seen what happened. If this was you, please get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone else who may have seen what happened, captured dash cam footage or who may have seen the vehicles prior to the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to email charlotte.witherspoon@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/21925/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
