```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two PCSOs dedicated to educating young people on youth gang and knife crime have completed their pilot workshop at a South Oxhey primary school.
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2020
title: Youth crime education workshop pilot launched at South Oxhey primary school
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/youth-crime-education-workshop-pilot-launched-at-south-oxhey-primary-school-0354c
```

* ## Youth crime PCSOs launch pilot workshop for Year 6 pupils at Oxhey Wood Primary School.

 * ## They spoke to the children about the dangers of knife and gang crime in an age-appropriate way.

 * ## The PCSOs hope to roll out the primary workshops to other schools across Watford, Three Rivers and Hertsmere.

Two PCSOs dedicated to educating young people on youth gang and knife crime have completed their pilot workshop at a South Oxhey primary school.

PCSO Daisy Jenkins and PCSO Keith Sayers, from the Watford Community Safety Unit (CSU), visited Oxhey Wood Primary School last month, where they ran a socially-distanced workshop for Year 6 pupils.

The officers spent time with the youngsters outside in the playground, exploring the topics of knife and gang crime using age-appropriate methods. They engaged the children in role play and a 'thoughts and feelings' writing exercise as well as question and answer sessions. The following day, Daisy and Keith went back to the school to present all the children with certificates for taking part.

This new concept comes after 18 months of working closely with secondary schools across Watford, Three Rivers and Hertsmere, thanks to a jointly-funded initiative between the police and Chessbrook Education Support Centre (ESC) in Watford.

Further funding from the Watford BID and the intu Centre Watford enabled Daisy, Keith and the Watford CSU team to pilot an innovative Peace Week scheme in six secondary schools across the three boroughs.

These sessions received overwhelmingly positive feedback, and both Daisy and Keith have forged strong relationships with pupils and staff at all the schools who took part. The pair have helped support several young people most at risk of falling into criminality and have instead given them the confidence and the tools to choose a different path.

Building on this success, the CSU team used the initial phase of lockdown to work with primary school to create an educational package suitable for 10 and 11-year-olds. After the team presented their plans to primary schools across the three boroughs, Oxhey Wood was selected to be the first to hold the workshops.

Sergeant Luke Mitchell, who leads the Watford CSU, said: "While Watford is a long way from experiencing the same levels of knife crime seen in other parts of the country, we all have a responsibility to educate the next generation and equip them with the life skills they need to stand up to violent crime.

"Following the success of our Peace Week schemes in secondary schools, we are enjoying strong working relationships with staff and pupils and will work to maintain these with each new cohort of students.

"However, we wanted to shift our focus towards educating pupils in their last year of primary school. It's never too early to help children develop deep-seated morals and values when it comes to criminality.

"We appreciate that these are hard-hitting topics but thanks to feedback from local headteachers we have been able to adapt our training package for a younger audience. One of the topics we discuss is peer pressure, where we give the children tools to diffuse conflict and the confidence to say 'no' to things they feel uncomfortable with.

"Our 'thoughts and feelings' tree was a huge hit and the children shared some very mature and well-considered views after the session with Daisy and Keith.

"Headteacher Mrs Morley has been extremely supportive of our work, and we would like to express our thanks to her for letting us launch our pilot at Oxhey Wood. We are now looking to roll these workshops out in participating primary schools across the three districts."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
