```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating the theft of a handbag from a vehicle in Abbots Langley are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2018
title: CCTV image released following handbag theft in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-image-released-following-handbag-theft-in-abbotslangley-1964C
```

* ### A man knocked on the passenger window of a vehicle which had just been parked.

 * ### The victim opened the window and then had her handbag stolen.

 * ### Police would like to speak with the man pictured for help with their enquiries.

Police investigating the theft of a handbag from a vehicle in Abbots Langley are releasing a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

At around 11am on Friday, October 12, a woman aged in her 80s was parking her vehicle in a residential street when a man tapped on the passenger window.

The victim wound the window down and her handbag was then stolen from the passenger seat.

Officers would like to speak with the person pictured as they may have information which could assist the investigation.

Anyone who recognises the man pictured or has any other information about the theft is asked to contact PC Abbi Symes via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/45593/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Police are currently investigating a series of handbag thefts from motor vehicles in the Abbots Langley area over the past few months. There have also been similar incidents reported in the Hemel Hempstead and St Albans areas.

People are being advised to remain vigilant and take note of the following advice:

 * Do not leave handbags and other items of value in view or on your passenger seat, as doing so may attract opportunist thieves.
 * When you are getting in and out of your vehicle, be extra vigilant and aware of anybody that you do not know approaching your vehicle.
 * If somebody knocks on your window whilst you are in the vehicle, do not open the window/ keep doors locked unless you know who they are.
