```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following an incident of indecent exposure in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-an-incident-of-indecent-exposure-in-StAlbans-1104F
```

* ### Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.

 * ### The incident happened at around 8.10am on Tuesday, October 31, on a pathway between Chiltern Road and Sandringham Crescent.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact PC Rich Oakley on 101.

Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 8.10am on Tuesday, October 31, a man was spotted by a member of the public exposing himself on a pathway between Chiltern Road and Sandringham Crescent.

The man is described as white, aged 50 to 55, around 5ft 1in to 5ft 4in tall, of proportionate build, with short spikey grey hair and a grey beard. He was wearing a blue hoody with white drawstrings on the hood, and blue jeans.

PC Rich Oakley, who is investigating, said: "This incident happened during the day in a busy area so there is a good chance that other members of the public saw this man.

"We are keen to speak to anyone who saw a man matching the description in the area around the time stated. Did you see anyone matching this description? Maybe you were driving and have a dash cam that may have recorded the offender in the area?"

If you have any information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F1/17/5194 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
