```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A farmer who went above and beyond to help police clear the roads of storm debris has been officially thanked by officers.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2020
title: "Farmer praised after helping clear roads of storm debris \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/farmer-praised-after-helping-clear-roads-of-storm-debris-three-rivers-1461c
```

* ## Farmer Tom Mixture was invaluable during Storm Ciara when he helped local police clear roads of debris and fallen trees.

 * ## He worked with the team for 14 hours and covered over 200 miles across the district, re-opening 21 roads.

 * ## The community hero has been presented with a certificate of appreciation by the Chief Inspector as acknowledgement of his support.

A farmer who went above and beyond to help police clear the roads of storm debris has been officially thanked by officers.

Tom Mixture, from Woodoaks Farm in Maple Cross, has enjoyed a strong working relationship with officers from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team for many years, after they successfully helped him tackle illegal biking on the farmland.

During Storm Ciara earlier this month, Mr Mixture was only too happy to lend a hand to PC Christian Gottmann and PCSO Cloe Moy as they fought to clear the district's roads of fallen trees and branches, and get traffic moving again.

The team travelled more than 207 miles across the district over the course of a 14 hour shift, even crossing over into Watford, Hertsmere and the Thames Valley area at times. Between them, they managed to re-open 21 roads that had been closed by falling debris.

They cleared several roads including Sarratt Road, Sarratt Lane, Chorleywood Road, Harefield Road, Denham Way, Solesbridge Lane, Chalfont Road, Chalfont Lane, Grove Mill Lane and Oxhey Lane, to name a few.

Despite the rain lashing down and winds reaching in excess of 60mph, Tom got to work with his industrial chainsaw by using it to cut the wood into smaller pieces. He then helped the officers to lift and remove it from the carriageway.

He has now been presented with a certificate of appreciation signed by Chief Inspector Matt Phillips.

PC Christian Gottmann said: "Tom is the true embodiment of community spirit and is just an all-round nice guy. We are so grateful to him for his assistance because it meant we were able to keep the district moving during the dreadful weather we were having. It also shows just how important it is to foster relationships with key members of the community, as they can have a hugely positive impact on the wider public when we all work together."

Mr Mixture said: "I enjoy helping out when I can and it's a great feeling to help others. PC Christian Gottmann, PCSO Cloe Moy and their team are doing such a great job keeping a close eye on the local farms tackling motorbikes causing a nuisance, monitoring fly tipping, poaching and theft.

"They are very quick to respond if we have any troubles or concerns. It is great to have the opportunity to give a little help back whenever I can. Thank you also to Chief Inspector Matt Phillips for the certificate of appreciation and the very kind words, it means a lot."

PC Gottmann and PCSO Moy pay regular visits to Woodoaks Farm as part of their patrol plans, both during the day and after dark, which gives them chance to catch up with Tom face to face so he can tell them of any concerns or issues he has.

When it comes to rural policing, Safer Neighbourhood Team officers and Rural Special Constables support the Constabulary's Rural Operational Support Team (ROST).

The ROST consists of specialist officers in crimes concerning rural and agricultural issues, wildlife, the local environment and the county's heritage. The ROST also deal with traveller liaison issues. They support local Safer Neighbourhood Teams, Intervention Officers and can investigate any crimes from badger baiting, hare coursing, the theft of red diesel and nighthawking, to stolen plant equipment, criminal damage and the theft of scrap metal or lead from historical buildings.

If you would like to speak to a member of the ROST team or identify who your local rural safer neighbourhood officers are, please call the non-emergency number 101 and you will be put through to someone who can help you. If a crime is in progress or there is danger to life, always dial 999.

For more information and advice on rural crime, visit our website here.
