```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A flick knife and a quantity of cannabis were found after officers stopped and searched a man while on patrol in Berkhamsted.
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2018
title: Drugs and knife recovered during stop by police in Berkhamsted
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-and-knife-recovered-during-stop-by-police-in-berkhamsted-0476D
```

* ### The man was detained in the High Street by officers acting on intelligence.

 * ### An arrest was subsequently made.

 * ### Police are continuing to crack down on knife crime.

A flick knife and a quantity of cannabis were found after officers stopped and searched a man while on patrol in Berkhamsted.

The man was detained in the High Street on Thursday, June 28 where officers acting on intelligence conducted a search whereby the items were found and an arrest was subsequently made.

Detective Inspector Craig Flint, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "We will continue to do everything in our power to remove knives and drugs from our community. If you carry a knife, you are not only putting others' lives at risk, but your own life too.

"If we suspect someone may be involved in criminal activity, we will not hesitate to act on intelligence and use our powers in order to bring them to justice."

 * Christian Eames, aged 21, from Manan Close in Hemel Hempstead, has been charged with possession with intent to supply a controlled class B drug (cannabis) and possession of a bladed article in a public place.
He appeared before Hatfield Magistrate's Court on June, 29 where he was subsequently released on conditional bail pending trial at St Albans Crown Court on July 27.
