```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses after phones were stolen from a mobile phone shop in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 23 Apr 2019
title: Appeal following theft of mobile phones - Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-theft-of-mobile-phones-hatfield-0113b
```

* ### Two mobile phones were stolen from the Welwyn Hatfield Mobile Store in Market Place.

 * ### One of the offenders asked to look at the phones while a second offender held the door open.

 * ### The first offender grabbed the phones from the shop worker and the pair ran off.

 * ### They were seen heading across Market Square towards Goldings House.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses after phones were stolen from a mobile phone shop in Hatfield.

At around 3.30pm on Saturday, April 6, two men entered the Welwyn Hatfield Mobile Store in Market Place. One of them asked to look at two phones while the other offender held the door open.

The first offender grabbed the mobile phones from the worker and both men then ran off, heading across Market Square towards Goldings House.

An iPhone 8 Plus and a Samsung Galaxy Ace were stolen.

The first offender is described as being a white man, aged 20 to 30 years old, of slim build and was wearing a dark baseball cap, a dark hooded top, dark jogging bottoms and white trainers.

The second offender is described as a white man, aged 20 to 30 years old, of large build and was wearing a white and black baseball cap, a grey hooded top with dark stripes down the sleeves, dark jogging bottoms and black trainers.

Anyone who witnessed the theft or has information that could help identify the offenders is asked to contact PC Darren Turner by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/31421/19 or report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.
