```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a spate of burglaries in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following burglaries in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglaries-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-2088MD
```

Officers investigating a spate of burglaries in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses:

 * Between 8am and 6pm on Monday, November 12, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Applecroft Road after smashing a rear door window. They conducted an untidy search and took thousands of pounds worth of cash. Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/55503/18.
 * Between 8.30am and 6pm on Monday, November 12, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Applecroft Road after smashing a rear door. An untidy search was carried out in the property. Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/55505/18.
 * Between 4pm and 8pm on Monday, November 12, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Harwood Hill after smashing a rear door. They conducted an untidy search but did not take anything from the property. Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/55670/18.
 * Between 5pm on Monday, November 12 and 8.30am on Tuesday, November 13, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Cubitts Close, Welwyn, after damaging a window. They took numerous jewellery items; a gold ring, another ring, a necklace, a gold and turquoise locket necklace, a gold women's watch, and two bracelets. Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/55862/18.
 * Between 10am and 7.30pm on Monday, November 12, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Harwood Hill after damaging a rear door. They conducted an untidy search but did not take anything from the property. Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/55581/18.
 * Between 12.45pm and 5.10pm on Monday, November 12, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Knightsfield after smashing a rear window. They took numerous jewellery items; a white and brown Fossil women's watch, a wedding ring, a bangle and earrings. Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should call 101 quoting crime reference 41/55658/18.
 * Between 7.30am and 6.15pm on Monday, November 12, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Pentley Park after smashing a patio door. An untidy search was carried out and jewellery was taken (earrings).

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "We are treating these burglaries as linked and I would like to reassure residents that we are doing everything we can to trace those responsible.

"We have also increased both uniformed and plain clothes patrols in the area.

"If you saw what happened, or believe that you saw suspicious activity in relation to any of these offences, I would like to hear from you. Similarly, if you think you have been offered any of the stolen items for sale, please get in touch.

"If you can help, call the non-emergency number 101 quoting the relevant crime reference number.

"As we head towards winter, I would also like to remind residents that you can help prevent your home from being targeted by thieves by ensuring that your property looks 'lived in' which you can achieve by using timer switches on a lamp, radio or TV set so that they turn on as it gets dark. More crime prevention advice can be found on our website at www.herts.police.uk."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
