```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives are releasing a further appeal for information as part of their ongoing investigation into a serious sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: "Further appeal for information following sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/further-appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-bishops-stortford-0197
```

* ### Police are now in a position to release further information about the incident.

 * ### Anyone with additional information is asked to contact police.

 * ### A range of support services are available to anyone who may have been affected.

Detectives are releasing a further appeal for information as part of their ongoing investigation into a serious sexual assault in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident happened in the South Road area of the town during the early hours of 21 December, 2019, when a man aged in his 30s was targeted after a night out.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, is leading the investigation. She said: "This was an extremely traumatic ordeal for the victim who, understandably, is still struggling to come to terms with what has happened to him. He is being supported by specialist officers at this time while the case progresses."

She continued: "This has been a highly complex and challenging investigation from the outset. We are now in a position to confirm that our enquiries have led us to believe the alleged suspect was a male who was posing as a female at the time of the incident.

"We are still very much appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to please come forward. Have you previously been approached in similar circumstances or do you know someone who has? Have you previously witnessed any activity in the area which you thought seemed a little suspicious? If so, we'd like to hear from you.

"The victim's bravery in reporting the incident is highly commendable, as the stigmas and myths around sexual assaults on men can often put people off contacting police.

"If you have been affected, please do not suffer in silence. Any information reported will be treated with the utmost sensitivity and in the strictest confidence. You can also report information anonymously through Crimestoppers if you would prefer to do so. There are also a range of support services available to offer advice if you do not feel able to contact police straight away."

You can report information to us by calling the incident room on 01707 355666, quoting Op Tapia or via the online portal.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

 **Support services**

Herts SARC (Sexual Assault Referral Centre) provides help and support to men, women and young people living in the Hertfordshire area, who have been raped or sexually assaulted. You can contact Herts SARC directly using the 24/7 free helpline number 0808 178 4448 or visit their website.

The charity Survivors UK provides support for male, trans and non-binary victims of sexual abuse. They can be contacted on 0845 122 1201 or via their website.

• Wayne Rogers, aged 43, from Plaw Hatch Close, has been charged with assault by penetration, sexual assault and possession of a class A drug. He has been bailed to appear before Stevenage Magistrates' Court on 22 July.
