```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Watford man has been jailed for seven years after he was found in possession of Class A drugs.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2019
title: Man jailed for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-possession-with-intent-to-supply-class-a-drugs-0750
```

* ### Scott Anthony was jailed for seven years for possession with intent to supply Class A.

 * ### He was found guilty following a trial at St Albans Crown Court.

 * ### The investigation was led by the Constabulary's Case Investigation Team.

A Watford man has been jailed for seven years after he was found in possession of Class A drugs.

Scott Anthony, aged 26, from Monica Close, was sentenced on Friday (6 September) following a trial at St Albans Crown Court.

At around 11.50pm on 9 March, Anthony's vehicle was spotted by police on Hempstead Road in Watford. Following intelligence to suggest it was involved in the supply of drugs, officers pulled the vehicle over.

On speaking to Anthony, officers noticed drug paraphernalia inside the vehicle and conducted a search, during which four small wraps of cocaine were found.

Anthony then attempted to make off but was detained and arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply.

An investigation was carried out by the Constabulary's Case Investigation Team (CIT), which involved extensive phone work and analysis.

As a result of the supporting evidence gathered, Anthony was charged and remanded and subsequently found guilty by unanimous verdict on Thursday (5 September).

Detective Constable Ben Dransfield, who led the investigation, said: "This is a fantastic result, especially considering a relatively small amount of Class A was found during the initial stop. However, the hard work put into the investigations around Anthony's phone enabled us to seal a conviction and custodial sentence."

He continued: "Drug use and supply can have a huge impact on local communities as it often leads to more violent crime. We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour in Hertfordshire and will continue to crack down on those involved."

If you have information about drug supply or drug crime, you can report this online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
