```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a suspected arson and an alleged attempted theft of a motor vehicle in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following suspected arson and attempted theft of a motor vehicle in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-suspected-arson-and-attempted-theft-of-a-motor-vehicle-in-letchworth
```

* ### Police appeal for information and witnesses following a suspected arson.

 * ### Alleged attempted theft also of a motor vehicle in Letchworth.

 * ### Incidents occurred on Thursday, October 5 at 2.54am and 4.40am.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a suspected arson and an alleged attempted theft of a motor vehicle in Letchworth.

Police were called at 2.54am today (Thursday, October 5), to reports of a fire at garages in High Avenue. A suspected stolen motorbike was found in the walkway between two of the garages. (ISR 35 of 5/10)

At 4.40am today, police received reports of two white men, dressed in casual clothing, attempting to steal a motor vehicle at a property in West View (ISR 48 of 5/10). The two incidents are being treated as linked.

Detective Sergeant Will Ainsworth, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who might have seen suspicious activity during the times stated to get in touch. You may have vital information that could help with our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DS Will Ainsworth via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number **101** , quoting the relevant ISR number.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

 * A 16 year old boy from Letchworth has been arrested on suspicion of arson and burglary. He remains in police custody at this time.
