```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following robbery in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-in-WalthamCross-1146K
```

* ### Appeal for information about an 18 year old man robbed in Waltham Cross.

 * ### Incident happened at 4.20pm on Tuesday November 7 on Station Approach.

 * ### If you have any information call 101 quoting reference K2/17/4978.

Officers investigating a robbery in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 4.20pm on Tuesday, November 7, an 18 year old man was walking along Station Approach close to the underpass, when he was approached by a man who threatened the victim and took two mobile phones from him, before making off towards the town centre.

The offender is described as black, around 6ft tall, and of heavy build. He was wearing a black body warmer with a black hoody underneath, grey jogging bottoms and white Nike trainers. He also had a covering across his face.

PC Dan Piper of the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit is investigating and said: "I'm appealing for anyone who saw the incident or saw anyone matching the description in the area around the time stated to contact police as they may have information that could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/17/4978, or report information online.

 Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
