```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary that occurred in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following a burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-burglary-in-Watford-1731C
```

* ### Police are investigating a burglary in Woodmere Avenue, Watford.

 * ### It happened on Friday, February 23 between 5pm and 9pm.

 * ### Did you see any suspicious activity in the area? Please call 101 quoting C4/18/575.

Officers investigating a burglary that occurred in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

It happened in Woodmere Avenue on Friday, February 23 between 5pm and 9pm.

Between these times, offenders forced entry to the front door and carried out a search of the first and second floors before taking items of jewellery, some watches and a pair of swimming goggles.

They made off from the scene in an unknown direction.

Detective Constable Matthew Cox, who is investigating, said: "I want to reassure the victims that we are doing all we can to trace the perpetrators, and I am calling on the public to get in touch if they saw any suspicious activity in the area around the times stated.

"Did you see any people acting oddly, or any vehicles that looked out of place? Any information you have, however seemingly insignificant, could prove vital to our investigation.

"If you think you can help, please email or report information online, quoting crime reference C4/18/575."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
