```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Events will be taking place in Hertfordshire throughout next week to mark National Hate Crime Awareness Week.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2017
title: "Don\u2019t ignore it \u2013 report it. National Hate Crime Awareness Week"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/national-hate-crime-awareness-week
```

* ### Events taking place for National Hate Crime Awareness Week, which begins on Saturday, October 14.

 * ### Broad aim of stamping out crimes motivated by hate.

Events will be taking place in Hertfordshire throughout next week to mark National Hate Crime Awareness Week.

The week launches tomorrow (Saturday October 14) with the broad aim of stamping out crimes that are motivated by hate.

Some 1,208 hate crimes have been reported to police in Hertfordshire between April 1 and October 10 this year. This represents an increase of 97 from the same period last year - almost nine per cent.

A hate crime is any criminal offence that is targeted at a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their race, religion, sexual orientation, disability or transgender identity.

Detective Superintendent Dean Patient, the Constabulary's strategic lead for tackling hate crime, said: "Despite the increase in reporting, hate crime is widely believed to be under-reported. I would encourage people not to tolerate these crimes but report them so they can be investigated and victims can receive relevant support.

"Remember being different is not a crime, being victimised because of it is. Our message is: Don't ignore it - report it."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Hate crime will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire. My Community Safety and Criminal Justice Plan is called 'Everybody's Business', so we are all responsible for challenging this appalling behaviour.

"An improved response to hate crime incidents through a co-ordinated and a multi-agency approach will improve the victim's experience and give them more confidence in the system."

Hertfordshire Constabulary will be sharing hate-crime related messages on social media, on behalf of the County Community Safety Unit. The CCSU is a joint police and Hertfordshire County Council unit which leads on tackling hate crime in the county.

The Constabulary's specialist Hate Crime Officers will be setting up stands and events around the county to talk to the public about hate crime.

Then on Friday (October 20), a new Hertfordshire Hate Crime Strategy, commissioned by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, will be launched to frontline professionals at a conference.

You can find out more about the awareness week by searching for the hashtag #NHCAW or #NHCAW2017 on social media.
