```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "East Herts Volunteer Police Cadets are expanding, with a new group due to launch in Bishop\u2019s Stortford later this year."
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: "Volunteer Police Cadets being sought in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/volunteer-police-cadets-being-sought-in-bishops-stortford-1661
```

* ### A new group is due to launch in Bishop's Stortford later this year.

 * ### Anyone interested in joining is asked to register their interest now.

 * ### Support has been given to the project by the town's Mayor.

East Herts Volunteer Police Cadets are expanding, with a new group due to launch in Bishop's Stortford later this year.

Members are now being sought to join the new unit, which will be overseen by the same team who run Hertford and Ware Cadets.

Police Cadets are young members of the community, aged 14 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention.

Groups are led by police officers, PCSOs and volunteers, and members gain an insight into a number of areas of policing.

The idea to launch a group in Bishop's Stortford was mooted by the town's Mayor, Councillor Colin Woodward, who approached the Hertford and Ware cadet leader, Detective Constable Rob Scott.

Mayor Woodward said: "I had seen police cadets helping at public events elsewhere and wanted to push for a group to be set up in Bishop's Stortford. I have made a £3,000 grant from my Hertfordshire County Council Locality Budget to help make this happen.

"I'm extremely pleased that we will soon have a Volunteer Police Cadet unit in Bishop's Stortford and look forward to meeting the new recruits in due course."

Applications for people to submit their interest are open now and an information day will be held in the summer for potential recruits to find out more.

DC Scott said: "The role of a cadet is extremely varied and members develop a wide range of skills while making new friends, having fun and helping the local community. You do not have to have ambitions to join the police to become a cadet but, if you do, this is a great starting point.

"I am grateful to Mayor Woodward for his help in getting this project off the ground and am very much looking forward to welcoming new members to East Herts Cadets."

The Hertford and Ware Cadet group was launched in June 2015 and has enjoyed some notable successes.

Their on-going ACHIEVE CARE social action project, which sees cadets regularly interact with older members of the community to help tackle loneliness using therapy dogs (including the Cadet mascot Mozart) and technology, has been met with high praise and saw them win the 'Special Award for Outstanding Potential' at last year's High Sheriff's Awards.

They also came second in the National Cadet Competition and have received other awards for their outstanding efforts.

The new Bishop's Stortford group is open to anyone who lives or goes to school in the town. If you are interested in joining, please register your interest by emailing robert.scott@herts.pnn.police.uk
