```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft from a van in Borehamwood have released images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2018
title: Appeal following theft from van in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-theft-from-van-in-borehamwood-1761J
```

* ### The theft happened in Palmers Road between 8pm on Tuesday, August 28 and 8am on Wednesday, August 29.

 * ### Officers have released images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.

 * ### If you recognise them, call 101 or email PCSO Callum Ellis on callum.ellis@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/31785/18.

Officers investigating a theft from a van in Borehamwood have released images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.

The theft happened in Palmers Road between 8pm on Tuesday, August 28 and 8am on Wednesday, August 29.

The following items were stolen from a Ford van:

 * An electrical test meter
 * An electrical fan
 * A pump
 * A La Marzocco coffee maker (pictured)
 * A large tool bag, containing spanners, pipes and coffee machine parts (pictured)
 * A TomTom SatNav

PCSO Callum Ellis said: "I am asking the public to take a look at these photos and get in contact if they recognise them.

"Similarly, I would like to hear from anyone who might have seen suspicious activity in the area around the time of the theft to make contact with me.

"If you can help please email me or call 101, quoting crime reference 41/31785/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

A La Marzocco coffee maker Large tool bag
