```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of a mayoral badge that was stolen during a burglary at a home in Northchurch.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2019
title: Police release image of mayoral badge stolen from home in Northchurch
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-release-image-of-mayoral-badge-stolen-from-home-in-northchurch-0140d
```

* ### Thieves targeted the home of a couple shortly after they were discovered dead within the property.

 * ### Among the items taken was a Dacorum mayoral badge belonging to 81 year old Janette Dunbavand.

 * ### Officers are appealing for anyone who has seen the distinctive badge to get in touch.

Police are releasing an image of a mayoral badge that was stolen during a burglary at a home in Northchurch.

The property belonged to 81 year old John and Janette Dunbavand who were discovered dead at their home in Darrs Lane on Friday, March 22.

Following news of their deaths their property was targeted by thieves who gained access between 2pm on Sunday, March 24 and 8.15am the following day (Monday).

Among the items stolen was Janette's mayoral badge from her time as Mayor of Dacorum from 1994 to 1995. Other jewellery belonging to John and Janette was also taken.

Detective Sergeant Donna Norris, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "These items are obviously of huge sentimental value to John and Janette's family who have not only had to deal with their unexpected deaths but also the couple's home then being targeted by thieves.

"I'm appealing for anyone who has seen this badge or has been offered it for sale to please get in touch.

"I'd also like to re-appeal for anyone who may have information about this burglary but has not yet spoken to police to make contact.

"We are continuing to pursue a number of lines of enquiry in relation to this burglary and remain committed to identifying those responsible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Sergeant Donna Norris by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/27474/19 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.
