```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Wheathampstead are releasing images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2019
title: Images released following burglary in Wheathampstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-released-following-burglary-in-wheathampstead-0747
```

* ### The burglary occurred in Gustard Wood.

 * ### Several distinctive items were stolen.

 * ### Police are asking anyone who may have seen them for sale to please get in touch.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Wheathampstead are releasing images of some of the stolen items in a bid to trace them.

Between 1.50pm and 2.15pm on 23 August, a property in Gustard Wood, Wheathampstead, was broken into.

Several items were taken, including:

• A Renter Warden's badge, inscribed 'Worshipful Company of Tylers and Bricklayers'

• A Waterloo medal issued to John Hamilton of the First Regiment of Lifeguards, 1815

• Jewellery

Images of the items can be viewed here.

Detective Constable Colin Workman from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "Some of the items taken are highly distinctive and I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may have come across them to please get in touch as soon as possible.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area around the time of the burglary. Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to please email colin.workman@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/76781/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
