```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "August is usually holiday season, but for these 18 new recruits it was time to start applying the skills they\u2019d learned as Hertfordshire Constabulary student police officers."
publish:
  date: 25 Aug 2020
title: Another 18 new police officers start pounding the pavements
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/another-18-new-police-officers-start-pounding-the-pavements-0522
```

* ### Hats off and welcome to 18 new police officers

 * ### If you're inspired to join, we're still recruiting

 * ### Visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk to find out more

August is usually holiday season, but for these 18 new recruits it was time to start applying the skills they'd learned as Hertfordshire Constabulary student police officers.

The 14 men and four women - including a former teacher, an Army leaver and an IT worker - were officially welcomed to our policing family by Chief Constable Charlie Hall.

"I was delighted to welcome our new police officers to the force and know that they will find their chosen career challenging and rewarding," he said.

"After 15 weeks' training, socially distanced from their tutors and classmates, they are ready to start work and continue learning on the job. I am very proud of each of them and although they could not have family or friends to their passing out parade, as we maintain COVID-safe arrangements, I was pleased to welcome them to our policing family."

Training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims. On-the-job training continues for many months until they are fit for independent patrol.

In their first postings there are three officers based in Stevenage, two PCs in Borehamwood, Broxbourne, Hatfield, Hemel, Watford, and one new officer based in Bishop's Stortford, Hertford, North Herts, St Albans and Three Rivers.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said: "Welcome and congratulations to all those joining one of the best constabularies in the country. The COVID-19 crisis has brought out the best in our officers, who have shown the upmost professionalism while keeping our communities safe.

"These new officers are joining during challenging times, but at a time when officer numbers are the highest they have been in a decade."

If you feel inspired to become a Hertfordshire police officer, visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk/ to find out how to apply. You've got until the end of September to do so.

Through our 'Positive Action' scheme, Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to building relationships with under-represented groups and encouraging them to join our policing family. For more information and support visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk/diversity
