```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Royston.
publish:
  date: 6 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following collision in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-royston-0717g
```

* ## Did you witness a collision between a car and a female pedestrian in Royston on Wednesday 30 September?

 * ## It happened in Newmarket Road, at the roundabout junction with Melbourn Street, Priory Lane and Melbourn Road

 * ## Were you in the area at the time of collision, and do you have a dash cam? Please check your footage.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Royston.

At around 9.30am on Wednesday 30 September, a female pedestrian aged in her 70s was involved in a collision with a black Vauxhall Mokka car in Newmarket Road. The motorist stopped at the scene and the pedestrian was taken to hospital by ambulance.

PC Ross Clark from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "It was initially thought that the woman had suffered minor injuries but since the collision it has been discovered that she sadly suffered extensive fractures, and remains in hospital at this time.

"The pedestrian was crossing Newmarket Road, at the junction of the roundabout with Melbourn Street, Priory Lane and Melbourn Road, when the collision occurred.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and saw what happened to get in touch as you may have information that can help our investigation.

"I'd also like to ask any motorists with dash cams who were in the area around the time of the collision to check their footage as you may have captured something that could help us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **ISR 192 of 30 September.**

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
