```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after 15 trees were stolen from outside a home in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses after theft in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-theft-in-abbots-langley-1198c
```

* ### Nine cloud trees stolen outside a property in Abbots Langley.

 * ### Three men dressed in grey tracksuits and black trousers were seen in the area at the time of the incident.

 * ### Anyone with any information are ancouraged to contact 101, quotting 41/111340/19

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after 15 trees were stolen from outside a home in Abbots Langley.

The incident occurred at 5.30pm on Tuesday 10 December in Abbots Road.

Nine Cloud trees - some resembling spirals - were stolen from outside the victim's property by a group of three men driving a silver estate car.

The total value of the trees are around £5000.

All three men were described as wearing grey tracksuits with black trousers.

PCSO Luke Yardley from Abbots Langley Local Policing Command, said: "The incident happened during rush hour and there were many motorist seen on CCTV passing through the area at the time of the theft.

"I'm interested to hear from anyone who saw the trio matching the descriptions in the area to please get in touch with me via email at luke.yardley@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/111340/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
