```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Bishop\u2019s Stortford, following which a 10-year-old boy sadly died."
publish:
  date: 30 Mar 2020
title: "Did you witness fatal collision in Bishop\u2019s Stortford?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-fatal-collision-in-bishops-stortford-1598a
```

* ## The incident occurred in Obrey Way.

 * ## A 10-year-old boy passed away in hospital following the collision.

 * ## Police investigations are continuing.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road traffic collision in Bishop's Stortford, following which a 10-year-old boy sadly died.

The incident occurred in Obrey Way, at around 2.15pm on Sunday 22 March.
The boy was cycling along the road when he was involved in a collision with a Vauxhall Corsa.

He was taken to hospital in a critical condition and passed away on Sunday 29 March.

The driver of the Corsa was uninjured.

Police are now able to confirm that the boy who passed away was Daniel Bennett, who lived in the town.

His family have released the following statement:

"Our dearest son Daniel was the most kind hearted, bright, clever and loving son anyone could ever wish for. He was full of life and radiated joy and happiness to all those around him. We will miss him dearly, he will live forever in our hearts."

They have asked that their privacy is respected at this difficult time and do not wish to be approached by the media.

Sergeant James Thorne, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "Our thoughts remain with Daniel's friends and family at this extremely difficult and sad time.

"We are continuing to investigate the circumstances around the incident and ask anyone who saw what happened, or the events leading up to it, to please get in contact with police. We'd particularly like to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 314 of 22 March.
