```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a series of thefts from vehicles in Hertford have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 12 Jan 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following series of thefts from vehicles \u2013 Hertford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-series-of-thefts-from-vehicles-Hertford-1439A
```

* ### Officers are linking seven thefts from vehicles in Hertford.

 * ### They all happened between January 2 and 3.

 * ### Do you recognise the men pictured? Police want to speak to them as part of their enquiries.

Officers investigating a series of thefts from vehicles in Hertford have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

All the following incidents happened between Tuesday, January 2 and Wednesday, January 3.

**A1/18/102**

Between 2pm on January 2 and 8am on January 3, offender(s) opened the driver's side door of a car in Townshend Street by means unknown. They conducted a search of the interior, including the glove box, but nothing was taken.

**A1/18/33**

Between 5.30pm on January 2 and 7.10am on January 3, offender(s) gained entry to a Ford Mondeo in Newland Gardens by means unknown and took three pairs of Oakley sunglasses, a pair of Police sunglasses and a wallet. A debit card in the wallet was later used at a branch of Sainsbury's in Enfield.

**A1/18/51**

Between 6pm on January 2 and 6.30am on January 3, offender(s) gained entry to a vehicle on Sele Road and moved items around within, but have not taken anything.

**A1/18/47**

Between 10pm on January 2 and 7am on January 3, offender(s) smashed the driver's side window of a Renault Clio in Ware Road before taking an iPhone 5.

**A1/18/37**

Between 10.30pm on January 2 and 9am on January 3, offender(s) have gained entry to a Volkswagen in Woodland Mount by forcing the lock on the driver's side door. They took a fishing tackle bag which was later recovered and handed in to Hertford police station.

**A1/18/28**

At around 1.30am on January 3, offender(s) gained entry to a Mercedes Benz estate on Fore Street and took perfume, cash and a sat nav.

**A1/18/45**

Between 1am and 11.45am on January 3, offender(s) smashed the driver's side window of a London black cab in Ware Road before taking some loose change.

PC Nicholas Anstead, from the East Herts Intervention Team, said: "We would like to speak to the men pictured as they may have information that could assist us with our investigation. We appreciate the images are not the best quality, but if you recognise them, or have any further information that could help our enquiries, please call 101 quoting one of the crime references above."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV appeal following series of thefts from vehicles – Hertford
