```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new safeguarding initiative aimed at protecting and educating children in Stevenage, is being launched across the town this week.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2020
title: Thousands of pupils targeted as Stevenage Police launch new safeguarding operation in schools
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thousands-of-pupils-targeted-as-stevenage-police-launch-new-safeguarding-operation-in-schools-1300e
```

* ## A new safeguarding initiative aimed at protecting and educating thousands of school children in Stevenage, is being launched across the town.

 * ## Operation EDUC8 is being rolled out to each of the seven senior schools and North Herts College in Stevenage, to safeguard and inform young people about county lines, gangs, knife crime, domestic abuse and online safety.

 * ## Key speakers will be addressing the year 8 and 9 pupils (12- 13 years old) through hard hitting and thought provoking presentations and special workshops.

A new safeguarding initiative aimed at protecting and educating children in Stevenage, is being launched across the town this week.

Operation EDUC8 is being rolled out to each of the seven senior schools and North Herts College in Stevenage, to safeguard and inform young people about the threats from county lines drugs, gangs, knife crime, domestic abuse and online safety issues.

Key speakers will be addressing the year 8 and 9 pupils (12- 13 years old) through hard hitting and thought provoking presentations. Special workshops have been devised to follow the presentations to allow teachers and pupils to explore the issues further and identity any students who may need support.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Teams have been working with teachers and the Education Skill Learning Achievement (ELSA) charity, to organising these safeguarding events, which will run throughout the school year and will then been repeated every year to capture thousands of pupils as they come through the school system.

The initiative is also being supported by Stevenage Borough Council who have helped with funding.

Gang violence is the first topic to be tackled and Craig Pinkney will be launching the new campaign by delivering a talk in each school on Wednesday 22 January and Thursday 23 January.

Craig is a Criminologist, Urban Youth Specialist and lecturer at the University College Birmingham, and is one of the UK's leading thinkers/doers in responding to gangs and serious youth violence. He is a transformational speaker, gang exit strategist, mediator, mentor and film maker.

He describes himself as being all about bridging the gap between academia and the streets.

"Craig is an amazing person to talk to and is very much involved in targeting young people entrenched in some of the most serious gang violence in the country," explained Sergeant Duncan Hall, who is leading Operation EDUC8. "We are delighted that he has agreed to support the launch of our new initiative.

"To follow on from his presentation we have also devised a workshop session for form tutors to take into the classrooms and expand on what they heard from Craig with their pupils. This will enable them to explore the issues and myths around gangs and knife carrying. The workshops are designed to be really engaging and have various practical elements to promote learning within smaller groups."

Chief Inspector Simon Tabert added: "This is an excellent example of the great work being done by the police and partners agencies in Stevenage. This will protect our younger and more susceptible children by giving them the knowledge to make informed decisions, if ever presented with dangerous choices in the future.

"By utilising different resources and working together we have been able to devise a comprehensive educational programme. Using teachers to design the content and deliver the programme alongside police officer means we are keeping the messages right up to date to and are able to respond to emerging threats."

Domestic abuse will be the next subject to be tackled in March, followed by online safety and drug abuse and crime.
