```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged as part of an investigation into a large scale importation of Class A drugs into the United Kingdom.
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2019
title: Charges made in investigation into Hertfordshire drugs importation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/charges-made-in-investigation-into-hertfordshire-drugs-importation-09122019
```

Two men have been charged as part of an investigation into a large scale importation of Class A drugs into the United Kingdom.

Robert Brooks, 50, of Elder Court, Hertford, was arrested at his home address on Friday (6 December) and has subsequently been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, conspiracy to fraudulently evade the prohibition of the importation of a controlled Class A drug, and possession of criminal property.

Stephen Capp, 55, of the Old Lodges, Hull, was arrested on Thursday (5 December) after a car he was travelling in on the M25 was stopped by police. He has been charged with conspiracy to supply heroin and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

They were both arrested as part of an investigation by the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) into a conspiracy to import Class A drugs from overseas into the UK.

They will appear at St Albans Crown Court on 13 January.

Earlier this year two men were arrested at a farm in Hertfordshire after Border Force officers seized 45 kilograms of heroin.

Tomasz Wozniak, 29, and Richard Campbell, 49, both of Waterside, Milton Keynes, were both charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and being concerned in the fraudulent evasion of a prohibition of a Class A drugs. They have been remanded in custody pending a further court appearance.

More than 70 kilograms of cocaine has also been seized in Holland as part of the same investigation.
