```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Year 5 pupils at Our Lady Catholic Primary School in Welwyn Garden City have become the latest children to successfully complete the Constabulary\u2019s Mini Police scheme."
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2019
title: Welwyn Garden City pupils complete Mini Police scheme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-garden-city-pupils-complete-mini-police-scheme-0517
```

Year 5 pupils at Our Lady Catholic Primary School in Welwyn Garden City have become the latest children to successfully complete the Constabulary's Mini Police scheme.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events. The programme aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

The eight-week course was led by PCSO Debbie Bickerstaff, from the Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team. On Wednesday 3 July, she presented the pupils with their certificates.

PCSO Bickerstaff said: "The children have had great fun becoming Mini Police and I've been very impressed by their enthusiasm. During the course, they've learned about a wide range of topics including cyber bullying and antisocial behaviour. They've also learned about the other emergency services and who to call depending on the situation.

"At the beginning of the course, some of the children had a negative perception of police which was concerning to hear. I'm thrilled to say though that those children have changed their minds and have said they would now feel confident and comfortable in approaching us and telling us if they need help."
