```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Hertford Safer Neighbourhood Team are inviting residents from the town to drop in on them in the run up to Christmas.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2017
title: Drop in on your Safer Neighbourhood Officers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Drop-in-on-your-Safer-Neighbourhood-Officers-1225A
```

* ### Police Drop In Centre opens in Hertford.

 * ### Local officers and volunteers on hand to give advice and information.

 * ### Located in the Tourist Information Office.

Officers from the Hertford Safer Neighbourhood Team are inviting residents from the town to drop in on them in the run up to Christmas.

The team were approached by Hertford Town Council to discuss the possible use of the Town's Tourist Information Centre by police, to work with local residents and businesses. The facility will run as a 'drop in centre' and will be managed by officers, police staff and volunteers.

"The aim of the 'drop in centre' is to allow our local residents quick access to crime prevention advice, help and information when they are in the town centre," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant - Russell Jones.

"We are very grateful to the Town Council for providing us with this facility as we traditionally see a rise in purse dippings, shop lifting and thefts at this time of year. We want people to stay safe and we have numerous crime prevention items to hand out such as purse bells and anti-card readers.

"The drop in centre will be open for around four hours during the day and the times and dates will be advertised in advance. We are hoping to run the 'drop in' into the New Year so please pop in and say hello."

The first day the centre will be fully operational will be Saturday December 2, from 2pm. Details of further times will be advertised on the police Facebook page, Twitter and at www.herts.police.uk . Hertford Town Council will also be promoting this initiative.

Drop in on your Safer Neighbourhood Officers
