```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has pleaded guilty to drug offences after being stopped in Hatfield with over a thousand wraps of class A drugs worth around \xA315,000."
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2020
title: Man pleads guilty to Hatfield drug offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-pleads-guilty-to-hatfield-drug-offences-1348
```

* ### Danilson Santana, age 23, of Bradwell Avenue, Dagenham, has pleaded guilty to possession of class A drugs with intent to supply

 * ### He was arrested after being found with crack and heroin worth around £15,000

 * ### He will be sentenced on Friday 21 February at St Albans Crown Court

A man has pleaded guilty to drug offences after being stopped in Hatfield with over a thousand wraps of class A drugs worth around £15,000.

On Tuesday (28 January), a vehicle was stopped in Comet Way by Operation Scorpion - a team of officers that tackle acquisitive crime such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences.

Two occupants were inside the vehicle and the passenger - Danilson Santana, age 23, of Bradwell Avenue, Dagenham - was found to have around 500 wraps of class A drugs on him. In the boot of the car, officers found approximately another 800 wraps of class A drugs. A small amount of suspected class B drugs was also seized.

Santana was arrested and charged with two counts of possession of class A drugs (crack and heroin) with intent to supply. Yesterday (Wednesday 29 January), he appeared at Hatfield Remand Court where he pleaded guilty.

The driver of the vehicle - a 58 year old man from Hatfield - was arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Angela Wilcox, from Operation Scorpion, said: "The residents of Welwyn Hatfield deserve to live in a community free of drugs and the associated crime that often comes with it. That is why we do all we can to tackle the local drugs trade and pursue offenders.

"The public are our extra eyes and ears so please, if you have any information about local drug use or dealing, get in contact with us so we can take action."

If you have information about drug use or drug dealing in Welwyn Hatfield, you can call the non-emergency number 101, report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If a crime is in progress, or someone's life is in danger, call 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.

 * Santana has been remanded in custody until Friday 21 February where he will appear at St Albans Crown Court for sentencing.
