```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating the theft of a mobile phone in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are releasing CCTV footage of the incident."
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2019
title: "CCTV released following phone theft \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-released-following-phone-theft-bishops-stortford-0620
```

* ### A mobile phone was taken from a restaurant table.

 * ### Staff intervened and the phone was returned.

 * ### Police are reminding people to remain vigilant.

Police investigating the theft of a mobile phone in Bishop's Stortford are releasing CCTV footage of the incident, in a bid to raise awareness of tactics being used.

A mobile phone was removed from a table in Cote restaurant, after diners were distracted by a woman holding a piece of paper.

A member of restaurant staff intervened and the phone was returned.

PCSO Adam Pemberton, from the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We'd like to identify the woman featured in the footage and would ask anyone who recognises her to please get in touch. We would also like to hear from anyone who may have been approached in similar circumstances."

He added: "Unfortunately we have seen a rise in distraction thefts during 2019 and I would like to take this opportunity to remind people to remain vigilant with their personal belongings while out and about. It takes just seconds for an opportunist thief to strike. Please visit the 'advice' section of the Herts police website for crime prevention tips on a range of subjects."

Anyone with information should contact PCSO Pemberton via email to adam.pemberton@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/61111/19.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

The footage can be viewed here.
