```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary has donated more than \xA32,000 worth of toys to the Lister Hospital\u2019s children\u2019s ward following a fundraiser in aid of Welwyn Garden City three year old Elliot Harridge."
publish:
  date: 30 Aug 2019
title: "Police donate more than \xA32,000 worth of toys to Lister Hospital"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-donate-more-than-2000-worth-of-toys-to-lister-hospital-0680
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary has donated more than £2,000 worth of toys to the Lister Hospital's children's ward following a fundraiser in aid of Welwyn Garden City three year old Elliot Harridge.

Officers and staff joined together at Hatfield Police Station in June to enjoy a charity barbeque and raffle, organised by PC John Phelan from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit.

The event was arranged to help Elliot, who suffers from two rare chromosome disorders. More than £2,000 was raised from the special event, which saw Elliot himself make a guest appearance. Fanatical about the emergency services, particularly the police, Elliot arrived in style after being picked up from home by a convoy of police vehicles.

Upon arriving at the station, Elliot was presented with his very own police hat and jacket that had been personalised with his name.

This month, PCs John Phelan and Shaun Buchanan picked up Elliot and his mum, Vikki, in a police riot van and took them to Smyths toy store in Stevenage where he was joined by Health Play Specialist Christina Moore from the Lister Hospital.

With an extra donation of £200 from Smyths, the group embarked on a shopping trip to make sure that Elliot and the other children at the Lister have plenty of fun, new toys to keep them entertained.

With the riot van full of toys, they then travelled to the hospital to deliver the goods in person, and these were all greatly received.

PC John Phelan said: "Elliot is one very brave little boy and I'm glad that we've been able to raise so much money and donate all these wonderful toys to the hospital. The fundraiser was a great example of the local community pulling together for a brilliant cause and it makes me very proud to be a police officer in Welwyn Hatfield."

Health Play Specialist Christina Moore, from the Lister Hospital, said: "Elliot loves 'neenaws' and he was taken with his mum in a police riot van to select this incredible donation of toys. The day left everyone involved with lots of toys and lots of smiles."

A video of Elliot's shopping trip and the donation can be viewed on our YouTube channel here.

_To keep up with Elliot 's fundraising efforts, visit Elliot's Fight on Facebook._

The barbeque and raffle was supported by:

 * The White Hart pub, Welwyn village
 * Tesco
 * Simmons bakery
 * Alexandra Burke, singer
 * Kim Wilde, singer
 * Nick Knowles, from TV's DIY S.O.S
 * Rusty Firmin, former SAS soldier who stormed the Iranian embassy
 * John Lewis
 * Arla
 * The Hollybush pub, Welwyn Garden City
 * The Chieftain pub, Welwyn Garden City
 * Ian Stephenson Ltd, jewellers
 * Box of Delights, Welwyn Village
 * Big Green Egg
 * Luton and Herts Insurance Institute
 * Colourwheel Art Classes
 * Vita, Welwyn Village
 * XO village wines
 * Taj Mahal, Welwyn Village
 * Roche
 * Watford Football Club
 * The Town Inn, Hatfield
 * The Two Willows pub, Welwyn Garden City
 * Mardleybury Farm
 * The Wellington pub, Welwyn
