```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating a sexual assault in Watford are issuing a month\u2019s anniversary appeal to several people who may have witnessed what happened to come forward and speak to police."
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: Anniversary appeal following a sexual assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/anniversary-appeal-following-a-sexual-assault-in-watford-0840
```

* ### Detectives have released an anniversary appeal for a sexual assault that occurred in Watford

 * ### It happened on Tuesday 6 October on the footpath between St Albans Road and Bridle Path

 * ### The victim recalls several people being nearby when the assault happened - can you help? Please contact police quoting 41/80193/20 if you have information.

Detectives investigating a sexual assault in Watford are issuing a month's anniversary appeal to several people who may have witnessed what happened to come forward and speak to police.

It happened on the footpath between St Albans Road and Bridle Path, behind the Holiday Inn, just after 5.50am on Tuesday 6 October.

The victim, a woman in her 30s, was walking when a man approached her before touching her inappropriately.

She pushed him off and in doing so fell to the ground. The offender ran off in the direction of St Albans Road. The victim was physically uninjured.

The suspect is described as white, of medium build and around 5ft 11in tall. He was wearing a black jacket and a black hoodie.

Detective Constable Lewis Mortimer, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We have made extensive enquiries into this incident since it was first reported to us. The victim recalls several people being in the vicinity when the assault happened, so today on the anniversary of the offence we are appealing for those people to come forward.

"It happened at a time when many people would have been walking to the railway station. Were you there? Did you see a physical altercation between a man and a woman? If you noticed anything, even if you think it was insignificant, please get in touch."

You can email DC Mortimer at lewis.mortimer2@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/80193/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
