```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: One week on from the murder of a 15-year-old boy in Waltham Cross, detectives have released footage of the last time he was seen alive on CCTV.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2017
title: "Jacob Abraham murder appeal \u2013 one week on"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jacob-Abraham-murder-appeal-one-week-on
```

* ### Detectives investigating the murder of Jacob Abraham have released footage of the last time he was seen alive on CCTV

 * ### The clip shows him buying bread in Iceland on the High Street in Waltham Cross

 * ### Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent is keen to speak to any young people in the Hurst Drive area between 8.30pm and 9.30pm

One week on from the murder of a 15-year-old boy in Waltham Cross, detectives have released footage of the last time he was seen alive on CCTV.

The footage, which can be viewed here, shows Jacob Abraham buying several loaves of bread in Iceland on the High Street in Waltham Cross at 4.40pm on Thursday, December 7.

He then returned home to help his mother make sandwiches before the pair travelled to their church in Edmonton and distributed the food among homeless people.

Jacob and his mother then travelled home to Hurst Drive and arrived just before 8.30pm, where the teenager received a number of phone calls and left the address.

Sometime between 8.30pm and 9.30pm, the Capel Manor College student was fatally stabbed in a service road that runs behind Hurst Drive.

Jacob attempted to run home but never arrived, and instead was found collapsed and dying by his 19 year old brother. Despite the efforts of his brother, members of the public and paramedics, Jacob was pronounced dead at the scene at 10.15pm.

Officers are keen to speak to any young people who were in the area of Hurst Drive between 8.30pm and 9.30pm on the evening on December 7. They would also like to speak to anyone who saw a group of teenagers running from the scene.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "This poignant footage shows Jacob running an errand for his mother before they both committed an act of kindness in giving sandwiches to the homeless. Just hours later, Jacob had been murdered.

"This is an especially upsetting case due to Jacob's young age, and my officers are doing all they can to establish who is responsible for his murder. We have gathered witness accounts, are looking at hours of CCTV footage and our enquiries are continuing but again I appeal to the community to come forward and tell us what they have seen, and what they know.

"We are especially keen to speak to any young people who may have been in the area of Hurst Drive between 8.30pm and 9.30pm on December 7, and also any residents who witnessed a group of teenagers in the area, or running from the scene. Did you hear any conversations that may be helpful to our investigation?

"I strongly believe the clues to why Jacob has been murdered lies within the community of Waltham Cross, and I urge those who have information and have not yet spoken to us to please come forward. Help us give Jacob's family the answers they deserve."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/17/5470 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Jacob Abraham
