```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 17 Mar 2020
title: "Assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-bishops-stortford-1549e
```

* ## The incident occurred in South Street.

 * ## A man was knocked unconscious after being approached by a group of males.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Bishop's Stortford. The incident occurred in South Street, at around 2.20am on Sunday 15 March.

The victim, a man aged in his mid-20s, was walking through the town centre with friends when they were approached by a large group of males.

The group then started to physically assault the man, causing him to lose consciousness and fall to the floor.

He sustained an injury to his lip which required stitching.

Investigator Nickie Morris, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "We are still in the early stages of our investigation and are following a number of lines of enquiry, to establish the circumstances around what happened and identify the suspects.

"I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident take place, or who may have seen a large group in the area at the time, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email. You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/23020/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
