```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged indecent exposure in Letchworth Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2018
title: "Appeal following alleged indecent exposure \u2013 Letchworth Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-indecent-exposure-letchworth-garden-city-0612G
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged indecent exposure in Howard Park on August 2.

 * ### The offender is described as white, aged in his 50s, around 5ft 7in in height and of skinny build.

 * ### Can you help? Please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/23788/18.

Officers investigating an alleged indecent exposure in Letchworth Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Howard Park, off Rushby Mead, at 5pm on Thursday, August 2.

The victim, a woman in her 20s, was approached by the offender, a man, in the park.

He engaged the victim in conversation before indecently exposing himself to her. He also touched himself inappropriately.

The offender is described as white, aged in his 50s, around 5ft 7in in height and of skinny build.

He was wearing a black coat with two zips, brown suit trousers with stains on them, brown socks and a floppy green hat. One of his trouser legs was tucked into his sock. He was also carrying two carrier bags.

PC Mathew Vincenti, who is investigating, said: "At the time of the incident, the park was very busy and there were lots of people in the vicinity.

"I am keen to speak to anyone who saw a man matching the description in the park, or saw the incident happen.

"If you have any information, please email me, report online or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/23788/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 55-year-old man from Watford has been arrested in connection with this incident and released under investigation while enquiries continue.
