```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Watford.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-watford-1304c
```

* ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Watford.

 * ## On Saturday 4 January a property in Greenback Road was broken into.

 * ## A large amount of cash and had been stolen.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Watford.

On Saturday 4 January, between 2pm and 7.30pm, a property in Greenbank Road was broken into.

An untidy search of the property had taken place, and a large amount of cash and Asian gold had been stolen.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, who is investigating, said: "The victim is understandably devastated by the loss of their possessions, and the damage caused to their property. It is believed that the suspect(s) gained entry to the property by damaging the back gate and door.

"If you were in the area around the time specified and believe you may have witnessed the incident taking place, or believe you may have witnessed someone behaving suspiciously, please get in touch. Any information, even something that might seem small or insignificant, could be key to us solving a case."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Vint directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/1091/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
