```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Fifty-five vehicles were stopped by police during a multi-agency operation to tackle fly-tipping and rogue traders in Harpenden on Wednesday (May 22).
publish:
  date: 24 May 2019
title: Day of action to combat fly-tipping and rogue traders in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Day-of-action-to-combat-fly-tipping-and-rogue-traders-in-Harpenden-0268
```

* ### Fifty-five vehicles were stopped by police during a multi-agency operation on Wednesday (May 22).

 * ### Two vehicles were found to be uninsured.

 * ### Another driver was caught using his mobile phone whilst driving.

Fifty-five vehicles were stopped by police during a multi-agency operation to tackle fly-tipping and rogue traders in Harpenden on Wednesday (May 22).

Of those stopped, two vehicles were found to be uninsured and one was found to be driven otherwise than in accordance with a licence. Another driver was caught using his mobile phone whilst driving. As a result, one vehicle was seized.

St Albans Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "This was a multi-agency operation to deal with rogue traders and people who fly-tip in Harpenden. Without these operations, vehicles would be travelling uninsured and be dangerously overloaded. We want to send a clear message to people who flout the law that we will catch up with you and you may have your vehicle seized or face prosecution."

The operation was led by the Harpenden and St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Teams with colleagues from Trading Standards, Driver & Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), Environmental Health and St Albans City & District Council. The operation was held at Harpenden Rugby Club ground on Redbourn Lane.

Other offences and results included:

 * A £300 fine for a tacograph offence.
 * Two DVSA-led prosecutions for vehicles being over loaded.
 * Five people being prosecuted for eight offences relating to waste carrying.
 * The Environment Agency are now investigating nine drivers for further offences.
 * Numerous vehicle prohibition notices were served by the DVSA.

Eight traders were given business advice from Trading Standards so they could trade legitimately and they also advised legitimate local traders about who they could report rogue traders to in confidence.Senior Trading Standards Officer Yvonne Bartlett added: "This was a very well-run and productive event. Networking with other agencies also means we can work together to hopefully prevent fly-tipping and rogue trading happening in the community. This will make residents of the St Albans district safer."
