```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Dacorum are warning the public to think of personal safety and security first when considering travelling to meet someone to hand over property that has been advertised for sale online.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2019
title: Reminder to remain vigilant when using online selling sites
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Reminder-to-remain-vigilant-when-using-online-selling-sites-2503
```

* ### Officers are reminding people to think of personal safety and security when considering travelling to meet someone to sell items that have been advertised online.

 * ### Hemel Hempstead has seen incidents where thieves posing as buyers have snatched the goods and left without paying.

 * ### On some occassions the seller has been threatened and even assaulted.

Police in Dacorum are warning the public to think of personal safety and security first when considering travelling to meet someone to hand over property that has been advertised for sale online.

Inspector Jeff Scott from the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "There have been all too frequent instances of people advertising items for sale online and being tricked into delivering goods to thieves.

"We have seen incidents in Three Cherry Trees Lane, the Woodhall Farm shopping precinct and Bayford Close.

"When the victims, who sometimes have no local knowledge about the location they are visiting, arrive at the arranged meet up points they hand over the goods to potential purchasers for examination and the offenders run off with the item without paying for it.

"In some cases there have been incidents where the victims has been assaulted or threatened.

"If you do want to use an online selling site please exercise caution, especially in circumstances where payment has not been made in advance.

"Make sure you look at the buyer's profile to check their history and that they have genuine details. If you are arranging to meet someone to sell or buy an item, always meet in a busy public place covered by CCTV, and take someone else with you. However, I must stress that even taking these precautions may not prevent you from becoming a victim of crime.

"It's also worth being wary of people who offer to pay over the odds for an item. Many people use these sites to buy goods at a reduced price so, if an offer sounds too good to be true, it usually is.

"If you have any suspicions or concerns about the person you are dealing with, walk away."

If you believe you have been targeted in similar circumstances or think you may know who is committing crime in this way, please report it to police via the non-emergency number 101 or online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
