```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police carried out a warrant at a flat in Monument Court, Stevenage, this morning (Monday, November 26).
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2018
title: Two arrested following warrant in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-arrested-following-warrant-in-Stevenage-2140
```

Police carried out a warrant at a flat in Monument Court, Stevenage, this morning (Monday, November 26).

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team and Scorpion Team entered the address under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 following complaints of suspected drug dealing.

A 20 year old man from Milton Keynes and a 22 year old man of no fixed address were both arrested on suspicion of obstructing a drugs search. They both remain in police custody at this time.

During a search of the property hundreds of pounds in cash was seized along with suspected weapons, including a samurai sword and flick knife. Two bicycles, which are suspected to have been stolen, were also recovered. Enquiries are on-going.

Stevenage Chief Inspector Alicia Shaw said: "My officers executed the warrant this morning based on intelligence provided by members of the public.

"This operation demonstrates how vital it is that people share information with us about suspected drug dealing and other suspicious activity so that we can take the appropriate action.

"This type of enforcement action has to be carefully planned with risk assessments carried out to ensure the safety of the public and officers. Although you may not see us taking action straight away please be assured that information received from the public is taken seriously and further enquiries that you will probably not be aware of are conducted by us.

"If you have information about any unusual behaviour in your neighbourhood that you think may be linked to criminal activity please let us know by calling the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"Alternatively you can also contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken and you will never need to go to court.
