```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident in Elstree are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2021
title: Appeal following animal attack in Elstree
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-animal-attack-in-elstree-1143
```

* ### Detectives investigating an incident in Elstree are appealing for witnesses and information.

 * ### At around 8pm on 16 January, police were called to a field off Elstree Hill South.

 * ### Upon arrival, officers found a pig that had sustained multiple stab wounds.

Officers investigating an incident in Elstree are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 8pm on Saturday 16 January, police were called to a field off Elstree Hill South to reports of animals in distress.

Upon arrival, officers found a pig that had sustained multiple stab wounds.

It sadly died from its injuries.

Detective Constable Jennifer Mills, who is investigating, said: "We are conducting extensive enquiries, with the support of officers in our Rural Operational Support Team (ROST) to establish the circumstances surrounding this incident. It is clear that the animal was subjected to a sustained and brutal attack.

"I would like to appeal to anyone who may have any information about what happened to get in touch with me as soon as possible. I'd particularly be keen to hear from anyone who was driving in either direction along Elstree Hill South A5183 between the hours of 7.30pm and 8.30pm that has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle.

"Any information, even something that may seem relatively minor, could be key to our investigation."

If you have any information, you can contact DC Mills directly via email at Jennifer.Mills@herts _.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/3974/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

 * One person, a man from West London, has been arrested in connection with the incident. He has since been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.
