```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-Watford
```

* ### Police want to speak to a man who came to the aid of a woman following an alleged assault in Watford.

 * ### The victim, aged in her 30s, was reportedly assaulted in Villiers Road.

 * ### She suffered facial injuries including a suspected fractured nose and required surgery.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged assault in Watford.

At around 6.20am on Saturday, June 16, it was reported to police that a woman, aged in her 30s, had been assaulted by a man known to her in Villiers Road.

She suffered facial injuries including a suspected fractured nose and required surgery.

Detective Sergeant Gordon King, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area around the time stated and may have seen what happened to get in touch.

"I'm particularly keen to speak a man who came to the woman's aid before police arrived at the scene as he will have information that is key to this investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DS King by emailing gordon.king@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/8264/18 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 33 year old man from Hemel Hempstead has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm. He has been police bailed until July 7 while enquiries continue.
