```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A vehicle was seized by police in Abbots Langley after it was seen being driven in a careless manner.
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2018
title: Vehicle seized following anti-social driving
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vehicle-seized-following-anti-social-driving-2159c
```

* ### The vehicle was seen driving in a careless manner.

 * ### The driver had previously been issued with a section 59 warning.

 * ### Driving in this manner could lead to serious or even fatal consequences.

A vehicle was seized by police in Abbots Langley after it was seen being driven in a careless manner.

Officers were able to seize the vehicle under section 60 of the Police and Reform Act 2002 on Wednesday night (November 28), as the driver had already been issued with a section 59 warning back in August, for anti-social driving.

A section 59 warning is issued in circumstances where vehicles are found to have been used in a manner which causes distress, alarm or annoyance. The warnings cover both the vehicle and the driver.

If the driver or vehicle is stopped again within the next 12 months for displaying the same behaviour, police have the power to seize the vehicle and possibly crush it.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Simmons said: "Tackling anti-social use of vehicles is one of our current policing priorities in Abbots Langley. We have received numerous calls from residents around the issue and have been taking action against anyone caught using vehicles in this manner. A number of section 59 warning notices have been issued and we will not hesitate to seize vehicles if people continue with this behaviour.

"Riding or driving in this way could lead to serious, or even fatal, consequences. It also causes misery for local residents and will not be tolerated."

He added: "This vehicle was seized thanks to information from members of public. If you see anyone riding or driving in this way, please contact police. Try and get a good description of the driver and make a note of any registration numbers."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101 or report it online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.
