```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two 18-year-old men and three teenage boys are due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 21 December in relation to conspiracy to commit GBH and conspiracy to rob in St Albans and London Colney between December 9, 2019 and September 30, 2020.
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2020
title: 'Update re: Six teenagers at Crown Court in connection with serious violence and related crimes in St Albans and London Colney'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/update-re-six-teenagers-at-crown-court-in-connection-with-serious-violence-and-related-crimes-in-st-albans-and-london-colney
```

* ## Two 18-year-old men and three teenage boys are due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 21 December in relation to conspiracy to commit GBH and conspiracy to rob in St Albans and London Colney.

 * ## One of the 17-year-old boys and the 16-year-old boy have been remanded.

 * ## Detectives from the St Albans Local Crime Unit have been thoroughly investigating a series of serious violent assaults and associated robberies that occurred between December 9, 2019 and September this year across St Albans and London Colney.

Two 18-year-old men and three teenage boys are due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 21 December in relation to conspiracy to commit GBH and conspiracy to rob in St Albans and London Colney between December 9, 2019 and September 30, 2020.

They are:

 * Kobi Nelson, aged 18, of De Parys Avenue in Bedford
 * Mason Monahan, also aged 18, of Broadwater Crescent in Welwyn Garden City
 * A boy aged 16
 * Two boys aged 17

One of the 17-year-old boys and the 16-year-old boy have been remanded.

Oliver Wallace-Greaves, age 24, of Cottonmill Crescent in St Albans has been reported for assisting offender.

Detectives from the St Albans Local Crime Unit have been thoroughly investigating a series of serious violent assaults and associated robberies that occurred between December 9, 2019 and September this year across St Albans and London Colney.

You can report information online or intelligence or by speaking to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. You can also call the non-emergency number 101.

You can tell us your view via echo - simply go to St Albans echo and have your say.

Follow us on Facebook and Twitter **@ St Albans Police** and join our Online Watch Link (OWL) (opens in a new window) for emails about crime in your area.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
