```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Ware are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-ware-md2326
```

Officers investigating a burglary in Ware are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 8am on Wednesday, January 2 and 9.30pm on Thursday, January 3, a property in Greyfriars was broken into.

Offender(s) conducted an untidy search and high value jewellery boxes were emptied on the bed,

Various jewellery was taken including a gold ring and a silver ring both with three diamonds (pictured), and a third ring.

A safe was also forced open with items found over the living room floor.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area between the times stated and believed they saw anyone acting suspiciously to get in touch.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who believes they may have been offered the stolen jewellery for sale."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Turner by emailing _shaun.turner@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/979/19.

Residents can make their homes more secure by following some basic crime prevention advice such as:

 * Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 * Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 * Visit **www.owlprotect.uk** for discounts on security products.

As well as contacting the investigating officer directly, you can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
