```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are advising Welwyn Hatfield van owners to take steps to protect their vehicles following an increase in thieves targeting vans in the borough.
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2019
title: Advice to van owners in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-to-van-owners-in-welwyn-hatfield-0855
```

* ### Welwyn Hatfield van owners are urged to take steps to protect their vehicles following an increase in thieves targeting vans in the borough

 * ### Over the last couple of weeks, there has been an increase in reports of thieves breaking into vans to steal either tools or the van itself

 * ### If you have any information about the van thefts in Welwyn Hatfield, call the non-emergency number 101

Officers are advising Welwyn Hatfield van owners to take steps to protect their vehicles following an increase in thieves targeting vans in the borough.

Over the last couple of weeks, there has been an increase in reports of thieves breaking into vans to steal either tools or the van itself.

Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Wayne Nash said: "While we are doing everything in our power to trace those responsible and bring them to justice, I want to remind van owners of the simple steps they can take to help prevent them from being becoming a victim.

"The easiest step to take is to make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows whenever you leave your van unattended. Unfortunately, we have seen cases where people have left their vehicles insecure and consequently thieves have gained access and driven away with the van.

"Don't leave any valuables visible and remove tools from your van overnight. If you can't remove the tools, then it is a good idea to fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.

"Consider parking your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to get inside and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have one.

"We also recommend using an approved steering lock or gear clamps. For more advice please go to our website."

If you have any information about the van thefts in Welwyn Hatfield, call the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
