```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 31-year old man from Dagenham pleaded guilty to two counts of Possession of a Class A Drug with Intent to Supply after he appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Friday, November 17.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2017
title: Man pleads guilty after police seize thousands of pounds worth of Class A drugs in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-pleads-guilty-after-police-seize-thousands-of-pounds-worth-of-ClassA-drugs-in-Hatfield-1181B
```

* ### Man arrested in Hatfield with a large amount of heroin and cocaine in his possession which police seized.

 * ### After an appearance at Hatfield Remand Court the man pleaded guilty.

 * ### It is believed the drugs seized could be worth around £30,000.

 * ### The offender is due to be sentenced on December 15 at St Albans Crown Court.

A 31-year old man from Dagenham pleaded guilty to two counts of Possession of a Class A Drug with Intent to Supply after he appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Friday, November 17.

Ewing Nseti , from Marston Avenue, Dagenham, was arrested and charged on November 16.

The arrest was made while on South Way in Hatfield when Operation Scorpion officers were undertaking Operation Vinic ***** patrols in the area. A member of the public informed officers they had seen a man who appeared to be behaving suspiciously.

Officers then located a man fitting the description and searched him. He was arrested and taken to Hatfield Police Station. The man's vehicle was also taken to the station and thoroughly searched. A specialist drugs dog was involved and indicated that something suspicious had been secreted in the car, but was not visible. Officers removed the centre console in the interior of the car where the dog had indicated and discovered large amounts of heroin, cocaine and a quantity of cash. It is believed the drugs seized could be worth around £30,000.

Following his guilty plea, Ewing Nseti was detained in custody and is next due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on December 15 for sentencing.

***** Operation Vinic is an on-going drive aiming to tackle Class A and Class B drugs offences in Hatfield and associated ASB, some of which is believed to be fuelled by offenders crossing over Hertfordshire's borders from London.

**Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who leads Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit, said:** "We are delighted to have made this arrest and seizure and get this hugely significant amount of Class A drugs off the streets of Hatfield.

"We are determined to put a stop to the possession, supply and use of drugs in Hatfield, some of which is being fuelled by offenders coming into Hatfield from London. The arrest, charge and subsequent guilty plea of Ewing Nseti is a really significant part of this and I will look forward to the outcome of his sentencing.

"I would like to thank the member of the public who informed us they saw a man behaving suspiciously while my officers were patrolling. Such information can significantly help us in the fight against drugs as it has in this instance."

Arrest Class A drugs Class A drugs
