```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following an increase in motor vehicle thefts over recent weeks, police are issuing advice to residents to help them secure their vehicles.
publish:
  date: 24 Oct 2018
title: Advice issued after vehicle thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Advice-issued-after-vehicle-thefts-1931
```

* ## Drivers urged to keep cars secure following increase in thefts

 * ## Theft of cars has increased by eight per cent since April 2018

 * ## Hertsmere, East Herts and Dacorum had biggest increases in thefts

Following an increase in motor vehicle thefts over recent weeks, police are issuing advice to residents to help them secure their vehicles.

Motor vehicle thefts have increased by more than eight percent since April (when compared with the same period last year). The areas with the largest increases are:

 * Hertsmere up from 85 offences last year to 135 (58 per cent increase)
 * East Herts up from 65 offences last year to 83 (27 per cent increase)
 * Dacorum up from 122 offences last year to 150 (23 per cent increase)

Thieves have been stealing keys that have been left inside homes, close to letter boxes or insecure windows and doors, enabling them to drive the vehicles away. Key fobs should never be left close to doors or windows, where thieves are able to use equipment which can pick up the signal from the key fob and relay it to the vehicle to unlock the doors.

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit said: "Most of the newer vehicles in the UK now use very sophisticated security systems, however criminals are using technology which enables them to bypass these systems allowing them to gain access and steal vehicles.

"You should never give anyone you do not know access to your keys or vehicle and when using remote central locking check the door to ensure they really are locked before leaving your vehicle. You should also get into the habit of storing your fob as far away from your vehicle as possible when at home. Placing keyless entry fobs in a metal box or faraday pouch will make your vehicle even safer."

Following some of these steps will also help to protect your vehicle:

 * Never leave your vehicle keys close to the front door of the home and always keep them in a place of safety. If your vehicle has a keyless entry system ensure you place the vehicle tablet key in your home address, as far away from the vehicle as possible, ideally place the key in a metal box or protective cover to prevent the key signal being read. Approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
 * Always lock your vehicle. If possible, park your vehicle in a locked, alarmed garage.
 * Consider fitting an 'OBD safe' device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's on board diagnostic port, in the vehicle cabin. This prevents criminals using software to code an electronic key for the vehicle. Approved products can be found at www.protectavan.co.uk
 * Never hand vehicle keys over to a third party or leave the vehicle unattended at a valet parking, car wash or other parking places, where criminals can gain access to the vehicle and code a key electronically.
 * If your vehicle is fitted with on board wi-fi consider switching this facility off, if you do not need it which will reduce the chance of criminals hacking into the vehicle' system; your banking details or personal data from linked devices.
 * Consider fitting a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS, to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection. Devices approved by Thatcham help to combat this type of vehicle theft, as vehicles equipped with a tracking device are often promptly recovered. To find our more visit www.tracker.co.uk.
 * Criminals can also employ remote/keyless entry jamming equipment; so make sure your car is locked by physically by trying the door handle and viewing the indicators flash, before leaving it.
 * Ensure that 'home' on your vehicle 'Sat Nav' is shown as the post code of your local police station and not your actual home address.
 * If advertising your vehicle for sale online, ensure that the registration number is not displayed when photographed to avoid the cloning of its identity. Always accompany prospective purchasers on a test drive and carry a mobile phone with you for contact in the event of emergency.
 * Consider replacing van locks with a high security door lock that is resistant to picking or breaking and slam or deadlocks. Approved products can be found at www.protectavan.co.uk
