```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Photographs of jewellery stolen in burglaries across St Albans have been released by police in a bid to trace the property and identify the offenders.
publish:
  date: 2 Jan 2019
title: Do you recognise this distinctive jewellery from St Albans burglaries?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-this-distinctive-jewellery-from-st-albans-burglaries-md2306
```

Photographs of jewellery stolen in burglaries across St Albans have been released by police in a bid to trace the property and identify the offenders.

"If you recognise this distinctive jewellery or have been offered it for sale, please get in touch as soon as possible," said Detective Constable Colin Workman.

A Michael Kors watch, a man's yellow gold necklace with a lion's claw (pictured), a man's white gold necklace with a cross with an Irish pattern on it with matching cufflinks, some Kenyan currency, a Gucci Raymond wheel Sayco watch, yellow gold oval cufflinks and a small safe were stolen from an address in Park Street Lane between 5pm and 5.10pm on Friday December 14.

Three offenders forced their way into an address in Birchwood Way in Park Street at around 6.30pm on Friday December 14. A resident was at the property during the burglary who was asked where the gold was. They quickly searched the property and stole a phone before leaving.

Between 7.40pm and 8pm on Monday October 8, 2018, a lady's TW steel Goliath watch, a gold chain (pictured) and a Tag watch (pictured) were stolen from an address in Central Drive. The thieves parked on Hazelwood Drive in a light-coloured Ford S-Max and entered the rear garden of the property via Hazelwood Drive.

DC Workman added: "These offences are amongst a number of burglaries that have occurred in recent months in St Albans. If you recognise the jewellery or know who may be responsible or have any information, no matter how small, please call police on 101 quoting the reference numbers above."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Workman by emailing colin.workman@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
