```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft from a vehicle in Buntingford.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2021
title: Did you witness theft from vehicle in Buntingford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-theft-from-vehicle-in-buntingford-1340a
```

* ### The incident occurred in Snells Mead.

 * ### The window of a vehicle was smashed and a bag was taken.

 * ### Witnesses are being sought.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft from a vehicle in Buntingford.

The incident occurred in Snells Mead, sometime between 4.50pm and 5pm on Wednesday 17 March.

The front passenger window of the vehicle was smashed and a small black bag was taken from within.

A man was seen running from the vehicle, towards the BP garage on the A10.He is described as being of mixed race, around 5ft 10in tall, aged approximately in his mid-20s, with short black hair. He was wearing all black clothing.

PC Ashleigh Deacon, who is investigating, said: "While there was nothing of particular value in the bag, the victim is now faced with the expense and inconvenience of getting the damaged repaired.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident, or who thinks they may have seen someone in the area matching the description given, to please come forward.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to remind people to please double check that all valuables have been removed from vehicles when leaving them unattended. While people should be able to feel confident that their belongings will be safe, sadly it takes just seconds for an opportunist thief to take advantage."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact PC Deacon via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/19278/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
