```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "An estimated \xA310,000 worth of illegal cigarettes and a large amount of hand rolling tobacco was seized as police supported an operation carried out by Trading Standards officers."
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2019
title: "\xA310,000 worth of illegal cigarettes seized from store in Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/10000-worth-of-illegal-cigarettes-seized-from-store-in-stevenage-0491
```

* ### Police seized a large quantity of illegal cigarettes from a store in Stevenage.

 * ### The seizer of this illegal contraband was a joined effort between the police and Trading Standards.

 * ### An investigation looking into the incident is currently underway.

An estimated £10,000 worth of illegal cigarettes and a large amount of hand rolling tobacco was seized as police supported an operation carried out by Trading Standards officers.

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team joined Hertfordshire Trading Standards on Friday 12 July who carried out an inspection of a store in The Forum, Stevenage.

An investigation to establish the authenticity of the tobacco is currently underway by Hertfordshire County Council.

Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Nic Achilleos said: "The police will continue to work with Hertfordshire Trading Standards to disrupt any suspected illegal trading.

"Consumers are warned to avoid the temptation to save money by purchasing illegal cigarettes, as they are not bound by ingredient checks."

Hertfordshire County Council's Cabinet Member for Community Safety and Waste Management, Terry Hone said: "Investigations are ongoing after this successful operation led by our Trading Standards officers. We are grateful to Hertfordshire police and the other agencies involved for their support."

 * A 35-year-old man from Stevenage was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon, he has now been released from custody with no further action being taken.
