```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2021
title: Witness appeal following sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-hemel-hempstead-1300d
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought following a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead on Tuesday morning (10 March).

 * ### It took place on a footpath between Woodland Close and Crouchfield.

 * ### Call 101 quoting **41/17245/21 if you can assist with enquiries.**

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.

It has been reported that at around 8.30am yesterday (Wednesday 10 March) a teenage girl was assaulted on a footpath between Woodland Close and Crouchfield. She was physically uninjured, but was left shaken and is being supported by officers.

Officers are looking to trace a white man, aged in his 20s, around 5ft 10ins tall, of slim build, with brown hair, who was wearing a blue tracksuit. He was seen in the area at the time and could assist with enquiries.

Detective Constable Tom Hassall, of the Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a distressing incident and one which we are taking very seriously.

"The girl has been left understandably shaken and now I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone that has information about this to come forward.

"Additionally, if you have any dashcam footage or ring doorbell footage covering the area around Gravel Hill Terrace, Woodland Avenue, Beechfield Road or Crouchfield between 7.30am and 9.00am yesterday morning then please get in touch.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at tom.hassall@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/17245/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/herts-echo and tell us your thoughts.
