```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in South Oxhey.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2019
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-south-oxhey-0256c
```

* ### Two males attempted to rob a woman in Chilwell Gardens, South Oxhey, on Friday, May 17.

 * ### They tried to take the victim's handbag but she refused to let go.

 * ### The offenders punched her before running off empty handed.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in South Oxhey.

At 11.30pm on Friday, May 17, the victim - a woman aged in her 40s - was walking along Chilwell Gardens when she was approached from behind by two males.

They pushed her in the back causing her to fall into the road before attempting to take her handbag. The victim refused to let go of her handbag and was punched by the offenders.

They then ran off empty handed.

The offenders are described as being around 5ft 4in tall, of slim build and wearing dark clothing.

Detective Constable Nicky Stewart, who is investigating, said: "This attack lasted several minutes so I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed what happened or believes they saw the offenders in the area before or after the attempted robbery to please get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact DC Stewart by emailing, report information online _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/44406/19._

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.
