```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary can confirm that the overnight protest in Waltham Cross has now concluded with access restored to local businesses.
publish:
  date: 5 Sep 2020
title: Protest in Waltham Cross update
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/protest-in-waltham-cross-update-1-0586
```

* ### 50 arrested in protest event in Waltham Cross

 * ### Business has returned to normal in Great Eastern Road area

 * ### Police remain in the area to monitor the situation

Hertfordshire Constabulary can confirm that the overnight protest in Waltham Cross has now concluded with access restored to local businesses.

The protest took place on Great Eastern Road outside of the Newsprinters printing works, with the initial report coming in at around 10pm last night (Friday 4 September). The force worked throughout the night to minimise disruption to businesses and the public.

Some 50 people are now in custody having been arrested on suspicion of causing a public nuisance.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "The initial phase of the policing response to the protest is concluded, and normal business in the area has resumed. However we continue to deal with a large number of people in custody and associated investigations into offences.

"This was an intentionally disruptive protest with minimal co-operation received from those protesting.

"All of those taking part in the protest have been arrested, thankfully without injury to either police officers or any of the protesters. We will be keeping a police resources in the area to monitor the situation.

"The complex nature of the protest meant that removing protestors from the location was very challenging. We would like to thank the public and local businesses for their patience in this matter."

Further updates will be shared once they become available.
