```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following attempted robbery -Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-robbery-Hitchin-1218G
```

* ### Man attempted to snatch woman's purse after telling her she had dropped a £10 note.

 * ### It happened in the car park at Asda in Hitchin.

 * ### The woman managed to keep hold of her purse and the offender made off.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hitchin.

On Monday (November 20) a woman, aged in her 50s, was approached in the Asda car park off Queen Street by a man who told her she had dropped a £10 note and asked her to check in her purse.

When the victim opened her purse to check inside the offender attempted to snatch her credit card. The victim snatched her purse away and closed it.

The offender then walked off and climbed over railings onto Queen Street.

He is described as being a white man, aged between 20 and 30 years old, of stocky build with short black hair that is slightly thinning on top, clean shaven with thick black eyebrows. He was wearing a black jacket with a hood that has a white motif on the left side of the chest, grey trousers and black trainers with white soles.

Detective Constable Sarah Walsingham, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not injured during the incident but she was understandably shaken by the ordeal.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was at the store or in the car park around the time stated and saw a man matching the description to get in touch, as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Walsingham via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/17/3665 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
