```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses who are believed to have walked past a silver car in St Albans in which a man was indecently exposing himself.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: Appeal following report of indecent exposure in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-report-of-indecent-exposure-in-st-albans-1148f
```

* ## Officers are appealing for witnesses who are believed to have walked past a silver car in which a man was indecently exposing himself.

 * ## The incident happened in Hatfield Road on Friday 1 January.

 * ## A 32 year old man from Borehamwood has been arrested.

 * ## If you can help, contact PC Daniel Judge by calling 101 and quoting crime reference 41/363/21.

Officers are appealing for witnesses who are believed to have walked past a silver car in St Albans in which a man was indecently exposing himself.

At around 9am on Friday 1 January, two 15 year old girls were walking past Tesco Express in Hatfield Road when they heard a noise. They turned round and reportedly saw a man who was indecently exposing himself as he sat in a car.

The man is said to have then driven off towards Morrisons before turning around and driving past them towards the city centre.

PC Daniel Judge said: "A 32 year old man from Borehamwood has been arrested in connection with this incident and I hope that gives peace of mind to local residents.

"Our enquiries suggest that the road was relatively busy at the time and a number of people would have walked past the car. Were you in the area? Did you walk past? Perhaps you were driving by and caught the vehicle on dash cam?

"Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/363/21."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo _and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
