```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following several shed burglaries in Wigginton.
publish:
  date: 7 May 2019
title: Appeal following shed burglaries in Wigginton
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-shed-burglaries-in-wigginton-0171d
```

* ### There have been four shed burglaries in Wigginton.

 * ### Various items were stolen including bicycles, garden equipment and tools.

 * ### Officers are appealing for information and witnesses.

 * ### Residents are also being asked to review their garden and shed security.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following several shed burglaries in Wigginton.

The offences happened overnight between Saturday, April 27 and Sunday, April 28.

They are:

 * Hemp Lane: Overnight, five bicycles and tools were stolen from a shed. Three of the bicycles have since been recovered. (Crime reference 41/38325/19)
 * Hemp Lane: Overnight stables were broken into. Three wheelbarrows, tools, car parts and meat stored in two chest freezers were stolen. (41/38172/19)
 * Hemp Lane: At around 2am a mountain bike was stolen from a shed (41/38118/19)
 * Fox Hill: Overnight a lawnmower was stolen from a garden shed (41/38144/19)

PC Sue Desmond from the Tring and Berkhamsted Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We are linking these shed burglaries and believe they were carried out by the same offender(s).

"As part of our enquiries we would like to speak to the driver of a white Mercedes Sprinter Van with the registration beginning LM12 as it was seen in the area and we believe the driver may have information that could help us with our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Desmond by emailing, reporting information online _, or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting the relevant crime number._

_If you 'd rather remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on _0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form.

PC Desmond added: "I'd also like to take this opportunity to urge residents to review their garden and shed security, checking gate and shed locks to ensure they are robust and fit for purpose."

Further crime prevention advice can be found on our website. You can also contact your local PCSO for crime prevention advice.
