```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two further people have been arrested in connection with the murder of 23 year old Cameron Hill in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2019
title: Two further people arrested in connection with Hatfield murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-further-people-arrested-in-connection-with-hatfield-murder-0476
```

* ### Two further people have been arrested in connection with the murder of 23 year old Cameron Hill in Hatfield

 * ### The first is a 47 year old woman from Hatfield, who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender

 * ### The second is an 18 year old man from London, who was arrested on suspicion of murder

Two further people have been arrested in connection with the murder of 23 year old Cameron Hill in Hatfield.

Yesterday (Thursday 11 July), an 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of murder. He has been bailed until Thursday 8 August.

On 28 June, a 47 year old woman from Hatfield was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. She has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

At 1.25am on Monday 10 June, the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in St Peters Close, off St Albans Road West.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services at the scene, and later at Lister Hospital, Cameron, from North Mymms, sadly died.

Officers are still appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Anyone with any information should contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 25 of June 10.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * **Christy Bishop, age 37, of St Peters Close, Hatfield; Nicholas Pitts, age 38, of Stockbreach Road, Hatfield; and a 16-year-old boy from Hatfield, have all been charged with murder. They will next appear at St Albans Crown Court on 12 August.**

 * **A 51 year old man from Hatfield who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender is released under investigation while enquiries continue.**

 * A 47 year old woman from Hatfield who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender is released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * **A 48 year old man from Bristol, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, was released with no further action.**
