```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses following an assault in Potters Bar on Saturday morning (October 5).
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2019
title: Witness appeal following assault in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-potters-bar-0869
```

* ### An assault took place in Potters Bar on Saturday 5 October around 9.30am.

 * ### One man suffered a broken wrist.

 * ### Witnesses are asked to call 101 and quote reference number 41/90163/19.

We are appealing for witnesses following an assault in Potters Bar on Saturday morning (October 5).

The incident took place in the Elm Court Youth & Community Centre car park on Mutton Lane, at around 9.30am.

Two men became involved in an altercation, during this one of the men was pushed and fell which resulted in a broken wrist.

Detective Constable Ian Waldock of the Borehamwood Local Crime Unit said: "This incident took place in the car park while both men were waiting for a boot sale to open.

"There will have been others also waiting in the area and so I'm appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please get in touch."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/90163/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * A 55 year old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of assault and a public order offence, he has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
