```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary has been ranked 121 in Stonewall\u2019s Workplace Equality Index (WEI), climbing over 60 places from last year."
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary climbs over 60 places in Stonewall's Workplace Equality Index
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-climbs-over-60-places-in-Stonewalls-Workplace-Equality-Index-2428PR
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary has been ranked 121 in Stonewall's Workplace Equality Index (WEI), climbing over 60 places from last year.

The WEI is an annual audit of workplace culture for LGBT+ staff across the country and the results are announced every year at the end of January.

Since 2005, the LGBT+ rights charity has been running the audit as a powerful benchmarking tool to help employers create inclusive workplaces. This year, a total of 445 organisations took part in the audit.

The Constabulary was ranked 188 in 2018, and over the past year has taken a number of steps to ensure that LGBT+ colleagues are well supported. In November 2018, the Constabulary issued a transgender toolkit, in line with forces up and down the country, which will help officers who are transitioning as well give guidance to their line manager.

The past year has also seen the Constabulary break a 33 year tradition in a bid to support its LGBT+ employees further. The police patrol flat cap was introduced as a gender neutral option in May 2018, with both male and female police officers and police community support officers being given the choice to wear it.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Constabulary's lead for Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, said: "We are delighted to have risen up so many places in this year's WEI - it recognises our hard work and commitment. However there's still work for us to do.

"The Constabulary is committed to supporting the LGBT+ community and this doesn't just include the public living and working in Hertfordshire, but our colleagues too. It's vital that our LGBT+ colleagues feel comfortable and confident at work, both for their wellbeing and so that they can deliver a good service to the public."

Emma Kosmin, Index and Benchmarking Manager at Stonewall, said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary's success is a testament to all their hard work and dedication to workplace inclusion over the last year. With Hertfordshire Constabulary's support, we are one step closer to creating a world where all lesbian, gay, bi and trans employees are accepted without exception."
