```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are reminding motorists to ensure they leave their vehicles secure after three vehicles were broken into in Letchworth
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: Motorists are reminded to secure their vehicles after break-ins
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Motorists-are-reminded-to-secure-their-vehicles-after-break-ins-1334G
```

* ### Three vehicles have been broken into in Letchworth.

 * ### Residents are reminded to ensure they secure their vehicles.

Officers are reminding motorists to ensure they leave their vehicles secure after three vehicles were broken into in Letchworth.

Two incidents happened in Lytton Avenue and one on Hitchin Road overnight between December 14 and 15.

**PC Matt Hopkins, from Letchworth 's Safer Neighbourhood Team, said:** "To make your vehicles less attractive to thieves it's so important to make sure they are securely locked and no valuables are on display."

**He added:** "Anyone with information about these offences, or who witnessed any suspicious behaviour in the areas where the offences happened, can contact me via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously, contact the crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice to motorists:**

 * **It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.**

 * Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.

 * Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.

 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.

 * Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 * Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.

Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.

If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.

For more motoring crime prevention advice visit.
