```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are releasing several images of suspected stolen jewellery that was recovered in Abbots Langley in the hope of tracing its owner(s).
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2019
title: "Appeal after jewellery is recovered \u2013 Abbots Langley"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-jewellery-is-recovered-abbots-langley-2426
```

* ### Do you recognise these distinctive pieces of jewellery?

 * ### They were recovered in Leavesden Country Park earlier this month and are suspected stolen

 * ### If they belong to you, please get in touch

Officers are releasing several images of suspected stolen jewellery that was recovered in Abbots Langley in the hope of tracing its owner(s).

The items were discovered in Leavesden Country Park just after 5.30pm on Friday, January 18 by a member of the public who was walking her dog.

Her dog went to retrieve his ball from undergrowth when he sat down and would not move.

She then investigated and discovered the items in the bushes before calling police.

Sergeant Chris Simmons, from the Chorleywood and Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are very grateful to the member of the public for alerting us to these items, which we have reason to believe are stolen.

"Some of the items are distinctive and are likely to be someone's sentimental belongings, so we are keen to return them to their rightful owner.

"If you recognise any of these items, please email me on christopher.simmons@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting ISR 627 of January 18. You can also speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101."
