```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are trying to trace several members of the public who came to the assistance of a woman after her handbag was stolen in Watford High Street.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2018
title: Did you help robbery victim in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-help-robbery-victim-in-watford-2111C
```

* ### The incident occurred in Watford town centre.

 * ### A group of people are reported to have intervened.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives are trying to trace several members of the public who came to the assistance of a woman after her handbag was stolen in Watford High Street.

Between 11.10pm and 11.20pm on Saturday, November 17, a woman aged in her 60s was outside Halifax bank with her husband, when the bag was allegedly taken.

A group of people chased a man from the scene and managed to retrieve the bag.

PC Daniel Card, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "Although very shaken, thankfully the victim was not injured during the incident and her property was returned, following the swift actions of these Good Samaritans.

"Unfortunately, they did not leave their details and I am keen to trace these people as soon as possible, as they may have vital information which could assist the ongoing investigation.

"I'm also keen to hear from anyone else who was in the area at the time and saw what happened."

Anyone with information should contact the Watford Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/57190/18. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 33-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the investigation and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
