```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2021
title: Did you witness incident in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-watford-1278c
```

* ### The incident occurred in Whipendell Road.

 * ### A man is alleged to have waved a weapon while shouting.

 * ### An arrest has been made and witnesses are being sought.

Detectives investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police were called shortly before 8.50pm on Tuesday (2 March) following a disturbance in Whippendell Road.

It was reported that a man had been seen waving a weapon - described as an axe - and shouting at the occupants of a passing vehicle.

Officers attended the scene, alongside colleagues from the Armed Policing Unit and a man was detained.

No one was hurt during the incident.

Detective Constable Amy Tilson, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries to establish the circumstances around the incident are continuing at this time. We are appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or who may have captured dash cam footage, to please come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact DC Tilson via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/15386/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

• A man has been arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon and a public order offence. He has been released on bail while enquiries continue.
