```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to four years in prison after he was stopped in Hatfield in possession of drugs and a knife.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2019
title: Man sent to prison after being found with drugs and a knife in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sent-to-prison-after-being-found-with-drugs-and-a-knife-in-hatfield-0914b
```

* ### Dwayne Gerald, age 29 of Ellenby Crescent, London, was stopped by officers from Operation Scorpion in Foxhollows.

 * ### Operation Scorpion is a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime.

 * ### Gerald appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 4 October.

A man has been sentenced to four years in prison after he was stopped in Hatfield in possession of drugs and a knife.

Dwayne Gerald, age 29 of Ellenby Crescent, London, was stopped by officers from Operation Scorpion in Foxhollows on 18 April 2018.

Operation Scorpion is a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime - such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences - by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.

Gerald was arrested and charged with possession of class A drugs (crack cocaine and heroin) with intent to supply, possession of class B drugs (cannabis) and possession of a bladed article.

He appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 4 October.

PC Angela Wilcox, from Operation Scorpion, said: "I am glad that Gerald will spend a considerable amount of time behind bars. Drugs destroy communities and Hertfordshire Constabulary will not tolerate any kind of illegal drug activity. We do all we can to disrupt the local drugs trade and we seized around 30 wraps of class A drugs during this arrest, along with £636 in cash.

"I hope that the residents of Welwyn Hatfield feel reassured that a knife has been taken off our streets, with the offender brought to justice. There is a never a justified reason to carry one even if you think it will protect you. It simply puts you in more danger and as this case shows, you could end up in jail."

If you have information about drug dealing, drug use or knife crime in Welwyn Hatfield, report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

** **
