```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 35-year-old man has been charged with burglary following two incidents in Wormley during the early hours of Friday morning (January 25).
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Man charged with burglary following incidents in Wormley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-burglary-following-incidents-in-wormley-2447k
```

A 35-year-old man has been charged with burglary following two incidents in Wormley during the early hours of Friday morning (January 25).

At around 2.25am officers were called to an address in Westlea Road after it was reported a property had been broken into. A second address in the road was then found to be insecure by officers.

As officers entered the property a person fled from the house.

Officers searched the area and were assisted by a handler and dog from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit.

A suspect was subsequently located and detained.

Craig Barnes, of no fixed address, has been charged with two counts of burglary and will appear at St Albans Crown Court on February 25.

A second man, who is 29-years-old, was also arrested in connection with the incident and has since been released under investigation.

Anyone with information in connection with this incident should contact Detective Constable Elaine Adams by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/7997/19. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
