```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Do you know a young person in Hertford and Ware who is seeking new challenges and experiences?
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2019
title: Join Hertford and Ware police cadets
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/join-hertford-and-ware-police-cadets-0629
```

* ### The Hertford and Ware police cadet group is seeking new members.

 * ### The scheme is open to people aged 13 to 18.

 * ### It's a great way to learn new skills and make new friends.

Do you know a young person in Hertford and Ware who is seeking new challenges and experiences? Joining Hertfordshire's Volunteer Police Cadet scheme could be the answer.

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

The Hertford and Ware group launched in June 2015 and is currently the second largest of the county's 11 units.

They have won numerous awards for their social action partnership project, ACHIEVE CARE, which helps tackle social isolation among older members of the community, and have been runners up in the National Cadet Competition twice.

Detective Constable Rob Scott, who leads the Hertford and Ware Cadets alongside Chief Inspector Luke Whinnett, said: "As some of our older members prepare to move on, we are now looking for new cadets to join us. It's a great way to learn new skills and make friends, while also helping your local community. You don't have to have ambitions to join the police but, if it is a career you are interested in pursuing, this is a great place to start."

David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, said: "Our Volunteer Police Cadets are a credit to our police force and to the county of Hertfordshire.

"They play a vital role in supporting the local neighbourhood teams and I would encourage people to get involved and help make a difference to the community they live in through this great scheme."

Anyone interested in joining is asked to please email robert.scott@herts.pnn.police.uk in the first instance, who will answer any questions or provide further information.
