```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are re-appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Stevenage where an officer was injured.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2019
title: Re-appeal following collision where police officer was injured
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-following-collision-where-police-officer-was-injured-2362e
```

* ### Officers are still working to identify a car that collided with a stationary police vehicle in Stevenage and failed to stop at the scene on December 23.

 * ### An officer was injured in the collision and required hospital treatment while two members of the public suffered minor injuries.

 * ### Anyone who saw a dark coloured vehicle with extensive damage to its front around the time of the collision is asked to contact police.

Police are re-appealing for information and witnesses following a collision in Stevenage where an officer was injured.

At around 3am on Sunday, December 23, two police officers stopped a black Nissan Juke in Gresley Way. Their patrol car was stationary behind the Juke.

As officers were speaking to the occupants, a vehicle collided with the rear of their police vehicle. It caused the police car to collide with the Juke.

One of the officers was between the two vehicles and suffered injuries. He required hospital treatment and was later discharged. The Juke's two occupants sustained minor injuries.

The vehicle that collided with the police car failed to stop at the scene.

Sergeant Jeanette Walker, who is investigating, said: "We are still working to identify the driver who failed to stop and locate the vehicle involved.

"We know the vehicle is dark in colour and would have suffered extensive damage to its front.

"I'm sure there is someone out there who will know who was driving this car - perhaps your neighbour came home in a badly damaged car back in December? Or you work in a car garage and were asked to repair a car matching the description at some stage soon after the collision.

"Please cast your minds back and consider whether you may have seen anything that could help our investigation. Any information, no matter how small it might seem, may be the key to helping us locate the motorist and car."

Anyone with information can contact Sgt Walker by emailing, calling the non-emergency number, quoting ISR 106 of December 23. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
