```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 44-year-old man from Stevenage has been jailed for a total of ten months after pleading guilty to a number of shoplifting offences.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2020
title: Man jailed for shoplifting offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-shoplifting-offences-1933e
```

* ## A 44-year old man has been jailed for a total of 10 months.

 * ## He was found guilty of six shoplifting offences and one burglary.

 * ## He stole over £1,000 worth of meat from various businesses in Stevenage between 1 November and 5 December.

A 44-year-old man from Stevenage has been jailed for a total of ten months after pleading guilty to a number of shoplifting offences.

David Delancy appeared at Cambridge Crown Court on Monday 3 February where he pleaded guilty to the following charges that all relate to incidents in Stevenage:

 * Theft of meat from The Coopers Inn, Magpie Crescent, on Friday 1 November.
 * Theft of meat from The Co-op, Shephall on Wednesday 6 November.
 * Theft of alcohol from B&M Bargains, London Road, on Sunday 10 November.
 * Burglary of The Coopers Inn, Magpie Crescent, on Thursday 14 November.
 * Theft of meat from Sainsburys, Magpie Crescent, on Sunday 17 November.
 * Theft of meat from The Co-Op, Shephall on Wednesday 20 November.
 * Theft of meat from The Co-Op, The Oval, on Thursday 5 December.

In total, over £1,000 worth of meat was stolen.

He was sentenced to 2 months concurrent for five of the shoplifting offences, a further two months for another shoplifting offence, and six months for the burglary.

DC Ben Swapp, who investigated the case, said: "Delancy is a prolific offender, who targeted a number of different shops and businesses across the town. We hope that his arrest and sentence gives the local shop and business owners some peace of mind, and shows that we take offences of this nature very seriously."

If you need to report a shoplift or theft, you can do so online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, or call our non-emergency contact number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, please call 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Stevenage using echo. Go to bit.ly/echo-stevenage and have your say.
