```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an arson in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 19 May 2020
title: Appeal following arson in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-arson-in-welwyn-garden-city-0131b
```

* ## Police were called at 1.54am on Tuesday 12 May to assist the fire and rescue service at the scene of a fire in Bridge Road.

 * ## A Honda motorbike was alight in the underpass between John Lewis and Waitrose.

 * ## The fire is believed to have been started deliberately at around 1.45am.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an arson in Welwyn Garden City.

Police were called at 1.54am on Tuesday 12 May to assist the fire and rescue service at the scene of a fire in Bridge Road.

A Honda motorbike was alight in the underpass between John Lewis and Waitrose and the flames had spread outside onto shrubbery.

Officers attended the scene and arranged recovery for the motorbike which is suspected to be stolen. The fire is believed to have been started deliberately at around 1.45am.

Detective Constable Natasha Crombie, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully nobody was injured but this reckless and thoughtless behaviour caused thousands of pounds worth of damage.

"I would like to hear from anyone who saw what happened or anyone who witnessed suspicious activity in the area around the time of the incident. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital for the investigation.

"Three males on a moped were seen in the area around the time of the fire and we would be keen to speak to them to see if they can assist our enquiries.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/37145/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
