```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a photo of a bike stolen from Hatfield in a bid to trace it.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2019
title: Appeal to trace stolen bike
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-stolen-bike-2695b
```

* ### On February 22, a man stole the bike and its lock from the bike rack outside The Galleria.

 * ### He made off in the direction of Cavendish Way.

 * ### If you can help, contact PC Darren Turner on 101 or through email at darren.turner@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/17497/19.

Officers have released a photo of a bike stolen from Hatfield in a bid to trace it.

Between 2.18pm and 2.31pm on Friday, February 22, a man stole the bike and its lock from the bike rack outside The Galleria in Comet Way. He then made off in the direction of Cavendish Way.

PC Darren Turner, who is investigating, said: "The bike is a black and turquoise Scott Hybrid. I'd like to hear from anyone who thinks they have seen it or been offered it for sale.

"I would also encourage anyone who has any other information about the theft to get in touch.

"If you can help, please get in contact on the non-emergency number 101 or by emailing quoting crime reference 41/17497/19."

Below are a number of steps you can take to help prevent your bike from being stolen:

 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen or contact your local cycle shop, as most will mark them for a small cost. You can contact us for advice on other property marking initiatives available.
 * Register your bike on www.immobilise.com, a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.
 * Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into the newsagents.
 * The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.
 * Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
