```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A boy has been arrested following an alleged attempted robbery in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2019
title: Boy arrested following alleged attempted robbery in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/boy-arrested-following-alleged-attempted-robbery-in-harpenden-1014f
```

* ## A boy has been arrested following an alleged attempted robbery in Harpenden.

 * ## At around 3.30pm on Friday 8 November, a 15 year old boy was reportedly approached by another young person in Manland Way who attempted to steal from him.

 * ## The boy, aged 15, has been bailed until Friday 6 December.

A boy has been arrested following an alleged attempted robbery in Harpenden.

At around 3.30pm on Friday 8 November, a 15 year old boy was reportedly approached by another young person in Manland Way who attempted to steal from him.

The offender was reported to have been in possession of a small knife and it is alleged that he punched the boy during the incident.

St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "A 15 year old boy from St Albans has been arrested on suspicion of assault and possession of a knife. He has been bailed until Friday 6 December.

"We will not tolerate knife crime and thankfully incidents like this are unusual in Harpenden. If you have any information about what happened please get in touch by calling 101 quoting crime reference 41/101209/19.

"You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
