```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Bishop\u2019s Stortford after police in East Herts took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour (ASB)."
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2017
title: "Police close an address in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-close-an-address-in-bishops-stortford-1154A
```

* ### **A Closure Order has been secured on a flat in Park View, Bishop 's Stortford. **

 * ### **The new Closure Order bans anyone from entering the property for three months.**

 * ### **Police have taken action following numerous complaints from local residents.**

A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Bishop's Stortford after police in East Herts took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 on a flat at 29 Park View, Bishop's Stortford. The property was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the property in an anti-social manner, committing crime, drug dealing and causing a disturbance.

Following continued reports of ASB over the past six months, the case was heard at Stevenage Magistrates Court on Monday, November 13, where a Closure Order was granted banning anyone from entering the property for three months.

The Closure Order will ensure that the premises is completely sealed and should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000 - or both.

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Paradigm Housing and East Herts District Council to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order. The police had received numerous calls from members of the public about ASB at the address.

East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Mark Collins, said: "The closure was sought following numerous complaints from the address from concerned residents who were affected by the behaviour of the occupants and associates.

"We take reports like this very seriously and by working closely with our partner agencies we have now secured this Closure Order, banning anyone from entering the property and anyone found breaching this order will face further police action.

"Closure Orders should be taken very seriously as this is a power that we will use to tackle anti-social behaviour and I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour to the police."

East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Chris Hunt, said: "By taking this action to now fully close the address, we hope to provide neighbours with some respite from the on-going issues. The Community Safety Partnership has worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the application."

A separate partial closure order has been granted for a further property at the address which restricts entry other than to those specified on the order.
