```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to robbery, theft and fraud following incidents in Cheshunt and north London.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: Man jailed following robbery and theft in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-following-robbery-and-theft-in-cheshunt-1308
```

* ### A man has been jailed after taking handbags from women in Cheshunt.

 * ### The two victims were aged in their 80s and 60s.

 * ### The incidents took place on 28 November 2019.

A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to robbery, theft and fraud following incidents in Cheshunt and north London.

Alex Negomireanu, aged 22, of Elizabeth Way, Harlow, Essex, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Friday 17 January. He entered a guilty plea and was sentenced to two years in prison.

On Thursday 28 November 2019 an 84 year old woman had her handbag snatched from her in Bellamy Road, Cheshunt. The same day on Windmill Lane, Cheshunt a woman in her 60s also had her handbag stolen.

Stolen bank cards were then used in numerous stores in north London.

Investigating officers made enquiries and Negomireanu was identified as a suspect. He was subsequently arrested in Hoddesdon.

The judge sentenced Negomireanu to 12 months for theft from a person and 12 months for robbery with the terms to be served consecutively. He was also sentenced for 6 months for two counts of fraud with each to run concurrently.

Detective Constable Paul Dicker, of the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "In these instances Alex Negomireanu travelled into Broxbourne and targeted older women in a bid to steal their handbags. These incidents caused obvious distress to the victims in each case.

"He was quickly identified and arrested and we're pleased he has been taken off the streets and given a custodial jail sentence."

Chief Inspector Craig Flint, the District Commander for the Borough of Broxbourne, added: "This is a fantastic result and is testament to the hard work and commitment of my policing teams in Broxbourne.

"I hope the hard work and commitment of our officers in their tenacity and dedication in bringing this individual to justice serves to reassure our communities that if you come to our borough to commit crime you will be held fully to account for your actions.

"Furthermore, we will continue to focus on violent crime and recognise the impact on its victims. I am determined to ensure that we have the right resources and people in place to deter these vile criminals and to maintain our borough as a safe and pleasant place to live, work and visit."

You can report information about crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
