```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery that occurred in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following robbery in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-in-CroxleyGreen-1106C
```

* ### A 16 year old boy was robbed in Dickinson Avenue at around 11pm on October 31.

 * ### His iPhone, keys and headphones were taken.

 * ### The offender is described as a white man, who is around 5ft 8in tall and aged around 17 or 18 years old. He was wearing a hooded jumper with the hood up and jogging bottoms.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police via 101.

Officers investigating a robbery that occurred in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 11pm on Tuesday, October 31, the victim - a 16 year old boy - was walking along Dickinson Avenue when he was approached from behind by an offender who grabbed him.

He took the victim's iPhone, keys and headphones from his pockets before making off.

The offender is described as a white man, who is around 5ft 8in tall and aged around 17 or 18 years old. He was wearing a hooded jumper with the hood up and jogging bottoms.

Detective Constable Nicola Stewart, who is investigating, said: "This would have been a frightening ordeal for the young victim but thankfully he was not harmed during the robbery.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area around the time stated and may have seen a man acting suspiciously or making off to get in touch with me."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Stewart via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/17/3379, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
