```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man found guilty of hare coursing in Redbourn has been fined, received three points on his driving licence and will have his car crushed by police.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: "Hare coursing man\u2019s car to be crushed"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hare-coursing-mans-car-to-be-crushed-0425D
```

* ### A man found guilty of hare coursing in Redbourn has been fined, received points on his driving licence and will have his car crushed by police.

 * ### St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek said he'd made a commitment to the rural community that his officers will work with farmers and landowners to reduce crime.

 * ### McDonagh's vehicle will be crushed within two weeks.

A man found guilty of hare coursing in Redbourn has been fined, received three points on his driving licence and will have his car crushed by police.

Patrick McDonagh, aged 47, of Three Cherry Trees Lane in Hemel Hempstead, pleaded not guilty to hare coursing on December 20, 2017 in Punch Bowl Lane, Redbourn but was convicted on Wednesday June 13 at St Albans Magistrates Court.

Rural and Wildlife Officer, PC Jane Flemons, said: "A member of the public reported seeing a Lurcher dog chasing a hare across the field. McDonagh was found in Punch Bowl Lane with two Lurchers, two German Shepherds and a Springer Spaniel along with his Ford Mondeo."

His vehicle was seized by police and he was reported for the offence of 'trespassing on land in pursuit of game, contrary to Section 30 of the Game Act 1831.' He was further reported for driving offences including having a bald tyre and having no car tax.

McDonagh denied hare coursing but was found guilty. He pleaded guilty to the driving offences and was fined £60, ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £30, and court costs of £620, totalling £830\. He also received three points on his licence for the driving offences.

St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek said: "We've made a commitment to the rural community that we will work with farmers and landowners to reduce crime. We know hare coursing can have a damaging effect on farmers and landowners and we will use our powers, including crushing criminals' vehicles, to make it hard for them to operate. Without his car, McDonagh will struggle to cause further harm to our rural communities."

McDonagh's vehicle will be crushed within two weeks.
