```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Brookmans Park on Tuesday (23 March).
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following serious collision in Brookmans Park
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-in-brookmans-park-1366
```

* ### The collision took place on the Great North Road on Tuesday (23 March) at around 2.15am

 * ### Two vehicles were involved - a white BMW X1 and a Ford Transit milk float

 * ### Both drivers remain in hospital

 * ### If you can help, call 101 or email Sgt Craig Wheeler at craig.wheeler@cambs.pnn.police.uk quoting Op Irrigate

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision in Brookmans Park on Tuesday (23 March).

At around 2.16am, a white BMW X1 and a Ford Transit milk float, were involved in a collision on the Great North Road.

Both drivers suffered serious injuries and were taken to hospital. A passenger in the milk float sustained minor injuries and was also taken to hospital.

Sergeant Craig Wheeler, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Both of the drivers still remain in hospital and we are carrying out enquiries to establish the circumstances of the collision.

"I am appealing for anybody who saw the collision, or the events leading up to it, to get in touch. Similarly, if you have information, I'd like to hear from you.

"If you were driving in the area and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please check it and contact us if you spot something that might help.

"Please get in contact by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me at craig.wheeler@cambs.pnn.police.uk quoting Op Irrigate."

You can report information online (opens in a new window) or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat (opens in a new window) or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting Op Irrigate.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in a new window).
