```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed in connection with burglary offences which were committed in Potters Bar and Bushey, and conspiracy to commit burglary in London.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2019
title: Two men jailed for burglary offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-men-jailed-for-burglary-offences-md2343
```

* **Two men have been jailed in connection with burglary offences which were committed in Potters Bar and Bushey, and conspiracy to commit burglary in London**

 * **Shane Brady was sentenced to seven years and Alex Attico was sentenced to three and a half years in prison at St Albans Crown Court on Monday (January 7)**

 * **The pair committed four burglaries in October 2017 and Brady committed another burglary while on bail in August 2018**

Two men have been jailed in connection with burglary offences which were committed in Potters Bar and Bushey, and conspiracy to commit burglary in London.

Shane Brady, aged 32, of Haringey Park in London was sentenced to seven years and Alex Attico, aged 21, of Braybrook Street in London, was sentenced to three and a half years in prison at St Albans Crown Court on Monday (January 7).

Attico was jailed for committing three burglaries, conspiracy to commit burglary, dangerous driving and driving whilst disqualified and Brady was jailed for committing four burglaries, conspiracy to commit burglary and affray.

Attico and Brady were arrested on October 8 2017 in Holders Hill Parade, London following reports of the pair breaking into a property in Garratts Road, Bushey.

Alex Attico

They were charged with committing burglaries in Garratts Road, Little Bushey Lane and Hurstwood Drive in London on October 6 and October 8 2017, and released on bail while police enquiries continued. Attico was also charged with dangerous, driving with no insurance and driving while disqualified.

On August 27 2018, police executed a warrant at Brady's home address and he was arrested for a further burglary offence committed in Elmroyd Avenue, Potters Bar two days earlier. Brady had been identified by officers through video enabled doorbell footage that had captured him breaking into the address.

Brady and Attico pleaded guilty to all the charges on December 14, 2018 at St Albans Crown Court.

Stolen property was recovered from the Volvo they used in the burglaries, including a laptop, an Apple Mac, and a range of high value jewellery which officers have now returned to the rightful owners.

Shane Brady

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "Shane Brady and Alex Attico committed a spree of burglaries. They had a complete disregard for their victims and thought they could evade police detection. It is thanks to great work by our officers that these prolific criminals are now behind bars and we have been able to return stolen property to the rightful owners.

The Hertsmere Local Crime Unit and our Specialist Investigation Team put together a strong case and worked with the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to ensure these offenders were brought to justice.

"We fully understand the devastating impact that burglary has, both on the victims themselves and the wider community. We have been working hard to bring offenders to justice and will continue our relentless pursuit of those involved in crime."

With fewer hours of daylight at this time of year, we are urging people to follow some simple crime prevention advice to make their home less attractive to burglars. As the afternoon grows darker earlier in the winter, homes are often left unlit, which can provide opportunities for thieves. Burglars will often target empty homes so make sure your home has a lived in look.

Use timer switches on a lamp, radio or TV set so that they turn on as it gets dark in the afternoons. You should also keep house and car keys out of sight in a safe place. If you witness any suspicious activity, please report it to police and always dial 999 if a crime is in progress. Further crime prevention advice is available on Hertfordshire Constabulary's website - www.herts.police.uk.
