```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged robbery in Watford this morning (Monday, December 24) are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2018
title: Did you witness alleged robbery at Watford cash machine?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-alleged-robbery-at-watford-cash-machine-2287c
```

* ### An elderly couple were approached as they withdrew cash from an ATM.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives investigating an alleged robbery in Watford this morning (Monday, December 24) are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

At around 8.30am, an elderly couple were withdrawing money from a cash machine in the High Street, near Natwest, when they were reportedly approached by a man who barged into them, took the cash and ran off.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victims were not injured during the incident but have been left shaken by what happened. There were a number of people in the area at the time and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please get in touch with us."

Anyone with information should contact the Watford Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 127 of December 24. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A man has been arrested in connection with the incident and remains in police custody at this time.
