```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Saturday 25 November marked the launch of the Hertfordshire Domestic Abuse Partnerships \u2018Spotlight on Domestic Abuse\u2019 campaign\nLed by Hertfordshire County Council, working with Hertfordshire Constabulary and partners across our health, community and voluntary sectors."
publish:
  date: 28 Nov 2017
title: Shining the Spotlight on Domestic Abuse in Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/shining-the-spotlight-on-domestic-abuse-in-hertfordshire
```

Saturday 25 November marked the launch of the Hertfordshire Domestic Abuse Partnerships 'Spotlight on Domestic Abuse' campaign.

Led by Hertfordshire County Council, working with Hertfordshire Constabulary and partners across our health, community and voluntary sectors; Spotlight on Domestic Abuse 2017 will be 16 days of awareness raising action to shine a light on the effects of domestic abuse and help people to find the right help and support in Hertfordshire.

Domestic abuse is not just about violence, domestic abuse is about the power and control someone (or a group) exerts over someone else. It is any incident or pattern of controlling, coercive or threatening behaviour, violence or abuse by a current partner, ex-partner, or wider family or community member.

Every four days throughout the campaign we will focus on reaching a specific group of people who are more likely to experience barriers or difficulties in seeking advice, reporting incidents or getting help

• Day One-Four: Spotlight on domestic abuse where the abuser or victim is a partner or family member and also a carer

• Day Five-Eight: Spotlight on domestic abuse against men

• Day Nine-Twelve: Spotlight on domestic abuse of people with a disability

• Day Thirteen-Sixteen: Spotlight on domestic abuse within the LGBTQ community.

Colette Wyatt-Lowe, executive Member for Adult Care and Health said;

"The number of incidents being reported in Hertfordshire is increasing, however we know that there is generally under-reporting from a range people from different equality groups."

"This year's Spotlight on Domestic Abuse campaign aims to not only highlight the great partnership working we have here; but also to show that we do have support in place which is tailored to support people from every walk of life. Our hope is that this will remove one more barrier to anyone who may be living in fear and that they approach us for help."

Nationally, around 17% of men will have experienced some form of domestic abuse from the age of 16 and 1 in 6 will experience it at some point in their lifetime. We know that people with a disability are twice more likely to be a victim of domestic abuse and are also twice less likely to protect themselves or access support. Of the LGBTQ population in the UK, over 38% of people disclosed experiencing domestic abuse at some point since they became an adult.

Detective Chief Superintendent Mick Ball, Chair of Hertfordshire's Domestic Abuse Partnership Board, said: "Domestic abuse reports continue to rise* year on year, as more and more people have the confidence to come forward and report what has happened to them. However some people may feel more barriers than most to reporting for a variety of reasons.

"We have reinvigorated our forcewide response to domestic abuse, Operation Oak, with more training for frontline officers and a renewed commitment to giving the best service to victims. Domestic abuse can affect people across society, from all ages and backgrounds. Whatever the circumstances the abuse is occurring in, our officers will be able to offer support to victims that is appropriate for their situation. Their priority is to protect people from abuse.

"You can show your support for our Spotlight on Domestic Abuse campaign by liking and sharing our posts; use #SODA to help us raise awareness and to share your own thoughts with us during the campaign.

To find out more visit. If you, or anyone you know, is affected or concerned by domestic abuse call the Hertfordshire Domestic Abuse Helpline free and in confidence on 08 088 088 088 (9am-9pm Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Sat/Sun). In an emergency, always dial 999.

*Between April 1 and October 31, 6,380 domestic abuse crimes were recorded in Hertfordshire. This is 650 (11.3 per cent) more than the same period in 2016.
