```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged and a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs has been seized after a member of the public reported suspicious behaviour in Hatfield on Tuesday, February 6.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2018
title: Two arrested and charged in Hatfield after suspected drugs seizure
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-arrested-and-charged-in-Hatfield-after-suspected-drugs-seizure-1595B
```

* ### Two arrested and charged after drugs seizure.

 * ### A large quantity of suspected drugs was also seized.

 * ### Both men are due to appear At St Albans Crown Court in March.

Two men have been charged and a large quantity of suspected Class A drugs has been seized after a member of the public reported suspicious behaviour in Hatfield on Tuesday, February 6.

At approximately 11.20am a member of the public reported to police that they had seen two people who they alleged were acting suspiciously in Stream Woods, off Honeysuckle Gardens in Hatfield. Police officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Operation Scorpion Team and Safer Neighbourhood Team were called to the scene, located one the suspects and arrested him.

Another man was arrested shortly after outside an address in Foxglove Close. Police then conducted a search of the address. Once inside the property, officers discovered a large quantity of what is believed to be Class A Drugs, thought to hold a potential street value of around £10,000. The suspected drugs were seized and both men were taken back to police custody in Hatfield.

The men were detained in custody and were charged on February 7. They are:

 * Twenty-one-year-old Eisha Merchant, from Palmer Place in Islington, was charged on suspicion of possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply and possession of an offensive weapon.
 * Twenty-one-year-old Rae Carroll, from Harrisson Close, in Northwood, London, was charged with possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply.

Both men appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on February 8 where they were released on bail with conditions, including having to wear an electronic tag curfew between 9pm and 6pm. They are next due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on March 9.

To help police in their fight against drug related crime, anyone who witnesses any suspicious behaviour is advised to contact police and report it via the non-emergency number 101 or 999 if you believe a crime is on-going. Any information provided, no matter how seemly insignificant, could be crucial to investigations.
