```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have released an image of two men they would like to trace following a robbery in St Albans Road, Watford.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2018
title: "CCTV appeal \u2013 robbery in Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-robbery-in-Watford-1986
```

* ### Image released following robbery in Watford

 * ### Did you see men running from incident in St Albans Road?

 * ### Call 101 with information

Police have released an image of two men they would like to trace following a robbery in St Albans Road, Watford.

At around 11.30am on Monday October 22, two men entered a business premises located between the junctions with Leavesden Road and Lowestoft Road. They threatened staff with a hammer and a knife but ultimately left the building with nothing of value.

They ran off in the direction of Lowestoft Road and across St Albans Road. They narrowly avoided being struck by two passing vans, one of which was a large white box van.

Detective Constable David Herring, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are trying to trace the two males pictured who were seen in the area around the time of the robbery. They may have information that could assist us with our enquiries.

"I would also appeal to members of the public who may have been in the area to contact us with any information. Did you see the incident or see men running away from the scene? Did you see what direction they ran in or do you have dash cam footage of the incident if you were driving past? The information you have may be vital to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/48813/18, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
