```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a yellow Volvo EC25 digger and a whacker plate in Hoddesdon.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following theft of digger and whacker plate
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-of-digger-and-whacker-plate-1271
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a yellow Volvo EC25 digger and a whacker plate

 * ### The theft occurred in Westfield Road, Hodddesdon at approximately 4.30pm on Monday, November 27

 * ### Anyone with information should contact PCSO Lauren Arnold on 101 or lauren.arnold@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a yellow Volvo EC25 digger and a whacker plate in Hoddesdon.

The theft occurred in Westfield Road at approximately 4.30pm on Monday, November 27. At this time, a vehicle, described as a white transit type of van, pulled up and offenders were seen loading the items into the van.

PCSO Lauren Arnold, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who saw anything suspicious in the area around the time to get in touch. Did you see anyone loading items of these descriptions into a van?

"Anyone with any information should contact me on lauren.arnold@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K1/17/3066 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

_ _
