```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision where two people were injured in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 24 Aug 2018
title: Witness appeal following collision in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-in-hitchin-1697
```

* ### Police are investigating after two people were injured following a collision in Hitchin

 * ### It happened on Burford Way, near to the junction with Bedford Road, just after 1pm on Monday, August 6.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and in particular anyone who has repaired a white Mercedes with a damaged windscreen

Officers investigating a collision where two people were injured in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Burford Way, near to the junction with Bedford Road, just after 1pm on Monday, August 6.

The victims, a man in his 20s and a 17-year-old girl, were walking on the pavement when a car was in collision with them. The car, a white Mercedes, then left the scene.

The man suffered cuts and bruises and the girl suffered minor grazing to her knee. Neither of them required hospital treatment.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident and has not yet spoken to police, or anyone who saw a white Mercedes in the area at the time stated.

The vehicle may possibly have damage to its windscreen following the incident, so officers are appealing to mechanics and those who work in garages to recall whether they have recently worked on a white Mercedes with front end damage.

If you have any information, however seemingly insignificant, please get in touch as it could prove vital to the investigation.

Anyone with information should contact DC Simon Goodship on simon.goodship@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/24786/18. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
