```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are investigating and appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a farm in Gubblecote, near Tring.
publish:
  date: 28 Apr 2020
title: Witness appeal following burglary near Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-burglary-near-tring-0064
```

* ### A large amount of pre-packaged chicken meat was stolen from a farm in Gubblecote, near Tring

 * ### Did you witness any suspicious activity or vehicles overnight from Sunday 26 April to Monday 27 April?

 * ### If you have any information, please contact police quoting reference 41/33517/20

Officers are investigating and appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a farm in Gubblecote, near Tring.

Between 11pm on Sunday 26 April and 7.30am on Monday 27 April, offender(s) broke into several outbuildings at College Farm on Wingrave Road.

They stole a pressure washer and a large quantity of pre-packaged chicken meat, labelled 'Potash Farm Foods'.

PC Sarah Scanlon, who is investigating, said: "We believe the offender(s) may try and sell the meat, so we would like to hear from anyone who has been offered Potash Farm Foods chicken for sale in unusual circumstances. Perhaps you have seen it for sale online or on social media?

"We are also keen to hear from anyone who saw any suspicious activity or vehicles that looked out of place on Wingrave Road overnight between the 26th and 27th of April.

"If you live nearby and have CCTV fitted to your property that covers the main road, please contact us as you may have captured something of significance."

If you have any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to police, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/33517/20**.

You can email PC Scanlon at sarah.scanlon2@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
