```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a bilking offence at a Tesco fuel station in Bushy Heath are releasing images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following bilking offence at fuel station \u2013 Bushey Heath"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-bilking-offence-at-fuel-station-bushey-heath-2614j
```

* ### At around 2.05pm yesterday (February 21), an offender filled up his vehicle at the garage in High Road before leaving without paying and driving off towards Watford.

 * ### Officers are releasing images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries as he may be able to assist the investigation.

 * ### Anyone who recognises him is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/17063/19.

Police investigating a bilking offence at a Tesco fuel station in Bushy Heath are releasing images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

At around 2.05pm yesterday (February 21), an offender filled up his vehicle at the garage in High Road before leaving without paying and driving off towards Watford.

His number plates were covered with what is believed to be black tape.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as they believe he may have information that could assist their enquiries.

Anyone who recognises him or has information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact PC Gerard Handscombe by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/17063/19 or report details online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
