```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who went on the run for two decades after killing a man in St Albans over a fake drug deal in the 1990s has today (31st January) been sentenced to life to serve a minimum of 25 years in prison.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2018
title: Man sentenced in connection with a murder in St Albans in the 1990s
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-in-connection-with-murder-inStAlbans-in-the-1990s-1549F
```

* ### Man sentenced over murder in 1993 in St Albans.

 * ### Justin Clarke was arrested following an investigation by the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit.

 * ### He's been given life to serve a minimum 25 years in prison.

A man who went on the run for two decades after killing a man in St Albans over a fake drug deal in the 1990s has today (31st January) been sentenced to life to serve a minimum of 25 years in prison.

Justin Clarke, who is 62 years old and from Surrey, has been on trial at Woolwich Crown Court since 15th January accused of shooting Paul Milburn dead with an automatic pistol at close range as he sat in his car in Noke Lane on the afternoon of 26th April, 1993.

The court heard how Clarke, who refused to be present in court for the trial or have anyone represent him legally, had tried to con his victim Paul Milburn, who was 43 years old at the time, out of thousands of pounds by selling blocks of wax made to look like cannabis resin.

Clarke, who is also known as Martin Anthony Maher, and some associates drove to the location and Clarke hid in some bushes. Paul Milburn arrived and whilst the 'drugs' were being placed into his car, Clarke sprung out from the bushes. The victim tried to drive away but was shot.

Justin Clarke

Following the shooting the then 37 year old went on the run and was eventually traced to Berlin following work by the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit. He was arrested in February 2016 under a European Arrest Warrant and extradited back to the UK in September of the same year.

He was found guilty yesterday of murder, conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to supply a controlled drug (Class B).

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit led the investigation and said: "Paul Milburn was defenceless, he didn't have any weapon and as he attempted to flee the scene he was chased and shot at point blank range before his killer Justin Clarke went on the run to escape justice.

"This case proves how we will never give up on seeking justice for victims' families no matter how long ago the offence occurred. Not only did Justin Clarke do everything in his power to escape being arrested he has subsequently refused to engage in the court process. I am pleased he has now been sentenced for this horrendous crime and I hope this brings some form of comfort to Paul's family, although it will never bring him back."

The Judge was bound by sentencing guidelines at the time of the offence.

James Cable, Senior Crown Prosecutor for Thames and Chiltern Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said: "Our Complex Casework Unit and the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit received information as to the whereabouts of Justin Clarke, also known as Martin Maher, and actively sought to obtain his extradition back to the UK. He was detained in Germany on a European arrest warrant in the February and deported from Germany to the UK 26 September 2016, to answer the charges of murder, conspiracy to defraud, and offering to supply a class B drug (cannabis).

"Clarke evaded justice for almost 25 years and failed to engage in his trial. However, scientific evidence including ammunition comparison, glass fragments, fingerprints, and bloodstaining, coupled with advances in DNA profiling concluded that Clarke had been at the scene and was the man responsible for the fatal shooting in St Albans in 1993.

"Due to the perseverance, hard work and dedication of the prosecution team, and the public spirited people from 1993, who were willing to support the prosecution, Clarke has been found guilty of murder, conspiracy to defraud, and offering to supply a class B drug (cannabis) despite his denials. The outcome demonstrates to people who commit such offences that they are never safe from justice and that our determination to ensure that justice is done remains undimmed, even years after offences are committed. Our thoughts remain with Mr Milburn's family and friends at this time."

Paul Milburn
