```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-hemel-hempstead-0746d
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### The incident happened on 6 October at around 3.45pm.

 * ### A young girl had her phone stolen from her.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hemel Hempstead.

It was reported that on Tuesday 6 October, at around 3.45pm, the victim - a young girl who was walking home from school - was approached by two females in an alleyway between Crouchfield and Haybourn Mead.

They allegedly pushed her over, before stealing her phone. They then left in the direction of St John's Road.

PC Natasha Webbe, who is investigating, said: "This has understandably left the victim incredibly shaken up. Thankfully, she wasn't seriously injured and we have since recovered the stolen mobile phone. We know that incidents of this nature are likely to cause concern among the local community, but please be assured that we will be conducting additional patrols in the area to deter further offences and provide reassurance.

"I'd like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident, who has not already got in contact with us. We expect that several people may have seen either the events leading up to the incident or those thereafter - this happened at a busy time in the afternoon, when lots of children would have been making their way home from school.

"If you have any information, even something that may seem relatively minor or insignificant, please get in touch with me as soon as you can."

Anyone with information can contact PC Webbe directly via email at natasha.webbe@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/80411/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.

 * **Two people, a 16-year-old girl from Harrow and a 15-year-old girl from Hemel Hempstead, have been arrested on suspicion of robbery. They have been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.**

**

**
