```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A flat in Letchworth has been closed today (Tuesday 14 January) following an application made by officers from the Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team and the Home Group Housing Association.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2020
title: Letchworth flat closed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/letchworth-flat-closed-1277g
```

* ## Closure order granted on Letchworth flat.

 * ## Local residents complained of ASB and drug related crime.

 * ## Local officers and housing association worked together to secure order.

A flat in Letchworth has been closed today (Tuesday 14 January) following an application made by officers from the Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team and the Home Group Housing Association.

The order was granted at Stevenage Magistrates Court to close the property in **Creamery Court** for three months, due to the anti-social behaviour (ASB) of the 23 year old tenant and her associates who were using the address.

Local officers received numerous complaints from residents regarding drug related ASB connected to the address, which was having a detrimental effect on their lives.

Working with the Home Group Housing Association officers applied to have the address closed for a three month period to give the local community some respite from the issues, whilst the problem is addressed. The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It bans anyone from entering the property for a period of three months.

Anti-social Behaviour Officer Jeanette Dallimore said: "Officers were called to the address on numerous occasions following reports of criminal and drug related activity, rowdy, inconsiderate and other associated behaviour".

"Local residents should not have to put up with this kind of activity impacting on their daily lives in this way. I hope this has reassured the community that we take reports like this very seriously and along with our partners, have worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the closure order application.

"We will use every available tactic to tackle anti-social behaviour and I would continue to urge members of the community to report any behaviour of this nature to the police."

You can contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Officers by calling 101. You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
