```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two burglaries in Kimpton are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 16 May 2018
title: Appeal following double burglary in Kimpton
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-double-burglary-in-Kimpton
```

* ### Two homes were broken into on the same day in Kimpton.

 * ### Offender(s) carried out an untidy search inside the properties in Probyn Close.

 * ### Officers are appealing for help to identify a suspect who was seen in the area with suitcases and bags.

Detectives investigating two burglaries in Kimpton are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 8.45am and 1.45pm on Monday (May 14) offender(s) gained entry to two homes in Probyn Close and carried out an untidy search inside before making off with items including jewellery, designer handbags and shoes and laptops.

PC Gary Larkman, who is investigating, said: "Following our initial enquiries we have established that a suspect was seen in the area wheeling two suitcases and carrying two duffel bags at around 12.50pm on the day of the burglaries.

"We need the public's help to identify this man. He is described as white, aged 40 to 55 years old, of medium build with grey and black hair. He was wearing a T shirt and jeans.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area around the time stated and believes they saw this man to get in touch. I'd also like to speak to anyone that may have been driving along the High Street near to the junction with Claggy Road at around 12.50pm and has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle as they may have footage that can help us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Larkman by emailing gary.larkman@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/1522 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
