```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following an incident of making off without payment.
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2018
title: CCTV appeal following an incident of making off without payment
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-an-incident-of-making-off-without-payment-1840B
```

* ### The incident happened at a car garage in Southfield, Welwyn Garden City, on Thursday, July 26.

 * ### Officers believed the man pictured was in the area at the time and could have vital information about what happened.

 * ### If you recognise him, or have other information, call 101 quoting crime reference 41/21872/18, or email PC Richard Wicks at richard.wicks3@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following an incident of making off without payment.

At around 4.30pm on Thursday, July 26, a man left the premises of a car garage in Southfield, Welwyn Garden City, explaining that he needed to go to a cash machine to get money to pay for the work he had just had done on his car.

The man did not return with the money to pay the bill.

PC Richard Wicks, who is investigating, said: "Extensive enquiries have been carried out since this incident. We are now in a position where we can release good quality CCTV and the public might be able to help us.

"I believe that the man pictured was in the area at the time of incident and he could have important information that will help with the investigation. If you recognise him, or have any other information that could help the investigation, please email or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/21872/18."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV image
