```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s now the turn of residents in Hitchin to have their say on what issues their local police focus on for the next three months, and to this end they are being invited to take part in a survey to help their local Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities."
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2020
title: Have your say on how we police your town
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Have-your-say-on-how-we-police-your-town-0880g
```

* Local officers in Hitchin canvass resident's views as they prepare to set new policing priorities for the town.
 * People asked what they think their local police team should focus on for the next three months
 * Echo and OWL will be used to gather opinions

It's now the turn of residents in Hitchin to have their say on what issues their local police focus on for the next three months, and to this end they are being invited to take part in a survey to help their local Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities.

"This year has obviously been very challenging and due to the pandemic, we've had to postpone our normal community priority setting events," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Alan Clarke. "But we are still out and about in the town, engaging where we can and listening to what you have to say. Now that it is time to review our priorities, we want to capture as many local views as possible.

"The SNT are responsible for dealing with short, medium, and long-term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour, criminal damage, speeding and drug related crime. We work incredibly hard, alongside our partnership agencies to ensure that Hitchin is a safe place to live, work and visit."

If you live in Hitchin and are interested in having a say in what your local police should concentrate on as priorities, please take the time to complete the online survey which will be running for a week from Tuesday 1 December 2020.

There are two ways that you can share your thoughts. If you are already signed up to Neighbourhood Watch and OWL, you will automatically be invited to tell us your views. If you are not already a member you can sign up at www.owl.co.uk . As well as letting us know what you think, you will also be able to hear what work has been done around the existing policing priorities, as well as looking ahead at what needs to be tackled in the future.

"I would urge as many local residents as possible to participate in the survey. Your local SNT are here to respond to the issues that matter most to you, the community we serve. Your views will shape our policing priorities for the coming months," continued Sergeant Clarke.

"If you are unable to join us via OWL, you can submit your feedback by taking part via 'echo', our community feedback platform. Go to www.bit.ly/police- _hitchinurban_ to submit your views. All feedback will be reviewed and the more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to our community, where services are working well for you or where we need to improve. As well as helping us to set our priorities, we will also use the feedback to shape our local campaigns and initiatives. Echo is completely anonymous, but please try to be as specific as possible if you are referring to certain streets or areas."

If you need any further information please contact the Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team via email on SNThitchinurban@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101.

* Please note echo is not for reporting crime. To report a crime, you can call 101 or visit herts.police.uk/report or herts.police.uk/webchat. In an emergency always dial 999.
