```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of bike thefts in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following bike thefts in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-bike-thefts-in-welwyn-garden-city-0272
```

* ### Since the start of June, six bicycles have been stolen from bike sheds in Eddington Crescent

 * ### Officers recommend that local bike owners register their bike at bikeregister.com

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact police

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a series of bike thefts in Welwyn Garden City.

Since the start of June, six bicycles have been stolen from bike sheds in Eddington Crescent.

PC Richard Wicks, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are doing everything we can to trace the offender(s) and I am urging the public to get in touch if they have witnessed any of the thefts or have information that might assist our enquiries.

"We are particularly keen to speak to a dark haired teenage boy who has been seen in the area as we believe he could have information about the thefts.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind local bike owners to remain vigilant. It's a good idea to invest in high quality security. We recommend spending between 10 to 15 per cent of the value of your bike on its security.

"You should also lock your bike frame AND wheels to something with two different types of lock! Just using a chain and lock around a bike frame and wheels without locking it to something sturdy, leaves your bike vulnerable to being carried away. Locking only the frame or the wheels to something could result in unsecured parts being stolen.

"It's also worth registering your bike at bikeregister.com. If your bicycle is stolen and then found, this national property register will help us to return it to you.

"If you have information that may assist our enquiries into the bike thefts, please don't hesitate to get in touch. Any information you have, no matter how trivial it might feel, could be vital. Perhaps you have seen suspicious activity near the bike sheds? Perhaps you have been offered a bike for sale under suspicious circumstances?

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _richard.wicks3@herts.pnn.police.uk_. If you see a bike being stolen, please call 999 straight away."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
