```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Regular police officers, Special police officers, police staff and members of the public have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 1 May 2019
title: "Chief Constable\u2019s Awards Ceremony"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Chief-Constables-Awards-Ceremony-0147
```

* ### Police officers, Specials, staff and members of the public have been honoured at the Chief Constable's Awards

 * ### Long Service and Good Conduct Medals were presented

 * ### Two members of the public received the Hertfordshire Constabulary Award for the parts they played in keeping others safe from harm

 * ### The High Sheriff of Hertfordshire, Sarah Beazley MA PGCE, was the guest of honour

Regular police officers, Special police officers, police staff and members of the public have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City **.**

The High Sheriff of Hertfordshire, Sarah Beazley MA PGCE, was the guest of honour at the event held yesterday evening (Tuesday, April 30) and presented the recipients with their awards.

The following police officers received their Long Service and Good Conduct medal:

 * Police Constable Alison Elderfield, for **20 years ' service,** **based at Stevenage.** Alison is aged 46 and lives in Potten End. She joined the Constabulary in 1998, initially working in Watford before moving to the traffic department in North Watford. She is currently based in Stevenage with the Roads Policing Unit. Alison was the first officer to be awarded the Road Policing Officer of the Year in 2005 in memory of PC Andrew Morton and Sergeant Ian Alexander.
 * Police Constable Alexandra Nicolaou, for **20 years ' service**, **based in Welwyn Garden City.** Alexandra lives in Hertford. She joined the force in 1998 and was posted to Intervention in Hertford. She then went on to work for various departments including the Intelligence Unit and Case Investigation Unit. After a few further moves within the force, including in the Force Control Room, Alexandra joined the Victim Service Team where she is currently based.
 * Detective Sergeant Will Daglish, for **20 years ' service,** **based at Stevenage.** Will is aged 43 and lives in Luton. He joined the Constabulary in 1998, initially working in frontline policing for four years before moving to a Divisional Support Unit role. This centred on tackling the supply of controlled drugs, covert operations and case file preparation. After a few further moves within the force, including in the Local Crime Unit, Will joined the Case Investigation Team in Stevenage where he is currently based.
 * Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, for **20 years ' service,** **based at Watford.** Jason is aged 50 and lives in St Albans. He joined the Constabulary in 1998, having previously served in the Armed Forces. He was initially posted to Hertford before taking on a variety of area-based detective roles. Jason had two breaks from operational policing during which he served with the Military Police in Afghanistan and the Persian Gulf. He is currently based in Watford with the Local Crime Unit.

The following Special officer received the Special Constabulary Long Service and Good Conduct award:

 * Special Constable Ben Kelly, for **nine years ' service**, **based at Stevenage.** Ben is aged 29 and lives in Ware. He began his career in Stevenage and was promoted to a Special Sergeant. Due to workloads, he voluntarily returned to Special Constable. Following an injury, Ben completed an attachment with the Case Investigation Unit where he learnt to interview and eventually see cases through to fruition. After this attachment he returned to Intervention for a period of time, and is currently based at Stevenage as a Special Constable.

**The following two members of the public received the Hertfordshire Constabulary Award:**

 * Simon Charman, who is from Hoddesdon.

At around 7.20am on February 18, Simon was driving along Winterscroft Road in Hoddesdon, which crosses over a bridge with a very busy part of the A10 below. Simon saw a young boy, visibly in distress, attempting to climb over the barrier and he already had one leg over the side of it. The 12-year-old boy clearly had an intention to jump from the bridge, and when Simon spotted him he calmly approached the boy and managed to restrain him.

The boy was described as looking very anxious and began walking up and down. Simon walked with him, staying by his side the whole time. This allowed the boy to speak to Simon who provided constant reassurance that he wasn't in any trouble.

Another member of the public stopped to help and called the police. Simon stayed with the boy until police arrival. The boy was detained by police and taken to hospital to receive the help and support he needed.

It became apparent the boy had been under the influence of LSD, having found the tablet the night before and taken it not knowing what it was. He then hadn't slept all night and wandered out of his home.

The boy is now doing well, and after being released from hospital, he continues to be supported by his family and a youth worker.

 * Ryan Sutton, who is from Stevenage.

At around 1pm on March 9, Ryan was in a Tesco supermarket in Stevenage when he saw a man acting strangely. He saw the man enter the kitchen aisle and began frantically opening a knife and a meat cleaver. Ryan immediately informed a staff member who was understandably panicked and scared. He instructed her to tell a supervisor and Ryan approached the security guard.

He then went to observe the man who walked past Ryan and told him to stay out of his way and that he was going to stab someone, whilst brandishing the weapons. He began shouting aggressively, scaring members of the public. Ryan called the police.

Ryan incredibly bravely followed the man and provided the police operator with clear updates, describing his own fear for the safety of the public, a description of the man and his own description so that CCTV could identify them both.

The man continued to wave the knife and meat cleaver in the air and repeatedly walked around a bench, before sitting down with the weapons visible next to him. Whilst on the phone to the police Ryan approached the man remaining about five metres away trying to calm him down and providing reassurance to him. He did this until police arrived.

The officer who later listened to the call described Ryan as providing clear dynamic risk assessing options and mitigating threat, engaging with the man and protecting members of the public by calmly warning them to stay away.

This allowed police to respond quickly and in a calm manner, with clear information about the man's location and demeanour.
