```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision on the outskirts of Flamstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following a collision near Flamstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-collision-near-flamstead-0376
```

* ### Did you witness a serious road traffic collision at the roundabout junction with the A5 and Watery Lane, near Flamstead?

 * ### It happened around 3pm on Tuesday, June 12 and involved a white Kia Sportage and a blue and white motorbike

 * ### If you have any information that could assist the investigation, please call 101 quoting ISR 499 of June 12

Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision on the outskirts of Flamstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at approximately 3pm yesterday (Tuesday, June 12) at the roundabout junction with the A5 and Watery Lane.

For reasons unknown at this stage, a white Kia Sportage and a white and blue Suzuki GSX R-1000 were in collision which resulted in the motorcyclist, a man in his 30s, suffering serious injuries.

The roundabout was closed to traffic to allow emergency services to attend the scene.

Helimed landed at the scene and the motorcyclist was subsequently transported to hospital where he is in a critical but stable condition. The driver of the Kia was uninjured.

PC Jason Brownlie-Parker, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This collision happened at a busy junction during the day so there would have been plenty of motorists in the area.

"Were you using the roundabout at around 3pm yesterday? Did you witness the collision, or its aftermath?

"Do you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? If so, we would be very keen to speak to you as you may have captured the events leading up to or following the collision. We are interested in recording any information you may have, however insignificant it seems. It could be the key to the investigation."

If you have any information that could help with officers' enquiries, please contact PC Brownlie-Parker on jason.brownlie-parker@herts.pnn.police.uk, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 499 of June 12 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
