```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men were sentenced and fined after pleading guilty to a Rickmansworth burglary.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2019
title: Three men are sentenced for Rickmansworth burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-men-are-sentenced-for-rickmansworth-burglary-2649
```

* ### Three men have been sentenced and fine after pleading guilty to a burglary in Rickmansworth

 * ### Robert Neagu, Daniel Cava and Christian Serban appeared before St Albans Crown Court on February 22

 * ### The court heard they broke into a property on The Clump on October 23, 2018 but did not manage to steal anything

Three men were sentenced and fined after pleading guilty to a Rickmansworth burglary.

Robert Neagu, aged 20, Daniel Cava, aged 23, and Christian Serban, aged 27 - all from Sydenham Road in London - appeared before St Albans Crown Court on February 22, 2018.

They were each given a sentence of 20 weeks, suspended for two years, as well as a fine of £333 each.

The court heard that on October 23, 2018, Neagu, Cava and Serban broke into a property in The Clump but left with nothing, having caused damage on entry.

They were arrested nearby by officers after the victims' neighbours spotted the trio acting suspiciously and called police.

Detective Constable Rob King, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "I want to take this opportunity to applaud the actions of the victims' neighbour, who absolutely did the right thing by contacting police as soon as they witnessed the suspicious activity.

"This meant that officers were able to attend the scene within minutes and after searching the area on foot were able to arrest and detain the defendants.

"Three Rivers is not an easy target for criminality. We will take action against those who choose to take what is not theirs."

You can find more information and advice about burglary on our website: https://www.herts.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary
