```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting a week-long crime prevention event this month.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018
title: Crime Prevention Week in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crime-prevention-week-in-abbots-langley-0393c
```

* ### Events will be happening each day to help people keep their property more secure.

 * ### Tool and bike marking will be on offer.

 * ### Local officers will be on hand to speak with residents about any issues or concerns.

Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team are hosting a week-long crime prevention event this month in a bid to reduce crime and help people to keep their property safe.

The event launches on Thursday, June 21 with an awareness day at Abbots Langley police station between 2pm and 6pm. Residents will be able to meet with local officers during this time to discuss any issues or concerns they may have while also receiving advice on a range of topics.

Daily events will then be held at the police station for the rest of the week, including tool marking, bike marking and Plate Safe, where officers fit tamperproof screws to car number plates.

At a later date, officers will also be visiting local stables and yards, by request, to security mark saddles. If you are interested in this service, please email your name and contact number to either abigail.watson@herts.pnn.police.uk or colin.williams@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Simmons said: "We're committed to doing everything we can to help reduce crime and one of the best ways to do this is to arm people with tips and advice to help them keep their property more secure.

"Marking items such as tools, bikes and saddles can be a deterrent to thieves as they are harder to sell on. It also means that, if they are ever lost or stolen and subsequently recovered, they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily.

"We hope that people will use this week-long crime prevention event to meet with their local officers and get some valuable advice. Some of the events will run later into the evening to try and cater for those who may have work commitments during the day."

**The full list of events is as follows:**

Thursday, June 21 (2pm until 6pm) - Crime Prevention Awareness Day

Friday, June 22 (5pm until 8pm) - Plate Safe

Saturday, June 23 (3pm until 6pm) - Tool Marking

Sunday, June 24 (1pm until 4pm) - Bike Marking

Monday, June 25 (4pm until 8pm) - Tool Marking

Tuesday, June 26 (5pm until 8pm) - Plate Safe

Wednesday, June 27 (3pm until 7pm) - Bike Marking
