```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Watford has been jailed for his part in a conspiracy to supply firearms.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2019
title: Watford man jailed for firearms offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watford-man-jailed-for-firearms-offences-1144c
```

* ### Leon Browne, 33, from Watford jailed for 18 years

 * ### He jailed for conspiracy to supply firearms

 * ### Browne was extradited from Holland and arrested in December 2018

A man from Watford has been jailed for his part in a conspiracy to supply firearms.

Thirty three year old Leon Browne, of Gladstone Road in Watford, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on 25 November, where he was found guilty and sentenced to 18 years in prison for conspiracy to transfer firearms and ammunition.

Browne fled the country following an investigation into the supply of firearms in Watford in 2016. He was arrested in Holland and extradited under the terms of a European Arrest Warrant in December 2018.

Detective Chief Inspector Tracy Pemberton from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Unit said: "As part of our continuing work targeting violent criminal networks, this conviction will help to disrupt the supply of firearms in the county. We have relentlessly pursued this investigation, using all our powers to bring offenders to justice. This is another key conviction which has made a significant impact on the criminal networks in Hertfordshire.

"Operation Relentless is Hertfordshire Constabulary's response to the on-going threat from organised criminal gangs. These groups pose a threat to local communities and the force is committed to identifying and relentlessly pursuing individuals and networks involved in serious and organised crime. As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on serious and organised crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend violent criminals."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
