```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A rise in the number of illegal raves being organised across North Herts has prompted local police teams to take preventative actions to safeguard local residents and potential party goers.
publish:
  date: 29 Jul 2020
title: Illegal raves targeted by North Herts Officers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/illegal-raves-targeted-by-north-herts-officers-0427g
```

* ## Police in North Herts clamp down on illegal raves to protect local residents and potential partygoers.

 * ## Sound equipment and electronics seized during a raid at an address in Bassingbourne.

 * ## Suspected organiser served with a Commuity Protection Notice Warning.

A rise in the number of illegal raves being organised across North Herts has prompted local police teams to take preventative actions to safeguard local residents and potential party goers.

Following the illegal rave which was held in a cattle tunnel off Baldock Lane in Letchworth overnight on Saturday 18 July, officers have launched a new operation to tackle the emerging issue.

"On the weekend in question hundreds of people descended on the location, where a pre-organised illegal event was taking place," explained Neighbourhood Inspector James Lant.

"Due to the large number of attendees and the remote location of the rave, it was deemed unsafe to try to shut the event down, so my officers tried to manage the party until it was safe to disperse people, and officers from British Transport Police were able to assist at the railway station.

"During the event, officers also had to be deployed to close the A1M several times, as people tried to cross the motorway, putting themselves and other road users in great danger, in order to access the venue.

"Once the crowds had dispersed at the end of the event, we were able to seize sound equipment and launch an investigation into any licensing and other offences that had been committed by the organiser."

On Friday 24 July, a warrant was executed by North Herts Scorpion officers at address in Bassingbourn. A large amount of equipment was seized from the property including speakers, amplifiers, decks, and other sound and lighting equipment. Computer and communication devices were also seized.

A Community Protection Notice Warning (CPNW) was also served on an individual suspected to be the event organiser, during the warrant. The warning notice includes stringent conditions that should prevent further illegal raves being held in North Herts.

Officers have also linked in with local land owners, alerting them to the potential for their fields to be used for illegal events and advising them on what they can do to protect their land.

"Over the last weekend we maintained a high visibility presence around the site of the previous rave and other locations that we perceived to be vulnerable," continued Inspector Lant. "We also worked with our colleagues at British Transport Police who were monitoring the local railway stations and our special constabulary colleagues provided extra resources.

"We are appealing to anyone who has any information relating to future illegal events to get in touch. We understand that people are desperate to go out and enjoy themselves since the lockdown restrictions have been relaxed, but this is not the way.

"These events are unlicensed and therefore the checks and conditions that have to be in place to put on large scale events, are not there. They are therefore not safe for those attending and put other members of the public at risk, as large numbers of people try to reach the remote locations, often using unsafe routes, with no medical or security staff on site and poor access for emergency services."

If you have any information about illegal raves or events please report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
