```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A canal-side awareness-raising event to promote better understanding of fishing laws among anglers was held recently in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2019
title: Rural team engage with anglers in Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rural-team-engage-with-anglers-in-three-rivers-1122c
```

* ## The event aimed to promote a better understanding of fishing laws among anglers.

 * ## A number of agencies attended.

 * ## It was held following reports of illegal fishing in the area.

A canal-side awareness-raising event to promote better understanding of fishing laws among anglers was held recently in Rickmansworth.

Officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Rural Operational Support Team (ROST) and the local Safer Neighbourhood Team hosted the event.

They were also joined by representatives from several agencies and organisations, including the Angling Trust's Building Bridges Project, for the event on Sunday 24 November.

PC Jos Bartlett from the ROST, said: "We have received a number of reports concerning illegal fishing in the area recently. As a result we are taking a partnership approach, working alongside a number of agencies and organisations, to help better educate anglers around fishing laws.

"This includes making it easier to report offences to police and translating signs and club rules into different languages, to make them more accessible for all members.

"It was a really positive event and we look forward to working more closely with our partners going forward."

Anyone found committing offences could face prosecution for poaching or Theft Act offences or be dealt with by the Environment Agency if found fishing without a licence.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Represented on the day were:

 * The Environment Agency

 * Angling Trust and their Building Bridges Project

 * Community Connection Projects CIC

 * Volunteer Bailiff's Scheme (VBS)

 * Club officials from the Colne Valley Fisheries Consultative
