```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We have released CCTV images of two men we would like to speak to following a burglary at Cheshunt Football Club.
publish:
  date: 4 May 2020
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-burglary-in-cheshunt-0084
```

* ### We are investigating a burglary at Cheshunt FC on the afternoon of Tuesday 21 April

 * ### Do you recognise the two men in the CCTV image?

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/31948/20 if you can help.

We have released CCTV images of two men we would like to speak to following a burglary at Cheshunt Football Club.

On Tuesday 21 April between 2pm and 3pm a compound at the football club on Theobalds Lane was broken into and various items including a mower, strimmer and leaf blower were stolen.

PC Emma Adams, who is investigating, said: "I'd like to identify these two men pictured in the CCTV pictures as they were in the area at the time of the incident and could help with our enquiries.

"If you can help with this investigation I'd like to hear from you. I can be contacted directly via email on emma.adams@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/31948/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
