```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 28 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-harpenden-1096
```

* ### The incident happened on Friday 8 November in Waveney Road

 * ### The victim, who was walking home from school, was approached by the suspect who asked him to hand over his belongings

 * ### Officers are hoping to trace a member of the public who intervened.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Harpenden.

The incident happened on Friday 8 November, at around 3.30pm, on Waveney Road.

The victim was walking home from school when he was approached by the suspect, who asked him to hand over his bag. The victim refused, and the suspect then punched him in the face. Whilst the victim was on the floor, the suspect allegedly withdrew a small knife from his pocket.

The victim managed to flee the scene, and a member of the public - who has not yet been identified - intervened.

Detective Constable Krisztina Gulyas, of the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "I'm aware that some time has passed since this incident took place, but we're just making sure we exhaust all lines of enquiry. Despite attempts, we have so far been unable to identify the member of the public who bravely stepped in. We're hoping to identify them, as they may have vital information which could greatly assist our investigation.

"If you were in the area at the time and believe you may have witnessed the incident, or if you think you have information which could help with our enquiries, please get in contact."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Gulyas directly via email at Krisztina.Gulyas@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/101209/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.

 * A 15-year-old boy from Wheathampstead, St Albans, has been arrested on suspicion of attempted robbery, common assault and possession of a bladed article. He has since been released on bail.
