```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-stevenage-0662e
```

* ## Between 12.10am and 12.25am on Tuesday 18 August, three males gained access to Fix Auto in Gunnels Wood Road.

 * ## Two motorbikes were stolen.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should call 101 or email PC Stephenson: josh.stephenson@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/65887/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Stevenage.

Between 12.10am and 12.25am on Tuesday 18 August, three males gained access to Fix Auto in Gunnels Wood Road after damaging the glass front door.

Two motorbikes were stolen:

 * a blue BMW 1000RR with 'Fix Auto' written on the side
 * a red, white and blue Honda CRF450

PC Josh Stephenson, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened or anyone with information about the burglary to get in touch. Were you in the area? Did you see or hear suspicious activity? Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could prove significant to the investigation.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who thinks they might have been offered the motorbikes for sale.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me quoting crime reference 41/65887/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
