```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Volunteer Police Cadets from East Herts assisted local officers to promote crime prevention advice and the Neighbourhood Watch scheme in Furneux Pelham at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2019
title: Police cadets help promote Neighbourhood Watch
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-cadets-help-promote-neighbourhood-watch-2603a
```

* ### The event was held as part of Operation Stomp.

 * ### 30 people signed up to the OWL messaging service.

 * ### Crime prevention advice was also given to residents.

Volunteer Police Cadets from East Herts assisted local officers to promote crime prevention advice and the Neighbourhood Watch scheme in Furneux Pelham at the weekend.

As part of Operation Stomp*, the cadets joined members of the East Herts Rural team to increase membership of the Constabulary's Online Watch Link (OWL) service on Saturday (February 16).

OWL is a free online messaging system which allows residents to receive alerts about crimes and incidents in their local area, as well as crime prevention advice and information about upcoming community engagement events.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Wallace said: "We are constantly working to increase Neighbourhood Watch and OWL membership across East Herts. It's a valuable means of communication to ensure our rural communities are actively engaged and aware of current and emerging crime trends and risks.

"Saturday's event saw a further 30 people join the scheme and I'd like to say thank you to the cadets for giving up their free time to assist us."

For more information about OWL, or to sign up, visit

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

East Herts Cadets currently has 100 members across two groups - Bishop's Stortford and Hertford & Ware. The Hertford & Ware group is currently recruiting new members. For further information, visit

* Operation Stomp is a police-led, multi-agency operation aimed at protecting communities and keeping local residents safe in East Herts.
