```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents are being urged to remain vigilant following a number of reports of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) scam calls in the Hitchin area.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2018
title: "Elderly residents warned after spate of scam phone calls \u2013 Hitchin"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/elderly-residents-warned-after-spate-of-scam-phone-calls-hitchin-1756G
```

* ### Elderly residents targeted in phone scams.

 * ### Offenders claim to be from the HMRC.

 * ### Eight offences reported recently in the Hitchin area.

Residents are being urged to remain vigilant following a number of reports of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) scam calls in the Hitchin area.

Since sending out an OWL message on September 7 to subscribers, the Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team have received eight further reports relating to this scam. The scammers seem to be targeting elderly residents in particular.

Members of the public reported receiving both phone calls and answerphone messages from an individual claiming to work for the HMRC. They state that there has been a complaint about that person's tax and that a warrant has been issued for their arrest. They then provide a phone number for the person to call so that the money can be paid immediately to avoid any further action.

PCSO Stuart Stone from the Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "I would like to re-assure everyone that this is an example of a scam phone call and we will not be attending your address to arrest you. They seem to be targeting elderly residents, but we want everyone to be on their guard.

"If you have received a phone call of this nature or similar, please report this via the police non-emergency number 101. Alternatively you can contact Action Fraud by calling 0300 123 2040 or by visiting their website.

"I would also like to remind everyone to not disclose any bank or personal details over the phone. Genuine police or bank staff would never ask you to withdraw or transfer cash from your account, nor would they ever ask for your four digit bank PIN number. Never tell anyone this number, it is for you to use in cash machines and shops only."

**Hertfordshire Constabulary 's advice on unexpected phone calls:**

The police and banks would:

 * **NEVER** ask for your bank account details or PIN number over the phone, so do not disclose these to anyone, no matter who they claim to be.
 * **NEVER** ask you to withdraw money and send it to them via a courier, taxi or by any other means.
 * **NEVER** ask you to send your bank cards, or any other personal property, to them via courier, taxi or by any other means.
 * **NEVER** ask you to transfer money from one account to another over the telephone.

If you are not happy with a phone call and are suspicious of the conversation you have with the caller then please end the call and contact police via the non-emergency number, **101**.

Remember, when reporting a suspicious phone call to police, wait at least five minutes before attempting to make the call or use a mobile or neighbour's phone to ensure you're not reconnected to the offender.

**Did you know?**

Phones are now available that automatically block withheld numbers, which are often used by offenders. People's service providers may also be able to assist with blocking unwanted calls.

For further information about phone scams and how to avoid becoming a victim, please visit.

**Want to listen to a mock phone scam call?**

Visit our YouTube channel here.
