```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is joining police forces across the country by taking part in Operation Sceptre, a national knife amnesty.
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2018
title: Hertfordshire takes part in national knife amnesty
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-takes-part-in-national-knife-amnesty-0614
```

* ## A knife amnesty will run in Hertfordshire between 18-24 September

 * ## Knives can be surrendered at Hatfield, Stevenage and Watford police stations

 * ## Other knife crime related operations will be carried out over the week

Hertfordshire Constabulary is joining police forces across the country by taking part in Operation Sceptre, a national knife amnesty.

The amnesty will run between Tuesday September 18 and Monday September 24, during which members of the public will be able to surrender any unwanted knives to the police anonymously and without fear of prosecution for possession of these items.

Knife related crime has been increasing across the country, including Hertfordshire, in recent years and the amnesty is being carried out to support the national campaign to reduce the number of knives in circulation.

The amnesty also provides an opportunity to educate young people about the dangers of carrying a knife, give crime prevention advice and raise awareness amongst local businesses that selling certain knives to anyone under 18 is illegal. As part of a wider campaign officers will be carrying out knife detection operations, test purchasing at knife retailers and visiting schools to deliver talks on the dangers of carrying a knife.

During the amnesty any knives in your possession, that you do not want or should not have, can be surrendered at one of the following police stations: **Hatfield** , **Stevenage** or **Watford.** Items can be surrendered anonymously during the amnesty in the knife bins provided. The locations and opening times of these stations can be found at www.herts.police.uk _/stations_.

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Dealing with violent crime is a priority for the police and Operation Sceptre now runs on a regular basis around the country. In Hertfordshire previous amnesties have been very effective in reducing the number of knives in circulation, and we are developing new initiatives to understand the issues driving this increase and to educate young people about knives. Any knives that we can be taken off of our streets will help to make everyone safer."

Detective Chief Inspector Tracy Pemberton said: "As part of Hertfordshire's Serious Violence Strategy we are working in partnership with local government and other agencies, running many operations such as knife detection arches and test purchases, as well as providing information about the dangers of carrying knives. A key part of our strategy is educating young people that carrying a knife makes you much more likely to be injured or arrested."

Inspector Andrew Palfreyman, who is leading on the operational activity for Operation Sceptre and said: "We will be conducting operations to reduce knife-related crime and the amnesty is a good opportunity to take knives off the streets of Hertfordshire. It is also helps to raise awareness, especially among young people, that carrying a knife is illegal and does not make you safer."
