```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating a fail to stop road traffic collision in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 29 Jun 2020
title: "Did you witness collision in Bishop\u2019s Stortford?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-collision-in-bishops-stortford-0279e
```

* ## The incident occurred in Great Hadham Road.

 * ## A cyclist was struck by a small white van which did not stop at the scene.

 * ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police investigating a fail to stop road traffic collision in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred on Great Hadham Road, at around 8.30pm on Wednesday 24 June.

A 27-year-old man was cycling along the road when he was reportedly struck by a small white van on the roundabout at the junction with Oriole Way.

The van was then driven into Villiers-Sur-Marne Avenue and was not at the scene on officers' arrival.

PC Kevin Gibbs said: "The cyclist is currently in hospital awaiting an operation on the injuries he suffered to his pelvis and our enquiries are continuing at this time.

"I am appealing for the driver of the van to please contact us. I would also like to hear from anyone who may witnessed the incident, or events leading up to it, particularly if you have captured dash cam footage."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 821 of 24 June.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
