```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following a commercial burglary in Royston.
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2020
title: Witness appeal following commercial burglary in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-commercial-burglary-in-royston-0402g
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought to a burglary in Royston.

 * ### Overnight on Monday (20 July) into Tuesday (21 July) Scrivens Ltd on the High Street was burgled.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/57267/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a commercial burglary in Royston.

Overnight between Monday 20 July and Tuesday 21 July offender(s) have gained entry to Scrivens Ltd on the High Street by forcing a rear door. Designer glasses frames, prescription glasses, contact lenses, optometrist machinery, a laptop and cash were taken.

PCSO Natalie Skinner, of the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We would like to hear from anyone who saw anything suspicious in the High Street on Monday after the store closed at 5.30pm.

"Do you have CCTV of the area which shows something which could assist our investigation?

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at natalie.skinner@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/57267/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
