```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in North Herts have been successful in securing a Closure Order on an address in Letchworth under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2017
title: Three arrested and charged after Closure Order is breached in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-charged-after-closure-order-breached-letchworth
```

* ### Police secure Closure Order on a bungalow in Southfields, Letchworth.

 * ### Property was being investigated after complaints from local residents about anti-social behaviour.

 * ### Three men arrested and released on conditional bail.

Police in North Herts have been successful in securing a Closure Order on an address in Letchworth under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property, a bungalow in Southfields, Letchworth, was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the property in an anti-social manner and causing a disturbance.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at Stevenage Magistrates Court on Friday, October 6 which stipulated that only the named tenant and her daughter are allowed entry into the property.

Following reports of anti-social behaviour at the property on October 13, police attended the address and made three arrests. These included:

 * Twenty-seven-year-old Ashley Nightingale, from Beaumont Close, Hitchin was arrested and charged with breaching the terms a Closure Order. He was released on bail and is next due to appear at Stevenage Magistrates on November 8.
 * Twenty-year-old Tamar Dulley, of no fixed abode in Letchworth, was arrested and charged with breaching the terms of a Closure Order. He was released on bail and is next due to appear at Stevenage Magistrates on November 8.
 * Forty-seven-year-old Karl Smith, of no fixed abode, was arrested and charged with breaching the terms of a Closure Order. He was released on bail and is next due to appear at Stevenage Magistrates on November 15.

Each of the men were released on conditional bail which restricts them from entering the Southfields, Woodhurst, Sherwood, Ordelmere and Caslon Way areas of Letchworth.

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with North Herts Homes and North Herts District Council to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order. The police, had received numerous calls from members of the public about ASB at the address.

**North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Stephen Oliphant, said:** "For many months we have been responding to complaints alongside our partner agencies about the ASB at this property.

"By taking this action to close the address to certain individuals, we hope to provide neighbours with some respite from the on-going issues.

"This is a great example of how the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act gives us powers so we can take action against ASB, which can become a blight and cause such misery for neighbours, and improve the quality of life for our local communities."
