```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fraud in Stevenage have released an image of man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2020
title: CCTV appeal following fraud in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-fraud-in-stevenage-1369
```

* ### Stolen bank cards were used fraudulently in Stevenage.

 * ### A large amount of cash was withdrawn.

 * ### Police are hoping to identify a man who may be able to assist with their investigation.

Officers investigating a fraud in Stevenage have released an image of man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their enquiries.

On Thursday 12 December, bank cards - which are believed to have been stolen from Knebworth - were used in several transactions in Stevenage. The offender withdrew a large sum of cash from the victims account.

Detective Constable Simon Goodship, who is investigating, said: "We're aware that some time has passed since the incident took place, but we're just making sure we exhaust all lines of enquiry. If you recognise the man pictured, please get in contact with us, as we believe he may be able to help us with our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Goodship directly via email at simon.goodship@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/111649/19.If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
