```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to two years and six months in prison for attempted robbery after threatening a cashier at a service station in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2020
title: Man jailed for attempted robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-attempted-robbery-1383
```

* ### Dean Scholes, 35, has been jailed for two years and six months.

 * ### He appeared at St Albans Crown Court on 28 January, where he was found guilty of attempted robbery.

 * ### Scholes threatened a cashier at an Esso petrol station, and insinuated that he had a firearm.

A man has been sentenced to two years and six months in prison for attempted robbery after threatening a cashier at a service station in Hitchin.

Dean Scholes, aged 35 and of no fixed address, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 28 January, where he was found guilty of attempted robbery.

On Sunday 20 January 2019, Scholes entered the Esso petrol station in Nightingale Road and insinuated that he had a gun in his pocket, though no weapon was seen. He threatened to shoot the gun if the cashier didn't open the till and give him money.

Scholes then fled the scene on foot after a woman entered the shop. Nothing was taken.

He was arrested in the early hours of Monday 21 January.

Detective Constable Michael Hardiman, who investigated the case, said: "We hope this sentence goes to show that crimes of this nature will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire.

"Thankfully, crimes relating to and involving firearms offences are very unusual in our county, and no gun was seen or found during the incident or as a result of the investigation, but we take any threat of firearms extremely seriously."
