```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted burglary in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Witness appeal following attempted burglary in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-attempted-burglary-in-welwyn-garden-city-331b
```

* ### We are investigating an attempted burglary of a shop in Hall Grove, Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### The incident took place around 1am on Tuesday 7 July.

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/52986/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted burglary in Welwyn Garden City.

Around 1am on Tuesday (7 July) damage was caused to the shutters of Martins Newsagent on Hall Grove. No access to the shop was gained.

Detective Sergeant Grant Bennett, of the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "A man has been arrested in connection to this offence, however we are appealing for any witnesses who may have been in the area at the time and saw what happened to come forward.

"It took place in the early hours of the morning, but on a well-used road.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at grant.bennett@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/52986/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

* A 35 year old man of no fixed abode has been arrested on suspicion of attempted burglary, he has been released on police bail while enquiries continue.
