```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery at a business premises in units underneath Theobalds Grove train station.
publish:
  date: 29 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following a robbery - Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-robbery-Waltham-Cross
```

* ### Two men stole a motorbike from Mo's Motorcycles in Waltham Cross.

 * ### One of the offenders was armed with a baton and threatened a man inside the store while the other offender pushed a bike out of the shop.

 * ### Both thieves then rode off on the green and black Kawasaki bike, which had no plates on.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery at a business premises in units underneath Theobalds Grove train station.

Between 11.35am and 11.50am on Saturday, December 16, two offenders went into Mo's Motorcycles. One had a baton and threatened a man inside the store whilst a second offender pushed a bike out of the shop.

The man with the baton attempted to strike the victim before running to get on the bike. The two offenders then drove off turning right onto High Street.

The stolen bike is a green and black Kawasaki with no plates on.

The offender with the baton is described a slim man, aged in his early to mid-20s. He was wearing a black scarf/snood covering his face up to his eyes, a black jacket and black jogging bottoms.

The second suspect is described as a black man aged in his early to mid-20s. He was wearing what has been described as a white and black French protester mask.

Detective Constable Rebecca Watson is investigating and said: "I'm appealing to anyone who saw these men in the area prior to the offence or riding from the scene to please contact police.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who believes they may have been offered this bike for sale."

Anyone with information that could assist the police investigation is asked to contact DC Watson by emailing rebecca.watson@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police/report quoting crime reference number K2/17/5597.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
