```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Stevenage are cracking down on the illegal use of privately-owned electric or \u2018e-scooters\u2019 after a rise in reports across the town."
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2020
title: Stevenage Police issue warning over illegal riding of e-scooters
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stevenage-police-issue-warning-over-illegal-riding-of-e-scooters-0630e
```

* ## Rise in reports of illegal use of e-scooters in Stevenage Town prompts local officer to take action.

 * ## E-scooters can only be used on private land.

 * ## Illegal use could result in license penalty points and a fine.

Police in Stevenage are cracking down on the illegal use of privately-owned electric or 'e-scooters' after a rise in reports across the town.

The Road Traffic Act 1988 states that a person must not use a motor vehicle on a road or other public place unless a valid policy of insurance is in place.

Electric scooters are motor vehicles, but are not legal for road use and therefore cannot be insured. They can only be used on private land with the landowner's permission.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Adshead, who leads the Central Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Recently, there have been increased reports of e-scooters being ridden illegally in Stevenage and I want to reiterate how dangerous these vehicles can be.

"If parents cause or permit their children to ride them in public, they can also fall foul of the law, which in turn could affect their own driving licence.

"If you are caught riding an e-scooter on a public highway, pavement or cycle lane it could be seized by the police. You could then be reported for driving offences which would lead to significant penalty points and a fine. This could be sufficient to potentially ban an individual from driving other vehicles - whether you currently hold a current driving licence or not.

"Additional motoring offences such as driving on the pavement or failing to stop for a police officer in uniform could lead to further penalties.

"I want to reassure the public that if we see an e-scooter being ridden in a public place, we will deal with the rider appropriately. This is likely to involve seizing the scooter and reporting the rider for the appropriate offences.

"The local teams are engaging with the retailers that sell these machines, to advise them to remind any purchasers that they cannot use an e-scooter on a public road."

The Government recently announced plans to introduce e-scooter rental trials in some parts of the UK, in order to ease the burden on public transport and allow for easier social distancing.

However, it is important to note that the proposed change in legislation will apply only to e-scooters legally used as part of trials, for the duration of the trials. E-scooters not used as part of the trials will remain illegal on the road, in cycle lanes and tracks, and on pavements.

The full Government legislation on e-scooters can be found here.
