```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Tring have been granted authorisation to stop and search members of the public this evening if they have reason to believe they are involved in anti-social behaviour or criminal activity.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2018
title: "Section 60 stop and search powers to be exercised \u2013 Tring"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/section-60-stop-and-search-powers-to-be-exercised-tring-1686
```

Officers in Tring have been granted authorisation to stop and search members of the public this evening if they have reason to believe they are involved in anti-social behaviour or criminal activity.

A Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 has been authorised for certain areas of the town between 5pm today (Tuesday, August 21) and 6am tomorrow (Wednesday, August 22).

The areas that the S60 applies to are:

 * From the Aylesbury Road junction with the A41 in the west and along Icknield Way to the junction with Wingrave Road in the north east
 * From the Wingrave Road junction with Icknield Way and along Grove Road to the junction with Station Road in the south east
 * From Station Road in the south east along the High Street and Western Road to the Aylesbury Road junction with the A41 in the west

Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Jeff Scott said: "This targeted operation is in response to intelligence to suggest a number of people are carrying knives in certain parts of the town. We have reason to believe those involved in this activity are known to one another.

"The aim of a Section 60 is to disrupt crime and keep the public safe. I want it known that we will be stopping and searching any person that we believe are carrying items that could be used in or as part of an offence.

"The consequences of carrying a knife or any weapon are a possible custodial sentence and a criminal record which could affect your job prospects in later life or worse, you could cause yourself or another person serious injury or even death. Please think before you carry a weapon."

A Section 35 Dispersal Order under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 has also been invoked to run concurrently with the Section 60. The dispersal order means people or persons involved in anti-social behaviour or suspected criminal activity will be ordered to leave the area. They will be arrested if they choose to re-enter the dispersal area during the invoked time frame.
