```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a burglary at a caf\xE9 in Bishop\u2019s Stortford have released an image of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following a burglary \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-a-burglary-BishopsStortford-0072A
```

* ### Police would like to speak to the person pictured as part of their enquiries into a burglary in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### It happened overnight between April 11 and 12 on Rhodes Avenue.

 * ### If you know who this is, or have any further information that could assist police, please call 101 quoting crime reference A1/18/661.

Officers investigating a burglary at a cafe in Bishop's Stortford have released an image of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened at The Sweet Life cafe on Rhodes Avenue between 3pm on Wednesday, April 11 and 6.30am on Thursday, April 12.

Between these times, offender(s) smashed a pane of glass in the cafe's front door before entering the premises and conducting a search.

They took a computer tablet and two cans of coke before leaving the scene.

PCSO Adam Pemberton, from the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I appreciate the image quality is less than ideal and the person's face is not clear, but perhaps you recognise their clothing?

"I would also be keen to hear from anyone who saw or heard suspicious activity in the area between the times stated."

If you know the person pictured, saw any suspicious activity at the scene or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number A1/18/661.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
