```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2020
title: Witness appeal following collision in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-in-hatfield-0660
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision at the Oldings Roundabout in Hatfield.

 * ### Two vehicles were involved, a beige motorcycle and a silver Honda.

 * ### One person, a man in his 80s, was taken to hospital with serious injuries.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a collision in Hatfield.

At around 2pm yesterday (Tuesday 22 September) two vehicles - a beige Honda motorcycle and a silver Vauxhall Astra - were involved in a collision at the Oldings Corner roundabout, near the entrance of Tesco.

A man in his 80s was taken to hospital with serious injuries. The other driver was uninjured and remained on the scene, and they are assisting officers with their enquiries.

PC Lee Wilkinson, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the collision, or the events leading up to it, to get in touch. We have already spoken to a number of witnesses, but if you think you may have information that could assist our investigation and have not yet spoken to us, then please get in contact as soon as possible.

"If you were driving in the area at the time of the collision and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please contact us as you may have captured something significant."

Anyone with information can contact PC Wilkinson directly via email at lee.wilkinson@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **ISR 446 of 22 September**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Click here to tell us your thoughts.

**

**
