```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two further people have been arrested in connection with the investigation into the death of Luke O\u2019Connell in Watford."
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2019
title: "Two further arrests made in connection with the death of Luke O\u2019Connell \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-further-arrests-made-in-connection-with-the-death-of-luke-oconnell-watford-0964
```

* ### Two further people have been arrested in connection with investigation into the death of Luke O'Connell

 * ### They are two 24 year old men, from Watford and Nottingham respectively

 * ### This brings the total number of people arrested up to twelve

Two further people have been arrested in connection with the investigation into the death of Luke O'Connell in Watford.

Twenty-six-year-old Luke died in hospital following an incident on Gammons Lane, Watford, which occurred just before 3am on Saturday 31 August.

A 24-year-old man from Watford and a 24-year-old man from Nottingham were both arrested on Tuesday 29 October on suspicion of assisting an offender.

They were taken to custody and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue. This takes the number of arrests in connection with the investigation up to twelve.

Four other people, who were previously arrested on Monday 28 October on suspicion of assisting an offender, have also been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

They are a 48 year old man, a 31 year old man, a 24 year old man and a 22 year old man, all of whom are from Watford.

Five other men have been previously charged in connection with the investigation.

Anyone with further information in regards to this investigation is asked to report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **Operation Orient**. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * **Shahnavaz Azad** , aged 27, of Nicholas Close, Watford; **Mohammed Haroon Azad** , aged 21, of Nicholas Close, Watford; **Aamir Mustafa** , aged 22, of St George's Road, Watford and **Hamza Shah** , aged 19, of Hagden Lane, Watford have all been charged with murder. A pre-trial preparation hearing is scheduled for 3 December at St Albans Crown Court. A provisional trial court date has been set for 2 March 2020 at St Albans Crown Court.
 * **Omar Hamid-Chohan** , aged 25, of The Harebreaks, Watford, has been charged with assisting an offender. He has been released on conditional bail and is due to appear before St Albans Magistrates' Court on Friday 15 November for a first hearing.
 * A 19 year old woman from Watford was last month (September) arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. She has been summoned to appear before St Albans Magistrates' Court on Friday 15 November to answer two charges of assisting an offender and perverting the course of justice.
