```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A bogus gardener who stole from pensioners across Hertfordshire has been handed a prison sentence.
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2018
title: Conman convicted in connection with rogue trading offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Conman-convicted-in-connection-with-rogue-trading-offences-1465J
```

* ### Peter Varey posed as a gardener to gain access to his elderly victim's homes.

 * ### Jewellery and cash were stolen.

 * ### He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to burgle and conspiracy to defraud.

A bogus gardener who stole from pensioners across Hertfordshire has been handed a prison sentence.

Peter Varey targeted his victims by delivering leaflets to homes in Bushey, Borehamwood and Bishop's Stortford advertising gardening services by Benson's Tree Services and Lambert's Tree Services.

Those who expressed an interest were then visited by a group of men who distracted the victims, many of whom were elderly, while stealing thousands of pounds worth of cash and jewellery from inside their homes.

The offences occurred between March and April last year (2017).

Varey, aged 32, formerly of Courtauld Road in Basildon, Essex, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Friday, January 5 to five years and four months for conspiracy to burgle and 10 months to run concurrent for conspiracy to defraud, after pleading guilty.

Two other men were sentenced in connection with the investigation on October 11, 2017.

Detective Constable Phil Terry who investigated the incidents said: "Peter Varey was already serving time in prison for similar offences when he was convicted. I am pleased he has been handed a further custodial sentence and will remain behind bars so he can no longer target vulnerable members of our society.

"His actions have had a devastating effect on some of his victims and I hope this sentence provides some comfort to them and their families."

She continued: "People who commit these types of offences often use pressure and intimidation to make the victim agree to the work, which in the majority of cases, is unnecessary and overpriced. Our advice would be to never accept services from cold callers but instead use a recommended company."

 A list of endorsed companies can be found at here

If you think you have been targeted by rogue traders, contact police on 101. If they are still at your address, contact 999.

Peter Varey
