```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2018
title: CCTV appeal following burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-burglary-in-Watford-0110C
```

* ### Police would like to identify this man who they believe has information about a burglary in Watford.

 * ### It happened in Eastbury Road on between 11.15am and 1.10pm on Wednesday, April 4.

 * ### Do you know who he is? Please call 101 quoting crime reference C1/18/1937.

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Eastbury Road between 11.15am and 1.10pm on Wednesday, April 4.

Between these times, offender(s) have forced entry to the back door of a property and searched inside. Nothing was taken.

Detective Constable Lewis Mortimer, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We would be very keen to speak to the man pictured as we believe he may have information that could progress our enquiries.

"We would also like to hear from anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area between the times stated, or has any further information that could assist us with our investigation.

"Please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number C1/18/1937."

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV appeal
