```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With winter drawing in, Hertfordshire Constabulary is keen to spread the word to residents about how they can protect their homes from burglars.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: Are you doing enough to protect your home from burglars?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/are-you-doing-enough-to-protect-your-home-from-burglars-1995J
```

* ### Technology, including video enabled door bells, is being increasingly used to capture key evidence and will act as a visible deterrent to opportunist burglars.

 * ### Internal timer switches can give your home the 'lived-in' look while acting as a deterrent for when you are not home, especially with the nights' drawing in.

 * ### Evidence and testimonies from convicted offenders confirm that if a burglar thinks someone is home, there is much less of a chance they will target that address.

With winter drawing in, Hertfordshire Constabulary is keen to spread the word to residents about how they can protect their homes from burglars.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth heads up the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, which is a team of officers who investigate a variety of crimes including burglary. Recent advances in home technology can make it easier to protect your home.

Det Insp Macbeth said: "Technology, including video enabled door bells, is being increasingly used to capture key evidence and will act as a visible deterrent to opportunist burglars.

"Internal timer switches are another example of hi-tech equipment that can give your home the 'lived-in' look while acting as a deterrent for when you are not home, especially with the nights' drawing in."

He added: "Evidence and testimonies from convicted offenders confirm that if a burglar thinks someone is home, there is much less of a chance they will target that address. Make sure it is not yours."

Hertfordshire Constabulary issues the following advice:

 1. Use a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 2. Ensure doors are double locked at all times. Keep windows closed and locked.
 3. Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 4. Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight.
 5. Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed.
 6. Join Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: **www.owl.co.uk**
 7. Visit **www.owlprotect.uk** for discounts on security products.

If you have any information about a burglar or are reporting a burglary retrospectively, call 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, call 999.

For further crime prevention advice, visit the 'Protect Your Home' page.
