```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The body of a man discovered in a river in Hitchin has now been formally identified as William \u2018Bill\u2019 Taylor."
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2019
title: Body found in Hitchin identified as William Taylor
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/body-found-in-hitchin-identified-as-william-taylor-2583g
```

* ### The body of a man discovered in a river in Hitchin has now been formally identified as William 'Bill' Taylor.

 * ### Mr Taylor, aged 70, was last seen at his home in Gosmore at around 9pm on Sunday, June 3, 2018.

 * ### Since he was reported three people have been arrested and charged in connection with his murder.

The body of a man discovered in a river in Hitchin has now been formally identified as William 'Bill' Taylor.

A member of the public found the body near Charlton Road on the afternoon of Sunday, February 10.

Mr Taylor's family have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

Extensive enquiries have been carried out at the scene by officers from the Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire Major Crime Unit.

Mr Taylor, aged 70, was last seen at his home in Gosmore at around 9pm on Sunday, June 3, 2018.

Since he was reported missing extensive enquiries have taken place and three people have been arrested and charged in connection with his murder.

 * Gwyn Griffiths, aged 59, of Lucy Avenue, Folkestone, Kent, has been charged with conspiracy to murder and assisting offenders. He is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on March 4.

 * Angela Taylor, aged 52, of Charlton Road, Hitchin and Paul Cannon, aged 53, of Pirton Road, Hitchin, are both charged with arson, murder and conspiracy to murder. They are due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on April 8.
