```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A woman has today (Monday, March 18) been sentenced to three years and two months for running over a Tesco employee who tried to intercept her after she was involved in an alleged shoplifting incident in the store.
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: Woman sentenced for Tesco fail-to-stop collision
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-sentenced-for-tesco-fail-to-stop-collision-2759
```

* ### Lucy Turner, aged 32, of Haggerston Road, Borehamwood, has been sentenced to three years and two months in prison

 * ### She previously pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving, as well as a number of other charges

 * ### This relates to an incident in the car park of Rickmansworth Tesco in December last year

A woman has today (Monday, March 18) been sentenced to three years and two months for running over a Tesco employee who tried to intercept her after she was involved in an alleged shoplifting incident in the store.

Lucy Turner, aged 32, of Haggerston Road, Borehamwood, appeared before St Albans Crown Court after pleading guilty to the following charges:

 * Attempted theft (from Tesco in Rickmansworth)
 * Causing serious injury by dangerous driving
 * Use of a motor vehicle on a road/public place without third party insurance
 * Driving whilst disqualified
 * Being the driver of a vehicle that failed to stop after a collision
 * Being the driver of a vehicle that failed to stop after a collision and failing to report the collision

These charges relate to an incident on Sunday, December 23, 2018, where Turner was involved in an alleged attempt to steal alcohol from the Tesco store on Harefield Road in Rickmansworth.

She tried to leave the car park in a blue Citroen C3, but a female staff member and several members of the public tried to stop her.

Turner drove the vehicle erratically in an attempt to escape and in doing so, ran over the victim - a woman in her 20s. The victim suffered a serious back injury as a result. She is still recovering and has not yet been able to return to work.

Turner, who was already disqualified from driving and does not hold a licence, did not stop to see if the victim was okay.

Detectives from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit immediately launched an investigation and began gathering evidence.

They were quickly able to identify Turner as being in the vehicle by analysing CCTV stills. The car was recovered in Watford the next day, on December 24. After forensic examination, Turner's DNA was found on the airbag and on items found in the car. After evading officers for a number of weeks, she was later arrested on February 14.

Detective Constable Rob King, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "The fact this incident happened the last weekend prior to Christmas meant the supermarket car park was even busier than usual.

"Turner showed complete disregard for the shoppers' safety and only thought about herself when she chose to drive that car in such a dangerous manner. The victim bravely tried to intervene but Turner callously used the vehicle as a weapon, causing the victim to fall to the ground and suffer a serious injury to her back.

"Distressing footage of the incident was shared on social media at the time of the incident and the local community showed great concern for the victim. I am pleased with today's sentence and I hope it begins to give the victim and her family some closure, enabling them to move forward with their lives."

Once she is released, Turner will have to wait three years before taking an extended driving re-test.

Turner also pleaded guilty to two separate incidents: a theft from Tesco in Pinner on December 23, where she stole alcohol, and a theft from the Co-op in Borehamwood on December 24, where she stole two containers of baby milk formula.

 * A 45 year old man and a 47 year old woman have also been arrested in connection with the incident at Tesco in Rickmansworth. The man was arrested on suspicion of theft and dangerous driving and the woman was arrested on suspicion of GBH, theft and dangerous driving. They are both from Edgware and remain under investigation at this time.
