```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for the victim of a suspected attempted theft in St Albans today (Saturday May 5) to come forward.
publish:
  date: 5 May 2018
title: "Appeal to trace alleged purse snatch victim \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-alleged-purse-snatch-victim-St-Albans-0172
```

* Appeal to trace victim of attempted purse snatch
 * Alleged incident occurred in St Albans town centre on Saturday May 5
 * 3 men arrested by police and in police custody

Police are appealing for the victim of a suspected attempted theft in St Albans today (Saturday May 5) to get in touch.

At around 11.25am, it is believed that a man had attempted to snatch the purse from a woman in Market Place. It is believed that following a tussle the woman was able to get the purse back from the man. The man made off from the scene.

Three men were later arrested by officers on suspicion of conspiracy to steal. They are currently in police custody while the investigation continues however the woman has not yet been traced.

Officers are appealing to the woman to come forward to assist with the investigation. She is described as a black lady aged in her 60s.

Anyone with information that could help identify the woman is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101, quoting incident reference number 303 of May 5, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
