```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault on a taxi driver in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2018
title: "Appeal following an assault on a taxi driver \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-assault-on-a-taxi-driver-Hatfield
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information after a taxi driver was assaulted in Hatfield

 * ### It happened in Cherry Way between 6.15pm and 6.20pm on Tuesday, April 17

 * ### Please call 101 quoting crime reference B2/18/1697 if you witnessed what happened or have any further information

Officers investigating an assault in Hatfield are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Cherry Way between 6.15pm and 6.20pm on Tuesday, April 17.

The victim collected the offender from Potters Bar railway station and was directed to Cherry Way.

On arrival, the offender told the driver he needed to go inside his house in order to get the money to pay for the fare.

The driver asked to retain an item that belonged to the offender in order to ensure he would return.

However the offender punched the victim on the left arm before getting out of the vehicle and making off.

The victim followed and a physical altercation occurred between both parties before the offender ran off in the direction of The Wades.

The offender is described as black, estimated to be in his early 30s, and around 5ft 11in tall. He was wearing a green top and jeans. The victim was not injured during the incident.

If you witnessed what happened, saw a man matching the description running from the scene or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email abi.wilkins@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number B2/18/1697.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
