```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following assault in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-welwyn-garden-city-0315b
```

* ### At around midnight on Friday, May 31, a woman was assaulted by a man in an alleyway in Panshanger Drive.

 * ### He grabbed her arm and pulled her to face him, asking: 'So what is a young girl like you doing out alone at this time?' before she managed to run off.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101.

Officers investigating an assault in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

Sometime between midnight and 1am on Friday, May 31, a woman was walking in an alleyway opposite Waterford Green in Panshanger Drive when a man walked past her and said 'you alright?' to which she replied 'alright, you?'

The man started following the victim before trying to engage her in further conversation and grabbing her arm and pulling her to face him.

The victim managed to break free and ran off. She did not sustain any injuries.

The offender is described as white, of slim build, aged in his 30s and had a black beard. He was wearing a grey hoody with the hood up and a black coat.

Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact PC Abi Wilkins by emailing, report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere_ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/48909/19._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
