```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing CCTV images of an individual they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following an attempted burglary in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 3 Jan 2019
title: CCTV appeal following attempted burglary in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-attempted-burglary-in-potters-bar
```

* **At 2.43am on Friday, December 28, a man attempted to break in to a property in Mandeville Road, Potters Bar**
 * **Police are tracing an individual they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following the incident **
 * **Anyone who recognises him is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime 41/70248/18**

Police are releasing CCTV images of an individual they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following an attempted burglary in Potters Bar.

At 2.43am on Friday, December 28, a man attempted to push open the front door at a property in Mandeville Road.

Before gaining access, he made off down the driveway.

Detective Constable Dan Evans, who is investigating, said: "I'd like to speak to the man pictured as I believe he may have information that can help with our investigation.

"Anyone who recognises him can contact me by emailing me at _daniel.evans@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime 41/70248/18."

Residents can make their homes more secure by following some basic crime prevention advice such as:

 * Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 * Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 * Visit **www.owlprotect.uk** for discounts on security products.

As well as contacting the investigating officer directly, you can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
