```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to six years in prison and will have his assets investigated under the proceeds of crime act after he was found in possession of class A and B drugs, a firearm, ammunition, cash and expensive jewellery.
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2020
title: Drug dealer sent to prison and assets investigated
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-dealer-sent-to-prison-and-assets-investigated-186
```

* A Cheshunt man has been sent to prison for six years for drug and firearm offences.
 * Jay Thakore, aged 29, was arrested in October 2019 after an incident at the Travelodge in Cheshunt.
 * Call us on 101 to report drug offences.

A man has been sentenced to six years in prison and will have his assets investigated under the proceeds of crime act after he was found in possession of class A and B drugs, a firearm, ammunition, cash and expensive jewellery.

Jay Thakore, aged 29 of Victoria Close, Cheshunt was arrested outside the Travelodge hotel in Cheshunt with a loaded pistol on the evening of 10 October 2019.

Class A and B drugs were found in his hotel room and his home address along with 100 rounds of blank ammunition adapted to be live and substantial amounts of cash and expensive jewellery.

Thakore was subsequently charged and at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday 28 May he was found guilty of:

 * Possessing a prohibited firearm.
• Possessing ammunition without a firearm certificate.
• Two counts of possessing a controlled drug of Class A with intent to supply.
• Possessing a controlled drug of Class B with intent to supply.

The following charges will lie on file*:
 * Possessing a firearm, with intent to cause fear of violence.
• Possessing criminal property.

Detective Constable Richard Webster, said: "Good police work which led to this sentencing has taken a drug dealer off our streets. His assets have been seized and are being investigated under the Proceeds of Crime Act which shows that crime certainly does not pay.

"We rely on members of the public to give us vital bits of information to help us protect our community from these kinds of criminals. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to protect the region."

You can report information about crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

* When a charge 'lies on file' it means that a judge has agreed that while there is sufficient evidence, a conviction would not increase the sentence imposed. However, the charge(s) could then be re-heard at a later date should the defendant commit any further offences.
