```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Mini Police officers from Four Swannes Primary School have been helping to clean up their local area.
publish:
  date: 28 Dec 2018
title: Mini Police clean up Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Mini-Police-clean-up-Waltham-Cross-2251
```

Four Swannes Mini Police

Mini Police officers from Four Swannes Primary School in Waltham Cross have been helping to clean up their local area.

Twenty one children aged between 9 and 10 years old, who are part of the Mini Police scheme, joined officers from the Cheshunt Safer Neighbourhood Team for a litter pick in the streets around the school on Tuesday December 11.

The children are currently involved in the Mini Police project and have been learning about working for the community and they have chosen to clean up the area as their special project.

Working alongside local PCSO Rosa Mulandi, the children also designed posters to encourage local residents to think about the environment and deter them from dropping litter.

PCSO Rosa Mulandi from the Cheshunt Safer Neighbourhood Team said:: "The class felt that the first step to making the community a better place was to clean up the local area and to make people think about how they treat their neighbourhoods. The children feel that if people start to take pride in their neighbourhoods this can help to build a stronger and more peaceful community, with less anti-social behaviour and people looking out for each other."

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events.

The programme, which originated in Durham, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

An eight-week trial of the scheme took place at a school in Harpenden back in April. Following its success, it is now being rolled out across the county thanks to funding from the Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd.

Four Swannes Mini Police
