```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 60 vehicles were stopped during a proactive multi-agency operation to combat fly tipping and waste crime in Three Rivers on Wednesday (11 March).
publish:
  date: 13 Mar 2020
title: Day of action to tackle fly tipping in Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/day-of-action-to-tackle-fly-tipping-in-three-rivers-1534
```

* ### More than 60 vehicles stopped during fly-tipping operation

 * ### The four hour operation took place in the Valley Road area of Three Rivers

 * ### Vehicles were checked for waste carriers licenses and road worthiness

More than 60 vehicles were stopped during a proactive multi-agency operation to combat fly tipping and waste crime in Three Rivers on Wednesday (11 March).
Officers from the Three Rivers' Safer Neighbourhood Teams and the Three Rivers' Operation Scorpion team joined forces with Three Rivers District Council, the Environment Agency and Trading Standards for the day of action.
Following a briefing at Rickmansworth police station the team positioned themselves in the car park next to the Denham Way play area in Maple Cross.

During the four hour operation, 69 vehicles were stopped and checked by all the different agencies to ensure they were road safe, and aware of the law around the legal disposal of waste.

Traders were given advice around how to trade lawfully and follow-up work is to be done by the Safer Neighbourhood Team in regards to a report of suspected rogue trading in the Valley Road area.

Sergeant Neil Canning, who leads the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, organised the day of action with support from partners.
He said: "Those who feel they are entitled to dump rubbish illegally have a hugely negative impact on the environment. Therefore high-visibility partnership work like yesterday's operation is essential in making the district a hostile operating environment for criminals who wish to commit this type of offence.

"We are very pleased to say that the majority of motorists we stopped were adhering to the procedures around the disposal of waste. We recorded several intelligence reports and also used our stop and search powers where appropriate in order to check those who we stopped were in possession of the correct documentation for legal waste disposal.

"We'd like to thank the public for the patience they showed while we were conducting our operation and we hope they felt reassured by our presence."

Phil Williams, Lead Member for Environment Services and Sustainability, added: ''The Council takes waste crime seriously and actively pursues those that fly tip and allow fly tipping to take place. It was appropriate to hold another action day to ensure that waste carriers in our district are complying with the law.
"As a member of the Hertfordshire Fly Tipping Group, this partnership approach is yet another way we are working together to tackle waste crime in our district. Residents should keep following the S.C.R.A.P code when disposing of their rubbish and can find all the information they need at www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/flytipping.''

If you witness fly tipping in action, please dial 999 and ask for police, giving the call operator as much information as possible without putting yourself at risk. If possible, take down the registration number of the vehicle involved and descriptions of the suspects. If it is safe to do so, take a photograph of the incident.

If you come across waste that has been fly tipped, please contact your local council in the first instance.

Everyone has a legal obligation to ensure their household or business waste is disposed of correctly. You can still be prosecuted even if your waste is fly tipped by someone else on your behalf.

If it's your waste, it's your responsibility. Always use a registered waste carrier to collect your rubbish. You can find a registered waste carrier in your area here. Together, we can SCRAP fly tipping.

 **S** uspect all waste carriers. Don't let them take your rubbish until they provide proof of registration. Note their vehicle's registration plate.

**C** heck that a waste carrier is registered on the Environment Agency's website.

**R** efuse any unexpected offers to have your rubbish taken away.

**A** sk how your rubbish will be disposed of - seek evidence of this.

**P** aperwork must be obtained: a proper invoice, waste transfer note or receipt, including a description of the waste being removed and the waste carrier's contact details.
