```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four teenagers have been arrested following an investigation into suspected cuckooing and drug dealing offences in Royston.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2020
title: Four arrested following cuckooing investigation in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrested-following-cuckooing-investigation-in-royston-182
```

* ### Four arrested in connection with cuckooing and drugs offences.

 * ### Quick acting officers carried out investigations following the report and apprehended four teenagers visiting the address.

 * ### Spots the signs advice given to residents.

Four teenagers have been arrested following an investigation into suspected cuckooing and drug dealing offences in Royston.

On Tuesday 2 June, officers received information that an address in Icknield Walk in Royston, was being cuckooed and used by a group of people to deal drugs from.

Operation Scorpion officers, along with detectives from the North Herts Local Crime Unit and the Safer Neighbourhood Team, attended the address to carry out some initial observations. As a result, four teenagers were arrested. They were:

A 15 year old boy from Hitchin was arrested on suspicion of threats to kill (relating to an offence in Bedfordshire) and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Two 17 year old boys from Hitchin were arrested on suspicion of threats to kill, relating to a Bedfordshire offence.

A 15 year old boy from Royston was arrested after he was found to be in possession of a knife and a quantity of cannabis.

All four been released under investigation.

The owner of the property is being supported by specialist staff and alternative accommodation has been arranged

Detective Inspector Angela Griffiths said: "The devastating impact of drugs cannot be underestimated and it is often our most vulnerable members of the community who are worst affected.

"Our work to disrupt the local drugs trade and crack down on cuckooing is ongoing, but we need your help to do this. It's important that neighbours and communities are able to spot the signs and report it early, to help reduce the impact on all concerned. So please familiarise yourselves with the signs of cuckooing and report any concerns, so we can take appropriate action."

**Signs of cuckooing:**

 * You haven't seen the person who lives at the address recently, or other people appear to be living there
 * Lots of different people coming and going from a property during the day and at night
 * Suspicious smells coming from the property
 * Windows covered or curtains closed all of the time
 * Cars pulling up to or near to the property for a short period of time
 * An increase in anti-social behaviour around the property

**How can you help?**

 * Make sure you know the signs to look out for
 * Work with us by reporting anything suspicious straight away
 * You can call 101, report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched at herts.police.uk/contact.
 * You can report information anonymously through CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
 * Remember if a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in North Herts using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-nherts and have your say.
