```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating the stabbing of a teenager in Cheshunt are hoping to identify a van driver who came to the victim\u2019s aid as he might be a key witness."
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019
title: Appeal to find van driver who helped stabbing victim in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-find-van-driver-who-helped-stabbing-victim-in-cheshunt-183k
```

* ### An 18-year-old was stabbed on Monday, April 29 in Davison Drive.

 * ### The offenders drove away in a silver or grey Peugeot.

 * ### A man in a white Ford Transit van helped the victim before he went to hospital.

Detectives investigating the stabbing of a teenager in Cheshunt are hoping to identify a van driver who came to the victim's aid as he might be a key witness.

The incident occurred at around 2pm on Monday, April 29 in Davison Drive.

An 18-year-old man left an address in the road when he saw two black men. One was holding a knife.

The teenager ran from them, but was chased and stabbed twice - once in his leg and once to his hand.

The offenders then got into a silver or grey Peugeot, which had black tinted windows and contained a woman, and drove away.

One of the men is described as being around 6ft 3ins tall and of slim build. The second is described as being around 5ft 10ins tall and of slim build.

The victim was helped by a man in a white Ford Transit van before he went to hospital where he received 22 stitches to his leg.

Detective Constable Elaine Adams from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit is investigating. She said: "We are yet to establish a motive for this appalling act of violence and it is very fortunate the victim wasn't more severely injured.

"We would like to speak with the driver of the van who stopped to help the victim as he may have witnessed something important to our investigation. We'd be grateful if he could contact us.

"Additionally, we'd like to hear from anyone else who was in the area at the time and might have seen any part of this incident."

Anyone who has information should contact DC Adams on _elaine.adams@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/38855/19. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
