```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "On Monday 12 August, Anthony Perry \u2013 known as Tony or \u2018Big Tone\u2019 \u2013 was travelling on his everyday route to work, and sadly lost his life after his motorcycle was in collision with a car on Graveley Lane just after 6.45am."
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2019
title: Tribute to Anthony Perry
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-anthony-perry
```

The following tribute is from the family of Anthony Perry:

On Monday 12 August, Anthony Perry - known as Tony or 'Big Tone' - was travelling on his everyday route to work, and sadly lost his life after his motorcycle was in collision with a car on Graveley Lane just after 6.45am.

The 64 year old lived in Stevenage with his wife and together they have three grown up children. He was also a wonderful grandfather to eight grandchildren aged between two and 20.

Tony grew up in Tottenham, London, with his sister and parents and they all moved to Stevenage when he was just nine. He had a wide circle of friends from all over and his family say he was 'very loved and will be sorely missed' by all who knew him.

The dad-of-three's love of motorbikes started when he was much younger. He grew to be a very experienced biker and had several advanced training courses under his belt. He enjoyed going out riding with his friends, who were also fellow motorbike enthusiasts.

Tony's friends and family said: "He was a lovely, kind, friendly and approachable family man, who loved nothing more than spending time and weekends away with his family. If the weather was good he would always look to take his bike out for a run. He will be a sorely missed husband, father, brother and grandad.

"He means everything and more to his family and friends. He also loved and was loved by everyone that had the honour of knowing or meeting him."

The family kindly ask that they are now given privacy to grieve.
