```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Regular police officers, Special police officers and police staff have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2017
title: "Police officers and staff praised at Chief Constable\u2019s awards ceremony"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-officers-and-staff-praised-at-Chief-Constables-awards-ceremony-1196
```

**Police officers and staff praised at Chief Constable 's awards ceremony**

Regular police officers, Special police officers and police staff have been honoured for their dedication and bravery at an awards ceremony held at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City **.**

Will Hobhouse Esq, High Sheriff of Hertfordshire, was the Guest of Honour at the event on Tuesday, November 21 and presented the recipients with their awards.

The following police officers received their Long Service and Good Conduct medal:

 * Police Constable Lisa Perks, for **20 years ' service** in the Safer Neighbourhood Team **based at Hertford.** Lisa is aged 46 and lives in Welwyn Garden City. Lisa joined the Constabulary in March 1997, serving four years on the Intervention team in Welwyn Hatfield before she was posted to the Safer Neighbourhood Team.
 * Police Sergeant Matt Curnow, for **20 years ' service**, an Intervention/Response Team officer **based at Rickmansworth.** Matt is aged 45 and lives in Watford. The dad-of-two joined the force in the spring of 1997 and after his 15 weeks training, he was posted to Watford Police Station. He is a trained response driver, Police Support Unit officer and a member of the Police Search Team. In 2005 he was promoted to Sergeant and shared his duties between custody and Intervention.

The following Special officers received the Special Constabulary Long Service and Good Conduct award:

 * Acting Special Chief Inspector Ron McMurdie, for **39 years ' service**, **based at Rickmansworth.** Ron is aged 64 and lives in Watford. Now in his 40th year, Ron began his career as a Special Constable in August 1978 and was promoted to Special Sergeant in 1980, followed by Special Inspector in 1982. He is now thought to be one of the longest serving Inspectors in the history of Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary. Ron has been on duty for several memorable incidents during his four decades of service, including the train crash near Watford Junction in 1996, and the journey of Princess Diana's funeral cortege in 1997. One of his fondest memories is travelling to Whitehall with five other colleagues in November 2010 to represent the Constabulary at the Cenotaph on Armistice Day.
 * Special Sergeant Gordon Matton, for **nine years ' service, based at Hemel Hempstead**. Gordon is aged 46 and lives in Aylesbury. Father-of-two Gordon joined in 2007 and was assigned to Hemel Hempstead. He has twice won Special Constable of the Year, in 2008 and 2007. He was nominated due to his dedication to the role, as he would often come in the day after an arrest to see the job through and learn the process from start to finish.
 * Special Sergeant Michael Warby, for **nine years ' service, based at Hertford**. Michael is aged 38 and lives in Buntingford. Michael, who has two children, joined the Constabulary in August 2008 and now has an estimated 2,151 patrol hours under his belt. One of the highlights of his career was chasing down and arresting a man who had a knife. For this, he was nominated for a Chief Constable's commendation.
 * Special Constable Stuart Murray, for **nine years ' service**, with the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit **based at Stevenage**. Stuart is aged 28 and lives in Welwyn Garden City. Stuart joined in March 2008 and was initially based in Welwyn Garden City before he applied to work with the Road Policing Unit. He has done a lot of partnership working with the fire service to teach young people about road safety. Stuart is trained in advanced first aid and has stepped in to help members of the public on several occasions, thankfully always with a positive outcome.

The following member of staff received the Police Staff Long Service Award:

 * Liz Davidson, **for 20 years ' long service **as a union representative (UNISON) **based at Hatfield.** Liz is aged 57 and lives in Welwyn Garden City. Liz began her policing career aged 16 as a Cadet before becoming a regular Police Officer in 1978, based in Welwyn Garden City. In 1996, she took up a police staff role in the Force Control Room before being elected as UNISON Branch Secretary in 2005.
 * ** **

The following police officers and special officers received a Royal Humane Society award:

 * Police Constable Brian Evans, **based at Hemel Hempstead**. Brian is aged 51 and lives in Hemel Hempstead.
 * Special Constable Richard Downs, **based at Hemel Hempstead**. Richard is also aged 51 and lives in Redbourn.

The two officers found a high-risk missing person in **Hemel Hempstead** and saved his life in January 2017.

A man had told relatives that he intended to harm himself before going missing. His family reported it to the police and significant resources were deployed to try and locate him, to no avail.

Brian and Richard were checking possible locations for the man when they spotted his car.

They approached and opened the door where they found the man in the driver's seat. He was alone but the officers quickly realised he had self-inflicted a serious injury.

He was bleeding profusely so the officers called an ambulance and used their hands to apply pressure to his wound. They continued to do this for 20 minutes before the paramedics arrived. The man was taken to hospital where he underwent immediate surgery and made a full recovery.

There is little doubt that without the prompt action of Brian and Richard, the man would have been at real risk of dying.

 * Special Constable Natalie Cro, based with the **Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit.**

SC Cro, who is a keen motorcyclist, was off duty and on her way to Goodwood Motor Circuit with some friends on August 7, 2016 when she came across the aftermath of a collision involving a van and a motorbike.

She jumped off her bike and ran to the scene, where she found a motorcyclist unresponsive in front of the van.

Other members of the public were also at the scene but were unsure of how to assist so, after checking the motorcyclist's pulse, which was very faint, Natalie directed her friends to help move the van away from the rider and asked other members of the public to stop the traffic. The Special Constable then asked someone to call 999 while she commenced CPR.

The paramedics arrived and took over CPR with a defibrillator and Natalie went to check on the occupants of the van, who were both in extreme shock and very upset. Natalie stayed with them to support them. Sadly, the motorcyclist was later pronounced dead at the scene.

Recalling the incident, Natalie said: "Whilst I have been a trained first aider for nearly ten years, my experience as a Special Constable over the last four and a half years, with the last year having been with BCH Road Policing, was invaluable and gave me the confidence to deal with the scene calmly and allowed me to revert to my training."

Natalie was nominated for the Royal Humane Society award by a member of the public at the scene.

The following officers received a Chief Constable's Commendation award:

 * Detective Inspector Kerry Bull, based at Hatfield on Local Policing Command Operational Intelligence. Kerry is aged 49 and lives in Stevenage.

DI Bull and his team of officers were commended for their work on a joint operation with the Metropolitan Police into a number of sexual assaults on children in both Hertfordshire and London.

The offender posed as a police officer when committing the string of assaults from October 2015 to January 2016, telling the victims that they were suspects in a crime in order to get them to go with him before he then attacked them.

The first three offences were committed in Hertfordshire and the standard of investigation was recognised to be very thorough.

Following extensive enquiries by both Metropolitan and Hertfordshire officers, a 33-year-old man from London was arrested, charged and remanded into custody.

After a three week trial at Wood Green Crown Court in August 2016, a jury found the defendant guilty of all offences and he was jailed for life.

Kerry and his team are praised for their outstanding investigative ability that helped secure a life sentence for a dangerous and predatory offender.

 * Detective Constable Guy Reynolds, based in the **Eastern Region Special Operations Unit**
 * Digital Forensic Examiner Jim Maas **,** based in the **Cyber Crime Unit** at Stevenage Police Station

Guy and Jim worked on the investigation into a cyber-attack that took down PlayStation and Xbox on Christmas Day 2014.

A warrant was executed at an address in Hertfordshire and one man was arrested. Following a search of the premises, a significant amount of computer equipment was recovered.

The investigation was protracted and involved painstaking with several different organisations.

Guy and Jim helped to build a case and the suspect was eventually charged with two counts of computer misuse and money laundering.

Due to the quality of the evidence and presentation of the case, the defendant pleaded guilty to all charges and was sentenced at the Old Bailey.

Guy and Jim are commended for their investigation and detective ability during this complex investigation.

Chief Constable’s awards ceremony
