```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where a cyclist fell from his bike in Waltham Cross are appealing for anyone who witnessed what happened to come forward.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2017
title: "Appeal to trace witnesses following cyclist incident \u2013 Waltham Cross"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-witnesses-following-cyclist-incident-WalthamCross-1129K
```

* ### Cyclist, in his 70s, fell from his bike on a pathway off Eleanor Cross Road, Waltham Cross.

 * ### It happened at 11.15am on Tuesday, October 17.

 * ### Did you witness the incident? Did you go to the cyclist's aid? Please call us on 101.

Officers investigating an incident where a cyclist fell from his bike in Waltham Cross are appealing for anyone who witnessed what happened to come forward.

It happened on the pathway between Eleanor Cross Road and Abbey Road, next to the bus depot, at 11.15am on Tuesday, October 17.

The cyclist, a man in his 70s, was cycling along the path in the direction of Eleanor Cross Road when, for reasons unknown, he was in collision with the wall that runs alongside the bus depot.

He suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital, where he sadly later passed away.

PC Bob Hauxwell, who is investigating, said: "We understand there were a number of people in the area at the time of the collision, as there is high footfall in that part of the town. We would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident that has not yet approached us. You may have vital information that could assist us with our investigation.

"If you think you could help, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form . No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
