```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating reports of criminal damage to a vehicle in Hatfield are appealing to trace anyone who may have witnessed the incident.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following alleged criminal damage to vehicle
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-alleged-criminal-damage-to-vehicle2127B
```

* ### Between midnight and 5.45am on Friday, November 9, a tyre was slashed on a vehicle in Goldings Crescent, Hatfield.

 * ### The following week, on Sunday November 18, the victim saw another tyre on

 * ### her

 * ###

 * ### vehicle had been slashed, this time on the rear nearside tyre.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/57458/18.

Officers investigating reports of criminal damage to a vehicle in Hatfield are appealing to trace anyone who may have witnessed the incident.

Between midnight and 5.45am on Friday, November 9, a tyre was slashed on a vehicle in the rear car park of Goldings House, in Goldings Crescent.

The victim, a woman in her 30s, went to her vehicle to leave for work around 5.45am and noticed the front nearside tyre on her vehicle had been slashed.

The following week, on Sunday November 18, the victim saw another tyre on her vehicle had been slashed, this time on the rear nearside tyre.

Police are not currently linking the two incidents.

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/57458/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
