```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-St-Albans-0033F
```

* ### Between 3.10pm and 3.35pm on Tuesday, March 27, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Cell Barnes Lane.

 * ### Cash, jewellery and a children's scooter were taken during the burglary.

 * ### Any witnesses, or anyone with information should contact DC Spencer Dicks on 101 or spencer.dicks@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference F1/18/1422.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in St Albans.

Between 3.10pm and 3.35pm on Tuesday, March 27, offender(s) gained entry to a property in Cell Barnes Lane.

They conducted an untidy search and along with a quantity of cash, they took the following items:

 * Four large gold bangles
 * Four children's bangles
 * A men's wedding ring (with a large diamond and two small stones)
 * Two women's gold rings
 * Three sets of children's gold earrings
 * Three sets of children's necklaces
 * Three women's gold necklaces
 * A men's Sekonda wrist watch
 * A small women's gold pendant
 * Two piggy banks
 * A children's scooter

DC Spencer Dicks, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who might have seen suspicious activity in the area at the time to get in touch.

"If you believe that you have been offered any of these items for sale, I would also like to hear from you.

"Any other information you may have, no matter how small it may seem, could be vital to the investigation so please don't hesitate to contact me."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Spencer Dicks or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F1/18/1422. You can also report information online .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
