```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Today (Monday, December 3), Hertfordshire Constabulary is flying the flag for International Day of Persons with Disabilities \u2013 an annual day that aims to promote the rights and well-being of those with disabilities."
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2018
title: Flying the flag for International Day of Persons with Disabilities
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/flying-the-flag-for-international-day-of-persons-with-disabilities-2174all
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary is flying the flag for International day of Persons with Disabilities.

 * ### The annual day aims to promote the rights and well-being of those with disabilities.

 * ### A special purple Constabulary flag was raised outside headquarters in Welwyn Garden City this morning.

Today (Monday, December 3), Hertfordshire Constabulary is flying the flag for International Day of Persons with Disabilities - an annual day that aims to promote the rights and well-being of those with disabilities.

Superintendent Dean Patient - the force strategic equality lead for disability - was joined by members of Hertfordshire Constabulary's Disability and Carers Network (HDCN) and president of the national Disabled Police Association Rob Gurney to raise a purple flag outside our headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

To mark the day last year Purple Space - a networking group for disabled employees - called on organisations to create a 'purple light up' to celebrate the economic and leadership contribution of disabled people in the workplace. In recent years the colour purple has been increasingly associated with disability and organisations have been asked to go #BiggerBolderBrighter with the colour today.

Superintendent Patient said: "I'm pleased that we are raising the flag today for people all around the world who deal with disabilities on a daily basis and recognising the valuable contribution they make to the workplace.

"No-one within the Constabulary should be worried or concerned about speaking out about a difference they may have or seeking additional support."

President of the national Disabled Police Association Rob Gurney said: "Police forces and their disability support networks across the UK are shining a purple light on disability today.

"I am delighted that Hertfordshire Constabulary is joining other forces and the private sector in celebrating the value of staff networks for disabled people."
