```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a public order offence and incident of criminal damage in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following public order offence and criminal damage in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-public-order-offence-and-criminal-damage-in-Hoddesdon-1658K
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to a public order and criminal damage incident at the BP Station in Ware Road, Hoddesdon, to come forward.

 * ### A motorists was aggressive towards two others and punched a car window causing damage.

Officers investigating a public order offence and incident of criminal damage in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 7.30pm on Saturday, February 10, the victim was at the BP Station in Ware Road with her cousin when another motorist was aggressive towards. The offender shouted at the victim and punched her car window causing damage. The offender also shouted at the victim's cousin.

The victim drove off but was followed for several minutes by the offender, who was driving a silver or grey Alfa Romeo. When she returned to the petrol station the man drove off.

PC Stuart Rogers, who is investigating, said: "This incident happened when there were several people at the petrol station who may have witnessed what happened.

"If you saw the incident please make contact with me by emailing, call Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K1/18/356 or report information online.

"Alternatively, if you'd rather provide information anonymously contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form.
