```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives in East Herts have released images of jewellery stolen in a burglary in Bishop\u2019s Stortford as part of a new appeal for information."
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: Jewellery pictures released as part of new appeal
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jewellery-pictures-released-as-part-of-new-appeal-1656A
```

* ### Detectives release images of stolen jewellery.

 * ### High value items taken during December burglary.

 * ### Officers appeal for any new information.

Detectives in East Herts have released images of jewellery stolen in a burglary in Bishop's Stortford as part of a new appeal for information.

The burglary occurred at a property in Plaw Hatch Close last year, sometime between Tuesday December 12 and Friday December 15. Offenders forced their way into the house by smashing a rear patio door. A diamond ring and other items of gold jewellery were stolen.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, is investigating and said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have seen this jewellery to get in touch. It is highly likely it has been offered for re-sale. If you recognise it or have any other information relating to the burglary please contact us.

"Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Turner via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/17/2445. You can also email or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Jewellery pictures released as part of new appeal
