```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Today (Monday 21 December) Hertfordshire Constabulary starts recruiting police officers to be trained in a totally new way.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020
title: Recruitment to new student officer training starts in Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruitment-to-new-student-officer-training-starts-in-hertfordshire-0997
```

* ### Police officer recruitment starts today

 * ### Hertfordshire is the first force in the region to offer fully-funded degree scheme

 * ### Visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk

Today (Monday 21 December) Hertfordshire Constabulary starts recruiting police officers to be trained in a totally new way.

Hertfordshire is the first police force in the region to offer a fully-funded degree apprenticeship or graduate diploma scheme.

Under the Police Education Qualification Framework (PEQF), devised through the College of Policing, our student officers will receive formally recognised and professional qualifications for the first time through Anglia Ruskin University.

Our recruitment campaign begins today and the programme launches in July 2021 when the first cohort join the force and start their academic and on-the-job training.

The new entry routes to become a police officer are:

 * **Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA)** - join as a police officer and achieve a BSc (Hons) degree in Professional Policing Practice. This is a three-year, work-based, practical and vocational degree;
 * **Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP)** - aimed at those who have a degree in any subject. In your first two years, you will achieve a Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice whilst you train as a police officer.

Superintendent Ruth Dodsworth, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Workforce Development team, said: "Being a police officer is such a rewarding role and these new entry routes give our recruits the opportunity to earn while they learn, gaining a fully-funded degree or graduate diploma, with a good starting salary and opportunities to specialise and progress a great career.

"We are particularly reaching out to our diverse communities and under-represented groups to join us and make a real difference to their local community. We want our workforce to reflect the communities we serve and protect."

For more information about becoming a Hertfordshire police officer and how to apply, visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk

Through our 'Positive Action' scheme, Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to building relationships with under-represented groups and encouraging them to join our policing family. For more information and support visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk/diversity
