```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2020
title: Appeal following assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-watford-0959c
```

* ## It happened on Wednesday 25 November in Whippendell Road, close to the junction with Durban Road East.

 * ## The suspect reportedly hit the man on the side of his face.

 * ## A 17 year old boy has been arrested in connection with the incident.

 * ## Witnesses and those with information should call 101 or email laura-jane.cicale@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/94951/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Watford.

The incident happened on Wednesday 25 November in Whippendell Road, close to the junction with Durban Road East. At around 10am, the victim - a man in his fifties - was reportedly shouted at by a teenage boy.

A verbal altercation ensued and the suspect reportedly hit the man on the side of his face, causing reddening and a lump on his temple. A member of the public stopped to intervene.

Investigator Laura Cicale said: "We have arrested a 17 year old boy from Watford on suspicion of assault and attempting to headbutt an officer in connection with this incident.

"He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue and so I am appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch.

"Were you in the area? Did you see what happened?

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation. If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email Investigator Laura Cicaleme quoting crime reference 41/94951/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
