```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in North Herts are investigating a suspicious incident involving a 10 year old girl on her way to school this morning (Thursday 7 November).
publish:
  date: 7 Nov 2019
title: Suspicious incident in Woolmer Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspicious-incident-in-woolmer-green-0986g
```

* ## Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an incident involving a suspicious van in Woolmer Green.

 * ## Driver pulls up by at 10 year old girl on her way to school.

 * ## Officers need Dash Cam footage from the area at the time.

Detectives in North Herts are investigating a suspicious incident involving a 10 year old girl on her way to school this morning (Thursday 7 November).

The incident happened at 8.05am as the girl was walking along London Road from Woolmer Green to Knebworth. A white or silver van, being driven by a man, drew up alongside the girl just as she was passing the Lessiters chocolate factory and the driver shouted at the girl to get in before driving off in the direction of Woolmer Green.

The driver was wearing a black hoody. At no point did the man exit the vehicle or try to physically grab or touch the child.

Detective Matt Creese, who is investigating the incident, said: "Although physically unharmed the girl is understandably very shaken up by this incident and we want to trace this vehicle and its driver as soon as possible in order to establish the exact circumstances.

"We want to speak to everyone who was in the area at the time, as you may have information that could help our investigation, particularly if you had a dash cam operating in your vehicle."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Detective Matt Creese in the North Herts Local Crime Unit on 101, report online or via email

Alternatively, you can stay anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
