```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who has just turned 18 has been charged with Grievous Bodily Harm with intent and possession of a bladed article after a 16-year-old received a stab injury to his back.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2020
title: Teenager charged and remanded for St Albans assault
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-and-remanded-for-st-albans-assault-1379f
```

* ## Kobi Nelson, age 18, of Heronswood Road in Welwyn Garden City has been charged and remanded in prison for GBH and possession of a knife.

 * ## It happened in Chalkdell Fields, St Albans, last year.

 * ## St Albans district takes a tough stance on knife crime and will continue to use stop and search powers.

A man who has just turned 18 has been charged with Grievous Bodily Harm with intent and possession of a bladed article after a 16-year-old received a stab injury to his back.

Kobi Nelson, age 18, of Heronswood Road in Welwyn Garden City has been charged and remanded in prison for the offences, which happened in Chalkdell Fields, St Albans, on February 18 last year. During the assault, the 16-year-old boy received superficial injuries to his back but needed stitches.

Nelson has been remanded in prison until his next court date on Monday March 9 at St Albans Crown Court.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick said: "We take a tough stance on violent crime, particularly knife related crime, in the St Albans district. I have a team of officers who will seek out a small number of young people, who are known to us, and disrupt their activities. We will continue to use our powers under stop and search legislation to identify and arrest those who carry weapons."

She said: "Knife crime has a far reaching and devastating impact on victims, offenders and their families. No-one wants to arrange a funeral for their child or see them go to prison.

"We are also working with parents and schools to educate young people that carrying a knife is illegal and makes you much more likely to be injured or arrested. It is not glamourous or tough and you are more likely to become involved in a violent incident or be arrested, even if you are acting in self-defence. Carrying a knife does not make you safer."

If you believe you have information about someone carrying a knife please let us know as soon as possible by calling 101 or submit information online. If a crime is in progress always dial 999.

For more information visit.
