```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have arrested a man in connection with the theft of a dog in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2020
title: Arrest in connection with dog theft
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrest-in-connection-with-dog-theft-1353
```

Officers have arrested a man in connection with the theft of a dog in Waltham Cross.

Sky - an 18 month old Staffordshire Bull Terrier - was reportedly stolen on Christmas Eve after escaping from her home in Park Lane and making her way towards Tuneright Motors (also in Park Lane).

Yesterday (Wednesday 29 January), an 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of theft in connection with the incident. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

PC Emma Adams, from the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Sky is still missing at this time and I would encourage anyone who thinks they might have seen her to get in touch.

"Sky is described as just under one metre tall and of a slim build. Her colour is blue but she appears as a brown colour. She is currently losing hair on her chest and behind both of her ears which gives these areas a lighter appearance. She has a scratch on the back of her right ear.

"I would also like to reassure local pet owners that despite talk on social media of other dog thefts in the Goffs Oak area of Broxbourne, we have not received any reports of this nature."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/115435/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at _crimestoppers-uk.org_.
