```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 34-year-old man was jailed for 14 years today (Friday 29th March) for a \u201Cbrutal and vindictive\u201D attack against his former partner."
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2019
title: Man jailed for assault on former partner in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-assault-on-former-partner-in-harpenden-2825f
```

* ### Naeem jailed for 14 years today for a "brutal and vindictive" attack.

 * ### His former partner suffered a broken arm and damage to eye.

 * ### The judge stated the man from East Ham, London, was dangerous.

A 34-year-old man was jailed for 14 years today (Friday 29th March) for a "brutal and vindictive" attack against his former partner.

Sabri Naeem, of Priory Road, East Ham, was found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of a Class A drug at St Albans Crown Court.

A jury had heard that at 2am on 1st July last year, Naeem approached his former partner in Milton Road, Harpenden. He kicked and punched her to the ground before taking a full wine bottle and hitting her with it.

The court heard how he wrapped wire around the glove he was wearing and punched her repeatedly in the eye. She was left with a broken wrist and permanent damage to one of her eyes.

Naeem made off from the scene and became a wanted person. Officers tracked him down some weeks later in east London where he was arrested. There he was also found to be in possession of suspected cocaine.

Ruling today, the judge said that Naeem was dangerous and handed him a 14-year extended jail term.

Detective Constable Laura Bassett, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation & Safeguarding Unit, said: "I am pleased that we have secured this conviction and have no doubt Naeem is a dangerous man. His brutal and vindictive actions left a woman with potentially life-long injuries. My hope is that the victim in this case can move forward with her life, free from abuse."

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek added: "At the trial the victim chose not to give evidence against Naeem. Whilst it is a shame she could not support the prosecution, we recognise the difficult circumstances that many victims of domestic abuse face.

"Excellent initial evidence gathering and then diligent detective work by DC Bassett meant that we did not need to rely solely on the victim's testimony to secure a conviction. In the end the jury concluded that Naeem was guilty of this horrific, spiteful and frenzied attack. He will now be staying in prison for a long time."

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website. In an emergency situation, always call 999.
