```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault that occurred in Radlett are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2018
title: "Appeal for witnesses following an assault \u2013 Radlett"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-an-assault-radlett-1730
```

* ### Police want to speak to witnesses who saw an assault in Radlett

 * ### It happened at the petrol station on Watling Street at around 8.45pm on Monday, August 27

 * ### If you have any information that could assist police, please call 101 quoting reference 41/31433/18

Officers investigating an assault that occurred in Radlett are appealing for witnesses and information.

It happened at the Esso petrol station in Watling Street at around 8.45pm on Monday, August 27.

A verbal altercation occurred on the forecourt between the victim, a man in his 40s, and the offender, who was driving a black Mercedes A180.

The offender punched the victim in the face which caused him to fall to the ground and become unconscious.

The offender then got back in his vehicle and left the scene.

He is described as a white man aged in his 20s with pale brown hair and stubble. He was wearing a black T-shirt and jogging bottoms.

As a result of the assault, the victim suffered a serious head injury and was taken to hospital for further treatment where he remains this morning (Monday, September 4).

Detective Constable Andy Paveley, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "We are currently following a number of lines of enquiry with regards to this incident but from looking at CCTV footage, we can see that there are a number of people who were on the forecourt at the time of the incident who may have witnessed what happened.

"If you saw the incident and have not yet spoken to police, we would urge you to make contact with us as soon as possible. This was a nasty assault that has left the victim with serious injuries.

"If you think you can help, please email me at _andy.paveley@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting reference 41/31433/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
