```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Following new information, officers investigating a report of assault in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses who might be able to help their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Appeal following report of assault in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-report-of-assault-in-hatfield-0993
```

* ### The incident happened outside the Schofield Building in College Lane between around 4.30am and 5am on Sunday 18 October

 * ### A 19 year old woman sustained a broken nose

 * ### A man has been arrested but officers believe there are further witnesses outstanding

 * ### If you can help, call 101 or email Assistant Investigator Jayne Davidson at jayne.davidson@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/83770/20

Following new information, officers investigating a report of assault in Hatfield are appealing for witnesses who might be able to help their enquiries.

The incident happened outside the Schofield Building in College Lane between around 4.30am and 5am on Sunday 18 October.

It was reported that a 19 year old woman was involved in an altercation with two men (both known to her) and this resulted in the women being hit. The ambulance service were called and she was found to have suffered a broken nose.

Subsequently, a 21 year old man from Hounslow was arrested on suspicion of assault and has since been bailed. A 22 year old man from Edgware has also attended Hatfield Police Station for a standalone interview.

Assistant Investigator Jayne Davidson said: "We've been carrying out numerous enquiries into this report and have spoken to witnesses. However, following new information, we believe that there were a number of people watching the incident from nearby flats and we would like to speak with them.

"Were you watching the incident? Did you see a woman get hit? If you can help, please get in touch. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"Similarly, I'd like to hear from anyone else who thinks they can help.

"You can get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me at jayne.davidson@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/83770/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.
