```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A domestic abuser from Welwyn Garden City was jailed on Tuesday, February 12 for assaulting and controlling his former partner.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2019
title: Domestic abuser from Welwyn Garden City jailed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/domestic-abuser-from-Welwyn-Garden-City-jailed-2562b
```

* ### A man from Welwyn Garden City has been jailed for 28 weeks for assaulting and controlling his former partner.

 * ### Brian Henry was sentenced on Tuesday, February 12 after pleading guilty to two counts of racially aggravated assault and one count of engaging in controlling behaviour in an intimate relationship.

 * ### Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088.

A domestic abuser from Welwyn Garden City was jailed on Tuesday, February 12 for assaulting and controlling his former partner.

Brian Henry's ex phoned police from their property in Welwyn Garden City on August 15, 2017 after he assaulted and verbally abused her. Henry was intoxicated and had been using coercive behaviour towards the victim.

Henry's hand was bitten by the dog when he was standing in the victim's face and pointing at her, after which he claimed the dog bites were from where she had stabbed him and he said he was going to get her locked up. He was also squeezing his hands so drops of blood fell.

Officers established that Henry had been using racially abusive language towards the victim and threw grapes at her, and he was subsequently arrested on suspicion of racially aggravated common assault. While Henry was being arrested inside the address, the victim, who was standing outside the address with an officer, suddenly collapsed and sadly died. It was later found that the victim had an undiagnosed heart problem.

On August 4, 2017, the victim reported that Henry returned home intoxicated after being asked to leave the pub and proceeded to spit at her and swear at her. She said he was slamming things around, pushing her and then he hit her.

Henry was arrested for racially aggravated common assault, and coercive and controlling behaviour. He was later released from custody and no further action was taken at the time, however the case was reviewed following the second incident on August 15, 2017.

At St Albans Crown Court, 56-year-old Henry, of Blythway, Welwyn Garden City, pleaded guilty to two counts of racially/religiously aggravated common assault/beating, which happened on August 4, 2017 and August 15, 2017. Henry pleaded guilty to engaging in controlling/coercive behaviour in an intimate/family relationship from December 29, 2015 to August 15, 2017. The fourth matter, engaging in controlling/coercive behaviour in an intimate/family relationship, of which Henry pleaded not guilty, was put on file.

He was jailed for a total of 28 months for engaging in controlling and coercive behaviour in an intimate, family relationship, and sentenced to eight weeks for racially/religiously aggravated common assault/beating, which will be served concurrently. He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £120.

Major Crime Unit Detective Sergeant Laurence Rush said: "The abuse that this victim suffered under Henry had been going on for many years, and very tragically, in her last moments she was abused and assaulted by Henry.

"Domestic abuse is not just about violence. Coercive and controlling behaviour is a crime too and our investigation and ultimately the jail sentence given to Henry shows how seriously it is taken by the law."

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website.

Brian Henry
