```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Black History Month celebrations kicked off yesterday (Monday, October 1) with a special event held in Watford.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: Constabulary celebrates Black History Month with an event in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Constabulary-celebrates-Black-History-Month-with-an-event-in-Watford
```

Black History Month celebrations kicked off yesterday (Monday, October 1) with a special event held in Watford.

Organised by Watford PCSO Sandra Smith, the event at Stanborough Park Church Watford, aimed to celebrate and recognise the great work being done within the Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) Communities.

Attended by over 50 people, the event marks the beginning of a series of events held or attended by the Constabulary throughout the month of October.

Black History Month is a national event to promote knowledge of 'Black History' and to disseminate knowledge of positive black contributions to Britain.

She said: "It was an honour to be asked to speak at the event, Black History Month celebrates the achievements of BAME people and there are many within the community of Watford who do wonderful work. I am proud to come from Watford." Alicia went on to talk about her journey in policing and some of the obstacles she has had to face during her career and how she has overcome them.

Also joining in the celebrations were members of the community, local pastors, Mayor Peter Taylor, Dr John Willmott, Watford Chief Inspector Matthew Phillips, Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Mason and local PCSOs Sandra Smith and Letitia Rawlings. Students from Stanborough College of Music and Stanborough Senior School were also there and presented Alicia with a bouquet of flowers.

Five local people and organisations were given awards in recognition of their work in working with the community to promote inclusion;

 * Andrea Hayes, Community Liaison Officer, Linking Communities and Services Together
 * Martha Kimuyu, Community Outreach Worker, BAME Domestic Abuse Project Women's Centre
 * Asian Meet and Greet Social Club
 * Thrive African and Caribbean Youth Project
 * Enoch Kanagaraj and Stanborough Church

Reflecting on the event, PCSO Sandra Smith said: "I'd like to thank Enoch Kanagaraj who supported me in the ensuring the event was a success. My vision for this event was to join together as Black Asian and Minority Ethnic Community to recognize what great work is taking place whilst also giving a shout out to our unsung heroes. My work largely involves working to change perception whilst making a difference. I truly believe the quote by Max Lucado " _One Person cannot do everything but everyone can do something "_."
