```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team will be taking part in the 360 Flip Showcase in Castle Park, Sworders Field on Saturday (28 September)."
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2019
title: "Meet your local officers in Bishop\u2019s Stortford on Saturday"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Meet-your-local-officers-in-Bishops-Stortford-on-Saturday-0826
```

* The Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team will be taking part in the 360 Flip Showcase in Castle Park on Saturday (28 September)
 * Officers will be on hand to discuss any issues affecting local residents
 * They will also be giving advice around knife crime

The Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team will be taking part in the 360 Flip Showcase in Castle Park, Sworders Field on Saturday (28 September).

The event, which runs between 11am and 1pm, has been organised by police alongside East Herts District Council, Bishop's Stortford Town Council and Clarion Futures. It is a chance for residents to find out more information about the regeneration of Castle Park.

Alongside an exciting mix of skateboard showcases, basketball games and live graffiti painting, officers will be on hand to discuss any issues affecting local residents.

Following the national knife amnesty Op Sceptre, they will be giving advice around knife crime and what to do if you suspect that someone you know is carrying knives.

PCSO Jordan Tooke said: "The event is sure to be fun for all the family and we're looking forward to meeting as many residents as possible.

"We will have lots of freebies to give away, including "Lives Not Knives" water bottles and footballs.

"If you're coming along on Saturday, drop by and say hello. We're here to keep you safe so please don't hesitate to let us know if there's a problem we can help you with."
