```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead where a necklace was stolen have released photo of it as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Image of necklace released following robbery in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/image-of-necklace-released-following-robbery-in-hemel-hempstead-0787
```

Officers investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead where a necklace was stolen have released photo of it as part of their enquiries.

The incident happened in an underpass between Rant Meadow and St Albans Road between 9.25am and 9.45am on Tuesday 20 October.

The victim, a woman in her 50s, was approached by a man walking in the opposite direction. He pushed her against the wall of the underpass before stealing her purse, her smart watch and a rose gold crucifix from around her neck.

During the robbery, the victim hit her head on the wall and suffered a minor cut as a result. The offender left in the direction of Rant Meadow before the victim made her way home to call police.

The offender is described as white, between 5ft 9in and 5ft 10in tall and aged in his late 30s. He was wearing a light-grey baggy hoodie with the hood up, light grey jogging bottoms and a black bandana style mask across the bottom of his face.

Detective Constable Michael Durrant, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This incident left the victim feeling shaken and nervous of leaving her home.

"We have already made extensive enquiries into this offence but we have decided to release a photograph of this distinctive necklace to see if anyone had been offered it for sale, or has any information about it.

"Did you see a man matching the description in the area around Rant Meadow between the times stated? Any information, even if you think it is insignificant, could be hugely helpful."

You can email DC Durrant at michael.durrant@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/84446/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
