```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A pensioner who had his bike stolen was given a new set of wheels by Age Concern St Albans earlier this month.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2018
title: Pensioner wheely pleased with new bike
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pensioner-wheely-pleased-with-new-bike-2230F
```

* ### A pensioner who had his bike stolen was given a new set of wheels by Age Concern St Albans earlier this month.

 * ### The bike was sourced, serviced and fitted with new lights.

 * ### Local officer said: "It's never nice to be a victim of crime and we hope this gesture has helped reassure him that London Colney is still a nice place to live.

A pensioner who had his bike stolen was given a new set of wheels by Age Concern St Albans earlier this month.

PC Steve Whittaker, who recently joined the _London Colney, St Stephen and St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Team_ , said: "Mr Roberts who is aged 83 was so upset to find his bike stolen as he relies on it to get around and it helps keep him fit and healthy. We tried to trace the person responsible but without any CCTV or any leads, unfortunately we have been unable to get his bike back."

PC Lauren Wilson, who has also recently joined the team, was able to source a replacement bike, which was serviced and fitted with new lights, and donated to Mr Roberts through Age Concern.

She said: "Mr Roberts was over the moon to get a new bike. We've already seen him riding it around London Colney. It's never nice to be a victim of crime and we hope this gesture has helped reassure him that London Colney is still a nice place to live."

Leslie Roberts, age 83, had his bike stolen from allotments in Richardson Close in London Colney on October 9.

Age Concern is an independent local charity whose purpose is to promote the welfare of elderly people in and around the City of St Albans.
