```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a defibrillator was stolen and two others were damaged in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2018
title: Do you know who is responsible for tampering with defibrillators in Abbots Langley?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-know-who-is-responsible-for-tampering-with-defibrillators-in-AbbotsLangley-0066C
```

* ### Defibrillators at three different locations have been targeted.

 * ### Officers are working to trace those responsible.

 * ### If you seeing anyone acting suspiciously around this equipment please report it to police.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a defibrillator was stolen and two others were damaged in Abbots Langley.

Between 11.30pm on Friday, April 13 and 11.55am the following day, the lock on the defibrillator case by the Henderson Memorial Hall in the High Street was damaged. During the same times, the casing on equipment outside Manor House Sports Club, in Gallows Hill Lane, was also damaged.

Previously, between 11.20pm and 11.30pm on Thursday, March 29, four males were seen removing the defibrillator from outside Tanners Wood Hall in School Mead. Members of the public intervened on this occasion and the males dropped the defibrillator nearby before running off.

PC Abbi Symes, from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The fact that people have damaged and attempted to steal equipment which is there to save lives, is very upsetting for people within the local community who may need to use it one day.

"Thanks to intervention from a vigilant member of the public, the defibrillator was quickly recovered and returned to the local council on the first occasion. However, we have now seen further incidents and are working to establish whether they are linked. I am appealing for anyone with information to please come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Symes on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/18/953. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
