```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify following a theft from a car in Royston, as they think he might be able to assist with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2020
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-in-royston-1299
```

* ### The incident happened in the Tesco Old North Road car park.

 * ### The victim, a woman in her 80s, had her handbag stolen from her car.

 * ### Officers are hoping to identify someone they think could assist with their investigation.

Officers are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify following a theft from a car in Royston, as they think he might be able to assist with their enquiries.

On Wednesday 18 December, at around 2pm, a woman's bag was taken from her car outside Tesco on Old North Road.

It has been described as a large black handbag, containing a black purse, a cheque book, a passport and a large amount of euros.

PC Jon Seppings, who is investigating, said: "Understandably the victim, who is a woman in her 80s, has been left distressed at the loss of her possessions. We are hoping that someone might be able to identify the man pictured, as we believe that he was in the area at the time and might be able to assist with our investigation.

"We believe that the suspect may have gotten into a small silver car after taking the handbag, possibly a 2008 Volkswagen Tiguan, which was also parked in the Tesco car park.

"If you believe you recognise the man, or if you witnessed the incident taking place or have any information you think could assist our investigation, please get in contact with us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Seppings directly via email at Jon.Seppings@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/113454/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
