```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are trying to trace a team of around four white men wearing baseball caps aged in their late teens or early 20s and a Silver Audi A3 following two more burglaries in St Albans this weekend.
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2018
title: "Two more burglaries in St Albans this weekend \u2013 help us identify these men"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-more-burglaries-in-stalbans-this-weekend-help-us-identify-these-men-0503f
```

* ### Police are linking two burglaries that happened on Saturday to five burglaries that occurred last weekend.

 * ### Police are trying to trace a team of around four white men wearing baseball caps aged in their late teens or early 20s and a Silver Audi A3.

 * ### Make your house less attractive to thieves by properly securing your windows and doors and ask a neighbour or friend to keep an eye on their property when you are on holiday.

Police are trying to trace a team of around four white men wearing baseball caps aged in their late teens or early 20s and a Silver Audi A3 following two more burglaries in St Albans this weekend.

Police are linking the two burglaries which happened on Saturday afternoon between 4.30pm and 4.50pm in Whitecroft and then in the High Street, London Colney.

Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick said: "I am linking these burglaries to the five that occurred last weekend in the Camp and City Centre. It seems that the method is that one of the men first knocks at the front door and then if no-one answers, they force their way into the property. In the London Colney offence the team forced their way in via the rear of the premises not expecting to see the male resident inside. They threatened the man before leaving empty-handed."

She said: "I want to make residents aware of these men, described as white men wearing baseball caps with Irish accents in their late teens/early 20s. If someone of this description knocks on your door and asks for a person who does not live at the address or appears implausible as to why they are there please call police straight away. A silver Audi A3 is also seen in the area at the time of these burglaries, which is believed to be connected. We have stepped up proactive and covert police patrols and are working with other specialist departments to catch these men. However, if you see any men matching this description acting suspiciously in your neighbourhood, please call 999. If reporting retrospectively, please go online or call police on 101."

She said: "Make your house less attractive to thieves by properly securing your windows and doors and ask a neighbour or friend to keep an eye on their property when you are on holiday. Consider joining Neighbourhood Watch via OWL (Online Watch Link) to receive emails about crime in your local area."

She added: "Keep windows and doors shut and locked when you are out, especially when you go on holiday, and at night. Don't leave your car keys by your front door - burglars will look to see if they can break into your home quickly and take your car keys and may be able to activate keyless fobs from outside your property if within a close enough range. I'd also urge residents to keep their jewellery hidden away and make sure you take photographs of any distinctive items. Please also make sure you **securely lock all windows and doors, double locking PVCu doors and** invest in timer lights to give your home the lived-in look. You can also purchase smart web cam CCTV technology for inside your home or on your doorbells. Watch out for your neighbours' properties and report anything suspicious to police."
