```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As the New Year begins, Hertfordshire Constabulary is asking residents to make sure they take good care of any new valuables they received at Christmas.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2018
title: Look after your Christmas gifts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Look-after-your-Christmas-gifts-1540
```

* ### Keep valuable Christmas gifts safe by keeping your home secure

 * ### Don't leave valuables on show at home, in the car or in public

 * ### Visit our crime prevention pages to find out how to keep your property and home safe

As the New Year begins, Hertfordshire Constabulary is asking residents to make sure they take good care of any new valuables they received at Christmas.

The first few weeks of the New Year are a prime time for burglars and thieves to target homes, sheds and cars for new items bought over Christmas. Leaving items or packaging on view can offer an opportunity to a thief.

"Children and adults are using and enjoying the gifts they this Christmas and it would be terrible to lose a new treasured item or have it stolen. Leaving packaging out where it can be seen, can advertise your new items to burglars. Similarly, if you are showing off news phones, jewellery or other valuables when out in public this can attract the attention of thieves" said Inspector Nicola Dean of Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit. "Don't leave empty packaging on view and keep valuables out of sight when out in public. Make use of the security features on new mobile devices and make sure they are locked when not in use."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to protect your new valuables:

 * If you're due to get home after it gets dark, why not use timer switches on your lamps to give your home the 'lived-in' look?
 * Lock all doors and windows, and ensure any PVCu doors are locked properly by lifting the handle and using the key to double-lock them.
 * Pay particular attention to making sure that ground floor windows and windows that are accessible above flat roofs, close to drain pipes or in reach of fire escapes, are secure.
 * Don't leave boxes and packaging out by your bin which could advertise to passing opportunistic thieves what they may find inside your home.
 * Try to keep all valuables like laptops, cameras and mobile phones out of the sight of anybody looking in - and why not register them on a free online database like: www.immobilise.com.
 * Consider installing a security cameras, lights or burglar alarm - discounted products are available via www.owlprotect.co.uk.
 * Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Neighbourhood watch schemes makes residential areas safer - visit www.hertswatch.com to join your local scheme.

Visit www.herts.police.uk/crimeprevention for more advice on home security and protecting your valuables.
