```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2020
title: Witness appeal following incident in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-incident-in-letchworth-1428
```

* ### The incident happened on Saturday 15 February at around 7.10pm.

 * ### A man was assaulted in Rushby Mead.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Letchworth.

At around 7.10pm on Saturday 15 February, police were called to Rushby Mead to reports that a man had been assaulted.

Upon arrival, they found that the victim - who is a man in his 40s - had sustained several injuries, which were suspected to be stab wounds.

He was taken to hospital for treatment.

A 31-year-old woman from Letchworth has been arrested on suspicion of GBH. She has since been released on bail while the investigation continues.

DC Lee Whale, who is investigating, said: "We are aware that this is likely to cause concern among the community, but I'd like to take this opportunity to stress that this is being treated as an isolated incident, and that both the victim and the suspect are known to each other.

"If you were in the area at the time, and believe you may have witnessed the incident or the events leading up to it, please get in contact. Any information, even something that may seem minor or insignificant, could be vital to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Whale directly via email at lee.whale@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/14390/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
