```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision on the outskirts of Ware are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2020
title: Did you witness a serious collision on the outskirts of Ware?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-a-serious-collision-on-the-outskirts-of-ware-0029
```

* ### Did you witness a collision between a Suzuki motorcycle and a VW Golf in East Herts?

 * ### It happened at the junction of Hoe Lane and Stanstead Road just before 3pm on Saturday 11 April

 * ### The motorcyclist, a man in his 40s, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries

Officers investigating a serious collision on the outskirts of Ware are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident happened at the junction of Hoe Lane and B1502 Stanstead Road just before 3pm today (Saturday 11 April).

A white Volkswagen Golf and a silver and black Suzuki motorcycle were in collision, resulting in the motorcyclist - a man in his 40s - suffering serious injuries.

He has been taken to hospital by air ambulance and his next of kin have been informed.

The driver of the VW Golf, a man in his 20s, was uninjured. He remained at the scene following the collision.

Sergeant Will Hood, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Did you see the motorcycle or the VW Golf prior to the collision? Did you witness what happened?

"If you have any information which you believe may be helpful to our investigation, please get in touch.

"Do you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? If you were travelling in the vicinity of the collision today and believe you may have captured something significant, we would like to hear from you."

If you have any other information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting ISR 443 of 11 April.

You can email Sergeant Hood at william.hood@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
