```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Over 50 residents concerned about crime and anti-social behaviour in Potters Bar attended a public meeting organised by Potters Bar Neighbourhood Watch at Potters Bar football club last night (November 29).
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2017
title: Potters Bar Safer Neighbourhood Team reassure residents
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Potters-Bar-Safer-Neighbourhood-Team-reassure-residents-1255J
```

* ### Public meeting to discuss crime and anti-social behaviour in Potters Bar a success.

 * ### Always double lock PVCu doors and consider using web door bells.

 * ### Receive free emails about crime in your area by joining Neighbourhood Watch.

Over 50 residents concerned about crime and anti-social behaviour in Potters Bar attended a public meeting organised by _Potters Bar Neighbourhood Watch_ at Potters Bar football club last night (November 29).

Council representatives were invited alongside Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe, Potters Bar & Shenley Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Noel Buckley, PC Paul Francis and PCSO Graham Tippett.

CI O'Keeffe, who lives in Potters Bar, presented local crime figures and spoke about recent issues, including burglaries. He said: "It was a great opportunity to speak to residents directly and reassure them about what we are doing to tackle crime. We were able to address some issues, including how residents should report crime and we were able to address misconceptions directly with residents.

"In relation to burglary, we have police officers dealing with burglaries as well as officers who carry out high-visibility and covert police patrols, but the best thing is for residents to make sure they use simple crime prevention deterrents like web cam door bells or timer switches and always make sure you double lock PVCu doors."

Sergeant Buckley added: "Although I'd rather be out on the streets catching criminals, it was important to hear residents' concerns. We cannot be on every street 24 hours of the day and so we need residents to report any suspicious behaviour and join schemes like Neighbourhood Watch, where residents will receive emails about crimes in their local area."

A Potters Bar Neighbourhood Watch spokesperson said: "The meeting was very successful and the police officers who attended were knowledgeable and reassuring to our residents. Thank you to them for their attendance and support. "

After the meeting, another resident posted on social media: "The police are doing the best they can. But more importantly everybody should report anything suspicious and should take steps to secure their home by installing good sensor lights, alarms and CCTV."

Street lighting is the responsibility of Hertfordshire County Council, although police do have the power to request street lighting past midnight in certain streets to address crime for a short period of time.

If someone's life is at risk or a crime is in progress, dial 999. If it is not an emergency, call 101, for example to report a burglary retrospectively. You can also use the online webchat facility to report crime via herts.police.uk or speak to one of your neighbourhood officers during their neighbourhood 'surgeries' or make an appointment to meet them by calling 101.

To join Neighbourhood Watch, log on to www.owl.co.uk or speak to your local PCSO.
