```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bushey Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) are holding a free security marking event on Saturday 18 January.
publish:
  date: 10 Jan 2020
title: "Safer Neighbourhood Team hold security marking event \u2013 Bushey"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/safer-neighbourhood-team-hold-security-marking-event-bushey-1255
```

Officers from the Bushey Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) are holding a free security marking event on Saturday 18 January.

Officers will be at the Bushey Library, Sparrows Herne, Bushey between 10am - 1pm, where they will be security marking pedal cycles, phones, iPods and other valuables with the owner's house number and postcode. They will also be giving out general personal security and crime prevention advice.

Marking bikes in this way makes them less attractive to thieves, as they are harder to sell on. It also means they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily in the event they are recovered after being lost or stolen.

PCSO Esther Ainsley, who has organised the event, said: "This is a great opportunity for us to meet face-to-face with shoppers, residents and visitors to Bushey, make their property more secure and also pass on crime prevention tips. There's no need to make an appointment for the bike marking - just turn up on the day.

"The public will also have chance to find out more about the Online Watch Link (OWL) messaging system, which if they sign up to means they will receive tailored crime alerts and information to their email inbox.

Further advice on how to keep your bikes and other personal property more secure can be found on the _crime prevention_ section of our website.
