```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An off licence in Hatfield has been given strict new licence conditions after police raised concerns about anti-social drinking related to alcohol sales from the shop.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2019
title: "Off licence given strict conditions on alcohol sales \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/off-licence-given-strict-conditions-on-alcohol-sales-hatfield-2545b
```

* ### Officers applied for a review of the of Herts Off Licence's premises licence following reports of sales of alcohol to street drinkers.

 * ### It was believed that the shop had sold single cans to people known to commit drink-related anti-social behaviour in the town centre.

 * ### Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour should call 101.

An off licence in Hatfield has been given strict new licence conditions after police raised concerns about anti-social drinking related to alcohol sales from the shop.

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit applied for a review of the of Herts Off Licence's premises licence following reports of sales of alcohol to street drinkers.

It was believed that the shop in Market Place had sold single cans to people known to commit drink-related anti-social behaviour in the town centre.

The town centre is now subject to a Public Space Protection Order (PSPO) meaning it is a criminal offence to drink alcohol in a public place within the area covered by the order.

During a review hearing at Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council, a condition was added to the premise's licence to not sell alcohol to persons identified as known street drinkers and perpetrators of anti-social behaviour within the PSPO area.

Herts Off Licence supported these conditions being added to its licence.

Other licensed premises in Hatfield town centre will also be asked to refrain from selling alcohol to known street drinkers.

Assistant Investigator James Moatt, from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit, said: "These measures will contribute to an improvement in the environment for all businesses, visitors and residents in Hatfield.

"The key message here is that the availability of alcohol to street drinkers needs to be reduced in order to tackle crime and disorder. Licensed premises have a part to play in supporting the police and council street wardens in managing the PSPO effectively, and in turn improving the local environment."

Councillor Fiona Thomson, Executive Member for Public Health, said: "It's important that businesses work with us to help to tackle anti-social behaviour issues in the town centre.

"The PSPO is part of a much wider programme of work that goes on throughout Welwyn Hatfield to reduce anti-social behaviour, including our outreach work in partnership with many local organisations that ensures residents have access to the right support.

"Anyone who has any suspicions around anti-social behaviour should never hesitate to report it to the police on 101."
