```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged assault that occurred in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Stevenage.
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-Stevenage-1701
```

* Did you witness alleged assault in High Street, Stevenage?
 * The victim was reportedly punched in the face and suffered a fractured jaw.
 * Anyone who saw the alleged assault or has information that could assist our investigation is asked to contact officers.

Officers investigating an alleged assault that occurred in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 3.10am on Saturday (February 24) the victim - a man aged in his 20s - was in the High Street when he was reportedly punched in the face. He suffered a fractured jaw.

Detective Constable Kate Rickard, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who saw the alleged assault or believes they may have information that could assist our on-going investigation to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Rickard by emailing kate.rickard@herts.pnn.police.uk, call the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 31 year old man from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of assault. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
