```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a racially aggravated assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses who may have information that could help with their investigation."
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2019
title: "Appeal following a racially aggravated assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-racially-aggravated-assault-in-bishops-stortford-0626a
```

* ### Officers are investigating an alleged racially aggravated assault in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### The incident took place outside a bar in Anchor Street on 4 August at 4am.

 * ### Anyone who has any information are encouraged to call 101, quoting 41/70495/19.

Officers investigating a racially aggravated assault in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses who may have information that could help with their investigation.

 The incident took place at 3am on Sunday 4 August outside Bacchus Bar in Anchor Street.

 A fight between two men occurred which was then interrupted by intervening door staff who were then allegedly assaulted and racially abused by one of the men.

 Detective Constable Chris Jones from the Case Investigation Team said: "There would have been a few people out the front of the premises who may have witnessed or heard the events as they unfolded.

 "Please get in touch no matter how small you believe the information is."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Jones via email, report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/70495/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * A 20-year-old man from Bishop's Stortford was arrested on suspicion of racially/ religiously aggravated assault. He is currently on police bail as investigations continue.

**Hate crime**

**A hate crime is any criminal offence targeted against a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their race, religion, sexual orientation, transgender identity or disability.**

www.hertsagainsthate.org offers information to the public in Hertfordshire about hate crime.

Hate crimes are crimes such as assaults, harassment or criminal damage, with the exception that the victim was targeted because of who they are or what they believe in.

They can have a severe impact on the victim while those found guilty of one can expect a tougher sentence at court.

Hertfordshire Constabulary takes hate crime seriously and encourage victims and witnesses to report them either to us or to one of the many third party reporting centres. A list of third party reporting centres in Hertfordshire can be found by clicking on the link on the right hand side of this page.

All reports will be taken seriously and treated sensitively.

We will thoroughly investigate crimes and victims will receive support from one of our specially trained hate crime officers.
