```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary at Mill Green Golf Club in Gypsy Lane, Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following burglary at Mill Green Golf Club
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-at-mill-green-golf-club-1113b
```

* ## Between 1.40am on Wednesday 23 December and 2am on Thursday 24 December, 36 golf buggy batteries were stolen from the club.

 * ## Extensive enquiries have been carried out and the victims have now given permission for a public appeal.

 * ## If you can help, call 101 or email DC Sonja Townsend at sonja.townsend@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/103378/21.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary at Mill Green Golf Club in Gypsy Lane, Welwyn Garden City.

Between 1.40am on Wednesday 23 December and 2am on Thursday 24 December, 36 golf buggy batteries were stolen from the club.

It is believed that three offenders, armed with a shopping trolley, initially gained access to the grounds between 1.40am and 2.15pm on the Wednesday.

Suspect 1 is described as a male aged no older than his thirties and around 5ft 6in to 5ft 7in tall. He was of a slim build, wearing a light coloured tracksuit including a grey hoody and black and white Nike Air Max trainers.

Suspect 2 is described as a man in his mid twenties to thirties, 5ft 10in to 5ft 11in tall and of a stocky build. He was wearing light coloured hoody, light coloured shorts or ¾ length trousers and white trainers.

Suspect 3 is described as being in his twenties or thirties, around 6ft tall and of a stocky build. He was wearing a dark coloured hoody, light coloured tracksuit bottoms, dark coloured trainers and dark coloured gloves.

Suspects 1 and 2 are believed to have returned to the golf club between 12.50am and 2am on the Thursday.

Detective Constable Sonja Townsend, who is investigating, said: "I appreciate some time has passed since the offence but we've been carrying out extensive enquiries and we've now received permission from the victims for a public appeal.

"Were you in the area and saw what happened? Did you see something that seemed suspicious? Or perhaps you've been offered the batteries for sale?

"If you think you can help, please get in touch by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email Detective Constable Sonja Townsend quoting crime reference 41/103378/21."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Welwyn/Hatfield echo and tell us your thoughts.
