```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Bars and clubs in towns across East Herts are to receive metal detecting wands in an attempt to crack down on people carrying weapons whilst on a night out.
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2018
title: Metal detecting wands for venues in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/metal-detecting-wands-for-venues-in-east-herts-1793A
```

* ### Police and partner agencies crack down on those who carry knives in the town.

 * ### Knife wands to be provided to venues in East Herts.

 * ### PCC helps funds this new initiative.

Bars and clubs in towns across East Herts are to receive metal detecting wands in an attempt to crack down on people carrying weapons whilst on a night out.

Thanks to funding from the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, the East Herts Community Safety Partnership will be providing selected venues with the specialist equipment, free of charge. The wands will enable door staff to search customers in order to help identify anyone who may be carrying a knife.

Chief Inspector for East Herts, Stuart Orton said: "We have a strong partnership with East Herts Council and we work closely with our licensed premises to reduce the level of violent crime related to the night time economy.

"The introduction of these wands will also support our ongoing work to tackle knife crime. We are grateful for the support the community and we will continue to work towards removing knives and other dangerous weapons from our streets, and bringing to justice those responsible for carrying and using them."

Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd added: "We all know the devastating effects that weapons can inflict on communities. There should be no tolerance when it comes to people carrying weapons and I am pleased that funding from my community safety grant has been used in this way to ensure public safety.

Officers from East Herts will also be running extra operations targeting knife crime during the national week of action starting today (Tuesday September 18), when Hertfordshire Constabulary will be joining police forces across the country by taking part in Operation Sceptre, a national knife amnesty. During the week members of the public will be able to surrender any unwanted knives to the police anonymously and without fear of prosecution for possession of these items.

 The amnesty also provides an opportunity to educate young people about the dangers of carrying a knife, give crime prevention advice and raise awareness amongst local businesses that selling certain knives to anyone under 18 is illegal. As part of a wider campaign officers will be carrying out knife detection operations, test purchasing at knife retailers and visiting schools to deliver talks on the dangers of carrying a knife.

Whilst Hertfordshire does not have high levels of serious violence, the constabulary is not complacent to the risk of this crime, especially amongst young people.

During the amnesty any knives in your possession, that you do not want or should not have, can be surrendered at one of the following police stations: **Hatfield** , **Stevenage** or **Watford.** Items can be surrendered anonymously during the amnesty in the knife bins provided. The locations and opening times of these stations can be found here.
