```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Van drivers in Tring are being urged to review the security of their vehicles following a spate of power tool thefts in the area.
publish:
  date: 5 Sep 2018
title: Drivers in Tring urged to review van security
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tring-drivers-urged-to-review-van-security1734d
```

* ### Police have received eight reports of tools being stolen from vans since August 30.

 * ### Anyone with possible CCTV footage of the offences is being asked to get in touch with police.

 * ### A free tool marking event will be held to help people keep their property more secure.

Van drivers in Tring are being urged to review the security of their vehicles following a spate of power tool thefts in the area.

Since Thursday, August 30, eight offences have been reported to police, with vehicles targeted in the following locations:

 * Friars Walk (between 3pm on August 30 and 8.25am on August 31)
 * Queen Street (between 10pm on August 30 and 1am on August 31)
 * Drummond Ride (between 4pm on August 30 and 9am on August 31)
 * Faversham Close (between 6.30pm on August 30 and 1.15pm on August 31)
 * Miswell Lane (between 11.30pm on August 30 and 8am on August 31)
 * Trooper Road, Aldbury (between 11pm and 11.25pm on September 3)
 * Stoney Croft, Aldbury (between 9pm on September 3 and 7.20am on September 4)
 * Puttenham (between 12.30am and 8am on August 30)

PCSO Lauren Jackson said: "We are urging drivers to review the security of their vehicles to help prevent them being targeted by opportunist thieves. Our advice would always be to remove all tools and valuables from vehicles when leaving them unattended. If this isn't possible, you should consider installing a good quality tool safe.

"We have increased our patrols and would ask people living in the areas affected, who have CCTV cameras, to check their footage for any suspicious activity."

In response, local Safer Neighbourhood Team officers will be holding a free tool marking event at Tring police station on Saturday, September 15 (10am - 2pm).

PCSO Tommy Walters said: "Marking items in this way makes them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell on. It also means that, if items are ever lost or stolen and subsequently recovered, they can be more easily reunited with their rightful owner. We will also be offering other crime prevention advice so please do pop along on the day."

Anyone with information about the thefts is asked to contact the Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team via the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
