```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans have released two images of jewellery that was stolen.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2018
title: "Images released of jewellery stolen in burglary \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Images-released-of-jewellery-stolen-in-burglary-StAlbans-0250F
```

* ## Images of jewellery stolen from a house in Linden Crescent, St Albans, have been released by police.

 * ## It happened between 8am and 3.45pm on Wednesday, May 9.

 * ## If you have seen the items pictured, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call 101 quoting F1/18/2121.

Officers investigating a burglary in St Albans have released two images of jewellery that was stolen.

It happened in Linden Crescent between 8am and 3.45pm on Wednesday, May 9.

Offender(s) climbed over the property's rear fence and smashed a window before searching inside.

They stole a Bluetooth computer mouse, a HTC mobile phone, an Acer laptop, an iPad Air, an Xbox One, a number of Xbox games, several wireless Xbox controllers, Skull Candy headphones, an iPad Mini, an Amazon Fire tablet, a radio controlled helicopter and various items of jewellery, including the necklace and bracelet pictured.

Detective Constable Ayodeji Afolabi, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "These items of jewellery hold huge sentimental value to the victims and I am doing all I can to trace those responsible for taking them.

"I am asking the public if they have been offered items for sale like the ones pictured, or if they have seen them for sale in a pawn or antique shop, or on social media selling pages?

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number F1/18/2121.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Images released of jewellery stolen in burglary
