```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Hemel Hempstead which also involved an arson.
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following burglary and arson in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-and-arson-in-hemel-hempstead-0489
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Hemel Hempstead which also involved an arson.

Police were called by the fire and rescue service at 10.04pm on Friday 12 July to assist with a fire at a house in Barley Croft.

The house was unoccupied at the time and upon arrival, the emergency services found that a window had been smashed.

An untidy search had also been carried out.

It is believed entry was gained to the house between 4.20pm and 10pm.

Detective Constable Katie Stevens, who is investigating, said: "The fire is being treated as arson and while thankfully no one was injured, the consequences could have been fatal.

"I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and might have seen suspicious activity or seen the burglary take place, to get in touch.

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation. If you can help please call the non-emergency number 101, or email me at _katherine.stevens@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/63498/19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
