```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following two incidents of arson in Letchworth Town Centre this week.
publish:
  date: 3 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following two arsons in Letchworth Town Centre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-two-arsons-in-Letchworth-Town-Centre
```

* ### Officers appealing for infromation following two arson incidents in Letchworth town centre.

 * ### In both incidents fires were deliberately started in bins.

 * ### The crimes are being linked and anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Officers are appealing for information following two incidents of arson in Letchworth Town Centre this week.

At approximately 6pm on Monday (January 1) a fire was started deliberately in a bin at the rear of Carpets Direct in Leys Avenue.

Damage was caused to the bin and two teenage boys were seen running away. They are described as white and aged 16 to 17 years old. One was said to be wearing a bright blue hooded top and baseball cap and the second boy was wearing a dark tracksuit with a hood. (Crime reference G2/18/14).

The following day (Tuesday, January 2) at approximately 6pm a fire was deliberately started in a bin at the rear of Star Express in Leys Avenue. Damage was caused to the bin and the fire service attended. (Crime reference G2/18/15).

Sergeant Alan Clarke from the Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "I am treating these as linked offences. This type of mindless, wanton vandalism not only causes financial loss and inconvenience to the victims but also has the potential to result in the loss of life, should the fire take hold and spread.

"What are clearly deliberate acts can have unthinkable consequences. It causes wasteful deployment of already stretched emergency services and will not be tolerated. Police are exploring all lines of enquiry and are calling for anybody with information to contact them as a matter of urgency."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Letchworth and Baldock Safer Neighbourhood Team on the non-emergency number 101, quoting the crime reference number above. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
