```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers in London Colney have issued seven \xA3200 fixed penalty notices following a car meet that breached the current coronavirus lockdown regulations."
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2021
title: Seven fines issued following car meet in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/seven-fines-issued-following-car-meet-in-london-colney-1153
```

* ### Officers in London Colney have issued multiple fixed penalty notices following a car meet that breached the current coronavirus lockdown regulations.

 * ### Last Monday police were called to reports of a large number of vehicles gathered at Colney Fields retail park.

 * ### Officers attended and spoke to a number of drivers, issuing seven £200 fixed penalty notices.

Officers in London Colney have issued seven £200 fixed penalty notices following a car meet that breached the current coronavirus lockdown regulations.

Last Monday 25 January, at around 10.25pm, police were called to reports of a large number of vehicles gathered at Colney Fields retail park.

Officers attended and spoke to a number of drivers, issuing seven £200 fixed penalty notices.

PC Steve Whittaker, of the London Colney Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "When you ignore the current restrictions to meet up with people, even if you believe you are socially distanced as you are in separate cars, you are still breaching the current regulations.

"Every time you make a non-essential journey, especially when you do so when the road conditions are dangerous as they were on this day due to the cold weather, you risk being involved in an incident that could put further strain on emergency services and the NHS.

"Please be sensible and follow the rules. The instructions really couldn't be any clearer: stay at home, protect the NHS, and save lives."

For further information on the current restrictions, you can visit the Government website.

Officers continue to be out in communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly and follow coronavirus rules. Enforcement action will be taken if necessary. The constabulary has targeted patrols in high footfall areas and is working with local authorities, licensing authorities and businesses to ensure the rules are being followed, identifying hotspot areas where necessary.

You should only leave home or travel for one of the permitted reasons set out in the 'stay at home' instruction. Exercise should be local and limited to once a day locally.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
