```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses after a recent spate of criminal damages in Harpenden which has resulted in 24 vehicles being damaged.
publish:
  date: 10 Jan 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses after vehicles damaged in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-witnesses-after-vehicles-damaged-in-Harpenden-1437F
```

* ### 24 cars damaged in Harpenden last week.

 * ### Officers investigating who was responsible.

 * ### Contact the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team with information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses after a recent spate of criminal damages in Harpenden which has resulted in 24 vehicles being damaged.

The offences occurred between Sunday, December 31 and Wednesday, January 3 in the Southdown area. Twenty-four vehicles were damaged which included tyres slashed, body work scratched and in some cases lights smashed and a soft-top ripped.
The roads affected are Southdown Road, Gorselands, Queens Road, St John`s Court, St John's Road and Station Road. The majority of offences occurred overnight between 11pm on January 1 and 6am on January 2.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Harpenden, Chris Thomas said: "We are investigating the motive for these damages and are conducting a number of enquiries to identify who was responsible.

"I would ask anyone who may have witnessed someone acting suspiciously or causing damage to a vehicle in these areas, or who may have information which could assist the investigation, to contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team via email or through calling the Herts Police non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
