```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with a number of offences including thefts from vehicles in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2018
title: "Man charged and tools recovered following thefts from vehicles \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-and-tools-recovered-following-thefts-from-vehicles-hatfield-1908
```

* ### Man charged in connection with theft from vehicles and other offences in Hatfield

 * ### William Faulkner, aged 31, of Chatham in Kent, has been remanded ahead of his next appearance at court on October 23

 * ### A 25-year-old woman from Welwyn Garden City has also been arrested on suspicion of theft and released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A man has been charged with a number of offences including thefts from vehicles in Hatfield.

William Faulkner, aged 31, of Luton Road, Chatham, Kent, has been charged with:

 * Theft from a motor vehicle x 2
 * Going equipped for theft
 * Driving while disqualified
 * Using a vehicle without insurance

This is in connection with two thefts from vehicles in the Hatfield area. The first offence was in Goldings Crescent, Hatfield, between September 28 and October 1. A white Ford Transit van was broken into and construction tools were taken.

The second offence was in the car park of the Tesco store in Oldings Corner, Hatfield, between 10.30am and 11am on Wednesday, October 3. A white Ford Transit van was broken into and construction tools, including a toolbox and an electric drill, were taken.

He is currently remanded ahead of his next appearance at St Albans Magistrates' Court on October 23.

A 25-year-old woman from Welwyn Garden City has also been arrested on suspicion of theft and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Detective Sergeant Dean Trollope, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "As part of the investigation, a number of tools have been recovered that do not match any current crime reports.

"Some of them have initials or what we think are first/last names on them, so if these are yours, please get in touch with me by emailing _dean.trollope@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , calling the non-emergency number 101 or reporting information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report, quoting reference 41/41859/18."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
