```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing to trace a suspected stolen moped believed to have been used during an alleged GBH that happened in Long Elms, Abbots Langley on Sunday, February 10.
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2019
title: Appeal to trace suspected stolen moped
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-suspected-stolen-moped-2686C
```

* ### The moped is believed to have been used during an alleged GBH in Abbots Langley on Sunday, February 10.

 * ### It may have been discarded in a canal or river in the Abbots Langley, Kings Langley, Garston or Cassiobury areas.

 * ### If you have seen it, contact DC Steve Mason on 101 or through email at steve.mason@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers are appealing to trace a suspected stolen moped believed to have been used during an alleged GBH that happened in Long Elms, Abbots Langley on Sunday, February 10.

Officers have received information that the moped may have been discarded in a canal or river in the Abbots Langley, Kings Langley, Garston or Cassiobury areas.

Detective Constable Steve Mason, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We are keen to trace this moped as part of our enquiries. We will be following up all leads, but if you believe you have come across it, please get in touch via 101 or through email."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * Che Ambe, aged 21 of Caractacus Cottage View, Watford, has been charged with GBH. He appeared at Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, February 12, and was remanded in custody until Monday, March 18.
 * A 17 year old boy from Watford who was arrested on suspicion of GBH was released with no further action. ** **
