```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a road traffic collision where a man has sadly died are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 May 2018
title: Appeal following fatal collision in Redbourn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-Redbourn
```

* ### At around 9.50pm on Saturday (May 12) two vehicles were involved in a collision in St Albans Road, Redbourn.

 * ### Sadly the driver of a grey Honda Civic died at the scene while the passenger remains critically ill in hospital.

 * ### Two men travelling in a black Mercedes suffered serious injuries.

 * ### Two people have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

 * ### Anyone who saw the collision or either vehicle shortly before the incident is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a road traffic collision where a man has sadly died are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 9.50pm yesterday (Saturday) a grey Honda Civic and black Mercedes E220 were involved in a collision on St Albans Road in Redbourn.

The driver of the Honda Civic - a man aged in his 30s - died at the scene while the passenger - a woman aged in her 50s - suffered serious injuries. She remains in hospital in a critical condition.

Two men aged in their 20s who were travelling in the Mercedes suffered serious injuries and remain in hospital at this time. They have both been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Sergeant Sam Cordingley from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are working to establish the exact circumstances surrounding this collision. As part of this I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision or saw either vehicle shortly before the time of the incident to get in touch.

"In particular I would like to speak to the driver of a car who we believed stopped at the scene but has not yet spoken to officers. You may have key information that could help this investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 798 of May 12 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

** **
