```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Wheathampstead.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2020
title: Witness appeal following an assault in Wheathampstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-an-assault-in-wheathampstead-0228
```

* ### An assault which took place at Marford Playing Fields, Wheathampstead is being investigated.

 * ### The incident took place between 7pm and 8pm on Wednesday 10 June.

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/45827/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Wheathampstead.

The incident took place at Marford Playing Fields between 7pm and 8pm on Wednesday 10 June.

A man was sat on a bench in an isolated area when a woman he did not know approached him. She allegedly threatened the man, spat at him and hit him in the face. No injury was sustained.

The woman is described as white, in her 30s, and of medium height with curly brown shoulder length hair. She was wearing black trousers and a black jacket.

PC Alex Olteanu, of the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was an upsetting incident for the man involved and I'd like to speak to the woman concerned.

"Were you in or around the playing fields at the time of this incident? Did you see what happened? Or do you know the woman involved? If so please contact me directly via email at alex.olteanu@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/45827/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
