```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CWe have a zero tolerance approach to dealing with drugs in the St Albans district and with your help, we can proactively tackle the supply of illegal drugs and take them off the streets,\u201D said St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates."
publish:
  date: 20 Mar 2019
title: Recreational drug users will also be targeted in St Albans drug crack down
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recreational-drug-users-will-also-be-targeted-in-stalbans-drug-crack-down-2773f
```

* ### We target known drug dealers, carry out drugs warrants and make arrests.

 * ### We need the public's help to let us know about any suspected drug dealing in the St Albans district.

 * ### Recreational drugs users will also be targeted to help stop drug dealing.

"We have a zero tolerance approach to dealing with drugs in the St Albans district and with your help, we can proactively tackle the supply of illegal drugs and take them off the streets," said St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates.

She continued: "St Albans district is a safe place to live and work but unfortunately, it does attract drug dealers. We cannot possibly be in every street 24/7, but we do have information about a number of criminals, who we regularly target, we carry out drugs warrants and make arrests. If you are involved in the supply of drugs, don't sleep easy as it's only a matter of time before we knock - or take out - your door.

"We need the public's help to let us know about any suspected drug dealing - for example where there are frequent callers at an address at all times of the day or night, but we also want to reach the recreational cocaine users. Everyone involved in drugs is contributing to the exploitation of vulnerable people, including children. County Lines* gangs recruit children to deal their drugs and sometimes develop controlling relationships with them that includes violence or child sexual exploitation. These gangs also take over homes belonging to vulnerable people to develop a drug dealing base. If you have been approached in these circumstances, please come and speak to us in confidence.

"Sadly, some professional people mainly aged in their 20s and 30s will recreationally use cocaine. Whilst they may think they are not doing any harm, they are contributing to the problem and make no mistake, it is illegal and causing wider issues across society as we manage the impact of those local vulnerable people who are being targeted by criminal gangs."

"Are you a parent? Are you a teacher? Are you a youth worker? Do you work with young people? Are you seeing a difference in their behaviour? Are you noticing that they are wearing new clothes, or have new gadgets that cannot be accounted for? We need your help to protect them from being exploited and educate them about the devastating consequences of drug addiction. For those who need the help of support services, we will work with our partner agencies to help them longer-term to break the cycle. This is turn, will help reduce crime as drugs users often commit crime to fuel their habits, including burglary, theft from motor vehicles and shoplifting."

You can report information online _, call the non-emergency number **101** or if you'd like to remain completely anonymous call Crimestoppers **on**_ **0800 555 111** or submit details via their untraceable online form.

* **What is County Lines?**

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.

** **
