```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have identified a suspect in connection with a racially aggravated incident which happened in St Albans on Sunday 4 August.
publish:
  date: 7 Aug 2019
title: Racially aggravated incident in St Albans witness appeal ongoing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Racially-aggravated-incident-in-St-Albans-witness-appeal-ongoing
```

* ### Suspect identified by officers investigating hate crime incident in St Albans

 * ### Police appealing for information and witnesses

 * ### Please call 101, quoting crime reference 41/70651/19

Police have identified a suspect in connection with a racially aggravated incident which happened in St Albans on Sunday 4 August.

Officers investigating an incident in St Peters Street on Sunday afternoon, have thanked people for coming forward with information following appeals.

A 30 year old man was sat outside a coffee shop with family on Sunday afternoon and was racially abused after challenging a male who had shoved his nephew's pram, while the child was in it. The suspect then kicked an advertising board at the victim before walking away, still using racially abusive language.

PC Dawn Rust, from St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Team, who is investigating, thanked people who had already contacted police with information. She said: "We are still keen to speak to witnesses who may have seen what happened. We take hate crime very seriously and will always investigate reports.

"We know hate crime has a huge impact on victims and the community and I'd urge victims to report it to police so we can take appropriate action."

Any witnesses, or anyone with information, is asked to email PC Dawn Rust on _dawn.rust@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/70651/19.

You can make reports to the police via the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/hertsagainsthate
