```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a racially aggravated incident in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2018
title: "Appeal following racially aggravated incident \u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-racially-aggravated-incident-WelwynGardenCity-1511B
```

* ### A couple in their 60s were verbally abused and had eggs thrown at them from a car in Ridgeway, Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### It happened between 10pm and 10.10pm on Wednesday, January 10.

 * ### Police are keen to speak to a man of Asian appearance who was nearby at the time and may have witnessed what happened.

Officers investigating a racially aggravated incident in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Ridgeway between 10pm and 10.10pm on Wednesday, January 10.

The victims, a couple in their 60s, were walking along the pavement when a silver Toyota saloon pulled up alongside them.

Two of the vehicle's windows were opened before occupants threw eggs at the couple and then drove off.

The couple began to make their way home but on the journey, they saw the same car again - this time at the junction with Heronswood Road.

This time, the occupants shouted racial abuse at the couple before again driving away.

There were four people in the car, two men and two women, all estimated to be in their twenties.

PC Abi Wilkins, who is investigating, said: "This was an unprovoked attack on a couple who were innocently going about their daily business. Thankfully they were not injured but the incident has left them feeling uneasy about leaving the house again.

"We are doing everything we can to trace those responsible for this crime, and in particular are keen to trace a male of Asian appearance who was nearby when the couple were racially abused. He may have vital information that could help our investigation."

If you witnessed what happened or have any information that may assist the investigation, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B1/18/268, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Appeal following racially aggravated incident
