```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team and schoolchildren in Hatfield have recently teamed up and completed a litter pick together.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2019
title: Police and schoolchildren team up for Hatfield litter pick
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-and-schoolchildren-team-up-for-hatfield-litter-pick
```

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team and schoolchildren in Hatfield have recently teamed up and completed a litter pick together.

The Year Five schoolchildren at Birchwood Avenue Primary School have been taking part in a Mini Police programme run by PC Adam Haines and PCSO Deborah Rogers.

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events. The programme, which is countywide, aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

As part of the scheme, the children at Birchwood Avenue have created posters that are displayed on the school gates, urging the public not to drop any litter.

On Thursday, March 28, they took part in a litter pick in the local area.

PC Adam Haines said: "The children have been really enthusiastic about the Mini Police scheme and the litter pick was very successful. We've even been contacted by local residents who have noticed the difference that their work has made and have praised the children for their fantastic and eye-catching posters.

"I'd like to say a big well done to the children as the local area is looking much tidier thanks to their hard work."
