```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced for using a bank card that had been stolen from a parked car in Markyate.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2019
title: Man sentenced for using stolen bank card
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-using-stolen-bank-card-2738d
```

* ### Man sentenced for using a stolen bank card to pay for tobacco.

 * ### Robert Rowe also stole food from the Co-op store in Tring.

 * ### The bank card was contained in a wallet that was stolen from a parked car in Markyate.

 * ### Rowe was also charged with going equipped to interfere with motor vehicles in Redbourn.

A man has been sentenced for using a bank card that had been stolen from a parked car in Markyate.

Robert Rowe, aged 37, of Hereford Way, Aylesbury, used the card at the Co-op store in Silk Mill Way, Tring, to pay for tobacco on the morning of January 28.

The bank card had been taken from a wallet that had been stolen from a parked car in Manse Court, Markyate, at around 3.15am on the same day. An offender was captured on doorbell cameras in the area trying vehicle door handles.

Rowe went to the Co-op store and used the contactless bank card to purchase tobacco. On the same morning he re-entered the store and selected food items from the shelves before leaving without paying for them. The offences were caught on the store's CCTV.

At Hatfield Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, March 6 Rowe pleaded guilty to fraud, which relates to using the bank card to pay for tobacco, theft of food items from the store and a further charge of going equipped to interfere with motor vehicles. This charge relates to an offence in the early hours of January 17 in Flamsteadbury Lane, Redbourn. Rowe was arrested by officers there after residents saw him looking through car windows. He was found to be carrying a torch and screwdriver.

Rowe was sentenced to 16 weeks in prison suspended for 12 months.

PC Brian Evans said: "If Rowe commits any further offences during his 12 month suspended sentence he risks being sent to prison for these offences and also being dealt with for any further offending.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to remind motorists to ensure they remove all valuables from their vehicle when leaving it parked. Even something as insignificant as small change could be attractive to thieves and result in you becoming a victim of crime.

"Please also ensure that you leave your vehicle properly secure and double check that the doors are locked by lifting the door handles rather than just relying on your key fob."

**Further advice about protecting your vehicle can be found on our website under the 'Advice' section. **

** **
