```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and urging allotment owners to remain vigilant and secure their sheds and outbuildings after a recent spate of break-ins.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2018
title: Police urge people to be vigilant after allotment break-ins in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-urge-people-to-be-vigilant-after-allotment-break-ins-in-Letchworth-1422
```

* ### Letchworth has experienced a recent spate of allotment thefts

 * ### The public is asked to be vigilant when using their allotments and report suspicious behaviour to the police

 * ### The are crime prevention steps you can take to keep your sheds and allotments secure

Police are appealing for information and urging allotment owners to remain vigilant and secure their sheds and outbuildings after a recent spate of break-ins.

The crimes began towards the end of last year at the allotments on Icknield Way in Letchworth.

 The first incident happened between Saturday, November 11 and Sunday, November 19, when offenders forced their way into a locked shed. They then stole a hose, a shovel and a wheel barrow before running off in an unknown direction.

 The next incident happened between Saturday, November 18 and Saturday, December 2 when offenders forced their way into a locked shed before leaving the scene. Nothing was stolen from within.

 The final incident happened between Saturday, December 2 and Tuesday, December 19 when offenders forced their way into another locked shed. Nothing was stolen from within the shed, but a sign which had been hanging outside it was taken. The offender then left the scene.

 The sheds were left insecure after the incidents.

**Investigating officer, PC Caroline Fathers from Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team said** : "We are becoming concerned about the recent spate of thefts and break-ins to the allotments on Icknield Way.

 "I would urge anyone who tends to these allotments regularly to keep an eye out for any suspicious behaviour and to report anything that seems untoward to us via the police non-emergency number 101. If you see a crime in progress please dial 999.

 "I'd also like to speak to anyone who has witnessed someone acting suspiciously in the area, or if anyone has an idea of who could be responsible for the most recent offences, please get in touch."

 Crime can also be reported online at www.herts.police.uk/report. Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**Caroline added:** "I would also urge people to consider the following crime prevention advice to secure their sheds and when tending to their allotments:

 * Make sure external lighting covers your garage or shed
 * Secure windows internally with steel mesh or bars
 * Strengthen the door
 * Fit coach bolts to external door hinges
 * Use a quality padlock or additional locks
 * Try to store valuables such as bikes in a secure garage rather than a shed
 * Where possible, store high value items in the house rather than a garage or shed
 * Property mark valuable items with a UV pen
 * Insure and photograph valuable items
 * Chain and Padlock valuables together and secure them to an anchor point"
 * Register your valuable items with www.immobilise.com It is free of charge, quick and easy to do and helps police to identify and return your property and catch criminals. __ __ __ __
 * **_Security mark your tools and gardening equipment_** If you cannot make the event but would like to get your tools marked, please contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team on 01707 354192 or email SNTLetchworthandBaldockTown@Herts.pnn.police.uk Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team is holding a tool marking event outside Screwfix in Letchworth on Thursday, January 11 between 10am and 2pm. The Team now has equipment which allows them to engrave tools or gardening equipment free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves. Officers will also be able to mark possessions with bright coloured paint or ultraviolet paint.
