```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following alleged assault in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-alleged-assault-in-Waltham-Cross-0120K
```

* ### An altercation involving a large group of people occurred outside The Moon and Cross pub in Waltham Cross.

 * ### During the incident a man, aged in his 30s, was allegedly knocked unconscious.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

 * ### A 27 year old man from Waltham Cross has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives investigating an alleged assault in Waltham Cross are appealing for information and witnesses.

At 11.50pm on Friday (April 20), an altercation involving a large group of people occurred outside The Moon and Cross pub in High Street where a man, aged in his 30s, was allegedly knocked unconscious.

Detective Constable Claire Sprent, who is investigating, said: "There were a number of people present when this incident is alleged to have occurred and I'm appealing for anyone who was there and has not yet spoken to police to please get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with information that could assist the police investigation is asked to contact DC Sprent by emailing, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/18/1887 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 27 year old man from Waltham Cross was arrested in connection with the incident and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
