```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where a child was threatened in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2017
title: "Appeal after child is threatened\u2013 Welwyn Garden City"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-child-is-threatened\u2013WelwynGardenCity-1085B"
```

### __

 * ### Man threatened boy, 10, with spanner and pen knife in The Wade, Welwyn Garden City

 * ### Victim and offender are known to each other and boy was not injured

 * ### This is being linked to a second incident where another 10-year-old boy was verbally abused in The Commons

Officers investigating an incident where a child was threatened in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident happened in The Wade between 4pm and 5pm on Thursday, October 5.

The victim, a 10 year old boy, was in the street when a man exited one of the properties and began verbally abusing him.

He had a spanner and a pen knife in his hand. The victim began walking away but the offender followed him down the street in the direction of Coopers Grill House before he went back to his property.

PC Abi Wilkins, who is investigating, said: "This was understandably a frightening incident for the victim, who thankfully was not harmed. We have reason to believe the offender and the victim are known to each other so I would like to reassure the community that we are not treating this as a random incident.

"However, we are appealing to the residents of The Wade who may have witnessed the incident and have not yet spoken to us to please come forward. Do you have home CCTV installed on your property? Does it cover the pavement? If so we would be keen to view any footage you can provide."

Officers are linking this to a further incident on The Commons between 3.10pm and 3.15pm on Thursday, October 19.

The victim, also a 10 year old boy, was walking along the pavement when he was approached by a woman who verbally abused him.

She then got into a vehicle before driving alongside the victim and making an offensive hand gesture before driving off.

PC Wilkins said: "This woman's behaviour caused the child alarm and distress, and we are keen to speak to anyone who may have witnessed the incident. We again believe the victim and the offender are known to each other. The incident happened at the end of the school day so the area is likely to have been busy with parents collecting their children."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B1/17/4026 or B1/17/4245, or report information online

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **

** **

** **

** **
