```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for information following an indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 26 Apr 2019
title: "Indecent exposure in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/indecent-exposure-in-bishops-stortford-0127a
```

* ### The incident occurred in Church Lane on April 17.

 * ### A naked man emerged from the bushes wearing a white mask.

 * ### Police are asking anyone with information to come forward.

Police are appealing for information following an indecent exposure in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred near St James Church, in Church Lane, at around 8.10pm on Wednesday, April 17.

A man emerged from the bushes and stood in front of a woman, who was out walking a dog with two other females. He was naked but wearing a full-face, white mask.

He looked at the woman before going back into the bushes.

The suspect is described as being white, of medium build and aged between 30 and 40.

PC James Marshall said: "Understandably this was quite a distressing incident and we are keen to trace the suspect as soon as possible.

"We are aware that similar incidents were reported to police locally towards the end of last year and we are keeping an open mind as to whether they are linked.

"If you have any information which may assist our investigation please get in contact with police straightaway."

Anyone with information should contact PC James Marshall via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/34990/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
