```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 80 vehicles were stopped by police in Three Rivers during a two-day cross-border ANPR operation targeting acquisitive crime.
publish:
  date: 14 Sep 2020
title: More than 80 vehicles stopped by police during cross-border ANPR operation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/More-than-80-vehicles-stopped-by-police-during-cross-border-anpr-operation-0602
```

* ### More than 80 vehicles were stopped by police in Three Rivers during a two-day cross-border operation

 * ### Two arrests were made as well as vehicles seized and drivers reported for various offences

 * ### Officers worked in partnership with Thames Valley Police colleagues to target the Junction 17 and 18 corridor of the M25

More than 80 vehicles were stopped by police in Three Rivers during a two-day cross-border ANPR operation targeting acquisitive crime.

Officers from the Three Rivers Operation Scorpion and intervention teams joined forces with colleagues from Thames Valley Police to proactively patrol the busy M25 corridor between junctions 17 and 18.

This is the fifth time the two police forces have worked in conjunction, using both marked and unmarked police vehicles alongside ANPR technology on the main arterial routes crossing between Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire.

Over the two-day operation (Wednesday 19 August and Thursday 20 August) they stopped numerous vehicles, speaking to the drivers and other occupants to determine the nature of their journeys.

A 28 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and possession of class B drugs (cannabis) after a vehicle was stopped on Chorleywood Road. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 37 year old man from Watford, who was wanted by police, was arrested on suspicion of threats to cause damage, shoplifting and theft of a motor vehicle. He has been remanded into custody.

The operation also resulted in two vehicles being seized for having no insurance, two drivers reported for driving without a licence, 17 stop searches carried out, one Community Resolution Order issued for possession of cannabis, one driver reported for having tyres under the required tread depth, multiple intelligence forms submitted and the recovery of a previously stolen digger.

Officers stopped a vehicle in Stockers Farm Road in Rickmansworth and checks were made on the digger it was towing. After further investigation, it was ascertained that the machine had been previously stolen from France five years ago. Officers confirmed that the person towing the digger had purchased it in good faith, not realising it had been stolen. The machine was seized and enquiries are ongoing to reunite it with its rightful owner.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Adam Such said: "These operations are an excellent example of how vital partnership working is to the police service. They are resource-intensive but nine times out of ten, produce significant results as part of our ongoing work to disrupt criminality in Hertfordshire.

"Don't be fooled - every day across the county, our Operation Scorpion teams use their proactive stop and search powers in order to catch criminals and keep the public safe. Just because you don't see them, it doesn't mean they aren't there.

"It's no secret that criminals use our road networks to travel from county to county, but these regular operations show how seriously we take this type of offending in Hertfordshire."
