```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested after officers witnessed a suspected drug deal in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2020
title: Man arrested and drugs seized in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-and-drugs-seized-in-hatfield-1468b
```

* ## A 24 year old man from Hatfield was arrested after officers witnessed a suspected drug deal in Aviation Avenue.

 * ## Officers seized a large amount of cannabis, a baton and over £500 worth of cash.

 * ## Anyone with information about drug dealing in Welwyn Hatfield is urged to contact the police.

A man has been arrested after officers witnessed a suspected drug deal in Hatfield.

On Monday 10 February, officers from Operation Scorpion spotted a suspected deal in Aviation Avenue. Operation Scorpion is a team of officers who are tasked with tackling acquisitive crime such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences.

The team attempted to detain a man which led to a lengthy foot chase through the local area. This culminated in Cunningham Avenue where the man, age 24 and from Hatfield, was arrested on suspicion of possession of class B drugs with intent to supply and obstructing police.

A search of his property led to the team seizing a large amount of cannabis alongside a baton and over £500 worth of cash. Subsequently, the man was further arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon.

He has been released on bail until Monday 9 March.

PC Angela Wilcox, from Operation Scorpion, said: "I am pleased to say that over £8,000 worth of cannabis is now off the streets of Welwyn Hatfield.

"The drugs trade preys on vulnerable people and it often goes hand-in-hand with other types of crime. We understand the misery it causes to the local community and that's why we do all we can to tackle it.

"If you suspect drug use or drug dealing in Welwyn Hatfield, please don't hesitate to let us know. The more information we have, the more we can take action."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.
