```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A Watford resident has been handed a \xA310,000 coronavirus fine after organising a party with more than 30 guests."
publish:
  date: 17 Mar 2021
title: "Repeat lockdown party host handed \xA310k COVID-19 fine in Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/repeat-lockdown-party-host-handed-10k-covid-19-fine-in-watford-1271
```

* ## Man fined £10,000 for second lockdown party

 * ## More than 30 people fled the address when police arrived

 * ## Lockdown rules still in place, please keep it up

A Watford resident has been handed a £10,000 coronavirus fine after organising a party with more than 30 guests.

Police had already issued a £200 fixed penalty notice to the householder, a man in his late 20s, for breaching COVID-19 rules and having a New Year's Eve party.

Officers received a call at around 12.30am on Saturday 6 March alerting them to an unlawful get-together at a property on Vicarage Road with loud music and a large number of people gathered.

As officers arrived they could hear loud music and saw more than 30 people flee the address.

Chief Inspector Ian Grout said: "Everyone is aware of the key dates on the roadmap and we're all looking forward to the day when we can spend time with friends and family.

"In this incident, the occupier had previously been fined for having a party and was well-aware of the lockdown rules, as my officers had explained them when they issued a fine at the start of the year. To go on and have another event, this time with more than 30 people partying in close proximity, is a risk to their own health and to wider public health so it is right and proper that officers issue the £10,000 fixed penalty notice on this occasion."

He added: "The vast majority of people are doing the right thing and following the rules and we really are so close to lockdown restrictions being lifted that it is important to keep it up.

"We know it is so tough being separated from our friends and families, as we are all going through the same thing, but we urge you to do all you can to help combat this virus. If we pull together and see it through hopefully normal life isn't far away."

For further information on the current restrictions, you can visit the Government website (opens in new window).

Officers continue to be out in communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly and follow coronavirus rules. Enforcement action will be taken if necessary. The constabulary has targeted patrols in high footfall areas and is working with local authorities, licensing authorities and businesses to ensure the rules are being followed.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.

Please don't use echo to report an ongoing crime or incident. Remember: if you believe a crime is in progress or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
