```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is taking part in a national knife crime campaign, Operation Sceptre, which aims to rid the UK\u2019s streets of knives."
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2018
title: "Hertfordshire knife amnesty \u2013 Police now offer to collect as well"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-knife-amnesty-Police-now-offer-to-collect-as-well-1632
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary taking part in national knife amnesty

 * ### The amnesty will run until Sunday February 18

 * ### Call 101 to arrange a collection of a knife if you cannot attend Hatfield, Stevenage or Watford police stations to surrender a knife

Hertfordshire Constabulary is taking part in a national knife crime campaign, Operation Sceptre, which aims to rid the UK's streets of knives.

As part of the campaign a knife amnesty is running in Hertfordshire until Sunday, February 18. During the amnesty members of the public can surrender any unwanted knives to the police anonymously and without fear of prosecution for possession of these items. For those who are unable to get to a knife surrender bin ** _,_** a special collection service is available.

If you have a knife in your possession that you do not want or should not have, you can call 101 and arrange for an officer to collect the item from your home. Knives can also be surrendered anonymously at one of the following police stations: **Hatfield** , **Stevenage** or **Watford.** The locations and opening times of these stations can be found our our Police Stations page.

Chief Constable for Hertfordshire Charlie Hall said: "Whilst we have had very positive reactions to previous amnesties we want to make sure that we take the opportunity this time to collect as many knives and other potential weapons as possible.

"There has been a small increase in knife-related incidents in the county, over the last year and I want to make sure that we take as many knives off of our streets as possible. The amnesty also provides us with an opportunity to remind everyone that it's not acceptable to carry a knife in public. Knives do not make people safe, in fact you are more likely to be injured or arrested if you carry one."
