```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a suspicious incident in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2019
title: Did you see a man acting suspiciously in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-see-a-man-acting-suspiciously-in-watford-0636
```

* ### Officers are investigating a suspicious incident in Watford where a man was seen holding a gun

 * ### Four people have been arrested in connection with the incident in the town centre

 * ### If you saw any suspicious activity in the area, please contact police

Detectives investigating a suspicious incident in Watford are appealing for witnesses and information.

Just before 12.30am this morning (13 August), police received an anonymous call stating that a man had reportedly been seen holding a gun near to Pryzm night club in the town centre.

Officers immediately attended and detained four men before seizing a firearm and a vehicle.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We are working hard to unpick the circumstances around these events and I appreciate that news of this may be unsettling to the wider community, however at this stage we believe it was an isolated incident.

"Thanks to the person who bravely made the initial report, we were able to immediately locate the suspects and seize a weapon so I would like to thank them for their actions.

"However since then we have made several attempts to contact that person, but the number they provided us is no longer connecting.

"Unfortunately they terminated the call before the member of staff in the force communications room had chance to record any further detail.

"Therefore we are very keen to speak to them, or anyone else who may have seen a man acting suspiciously in the area around Gaumont Approach yesterday evening, as we believe they will have vital information that could assist our enquiries.

"I would also like to speak anyone else who believes they have details that could prove useful to our investigation to please get in touch as soon as possible."

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat here or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting **ISR 12 of 13 August.**

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

 * **Three 18 year old men and a 19 year old man, all from Watford, were arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm in connection with this incident. All four are currently in police custody.**
