```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to 18 years in prison after being found guilty of a string of historical sexual offences against a child under the age of 13.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2019
title: Man jailed for historical sex offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-historical-sex-offences-1024
```

* ### Harold Salt, aged 75, was found guilty of seven charges of indecent assault and one charge of rape

 * ### He committed multiple sexual assaults against his victim between 1997 and 2001

 * ### He appeared before St Albans Crown Court on 11 November and was given an 18 year sentence

A man has been sentenced to 18 years in prison after being found guilty of a string of historical sexual offences against a child under the age of 13.

Following a two-week trial at St Albans Crown Court, Harold Salt, aged 75, was found guilty on Monday (11 November) of seven charges of indecent assault and one count of rape.

The court heard how Salt committed multiple sexual assaults against his victim between 1997 and 2001.

Salt, of Shalcross Drive in Cheshunt, Waltham Cross, was sentenced on Wednesday (13 November).

Detective Constable Jason Tinsey, from the Constabulary's Joint Child Protection Investigation Team, said: "We always treat all reports of historical sexual offences seriously and will do everything we can to gather evidence and bring offenders to justice.

"This was a harrowing ordeal for the victim and I would like to commend them for their bravery in coming forward. I hope this sentence comes as some small comfort and brings a sense of closure.

"If you have been affected, there are a number of ways you can report it, no matter how long ago the offences occurred. Specialist officers are ready to provide help and support."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If you do not feel able to contact police, anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email _Herts.SARC@nhs.net_ or visit their website.
