```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has recently welcomed 14 new Special Constables into the force.
publish:
  date: 14 Apr 2020
title: 14 new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/14-new-special-constables-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-0030b
```

* ## The new recruits became fully warranted officers on Thursday 12 March.

 * ## They will be based in Broxbourne, East Herts, Stevenage, Three Rivers, Watford and Welwyn Hatfield.

 * ## For information on becoming a Special, visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has recently welcomed 14 new Special Constables into the force.

The new recruits became fully warranted officers at their Attestation Ceremony which took place at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday 12 March.

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

During 11 weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those who graduated are:

Broxbourne

• Jessica Mepham
• Kerry Chislett

East Herts

• Calum Fall
• Kieran Gunn
• James Lewington

Stevenage

• Tuhin Ali
• Kristina Page

Three Rivers

• Stephen Thomas

Watford

• Esa Kar
• Alexander Percival
• Stephanie Tate
• Sam Waller

Welwyn Hatfield

• Nicholas Harrison
• Paulina Tubacka

The new recruits work in a wide range of areas including construction, sales, leisure, engineering and fashion.

They were joined on the evening by Superintendent Richard Liversidge, Chief Inspector Stuart Orton and Justice of Peace Stephen Pam.

Over the next 12 months the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

Superintendent Richard Liversidge, who awarded the Specials with their certificates, said: "Our Special Constabulary play a vital role in policing Hertfordshire and they are a great boost to our policing numbers in light of current challenges. It was great meeting the new recruits and listening to their determination to help keep the residents of Hertfordshire safe. I hope they enjoy this exciting new role in their lives and I am sure that they will deliver a great service to the people of Hertfordshire."

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'register your interest' to receive an application form (please check your junk folder!) or browse the pages to find out more. You can also watch our video and read case studies from some of our officers.
