```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A property and bike marking event, which was held at Welwyn Garden City Police Station, Bridge Road on Saturday, January 6, was a great success.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2018
title: Welwyn Garden City cycle and property marking event was a success
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Welwyn-Garden-City-cycle-and-property-marking-event-was-a-success-1411
```

* ### 59 bikes were marked at the event

 * ### Security marking your bikes and property makes them less attractive to thieves

 * ### If you couldn't make the event but would like to get your property marked, please contact the Neighbourhood Team.

A property and bike marking event, which was held at Welwyn Garden City Police Station, Bridge Road on Saturday, January 6, was a great success.

The event was held between 9am and 2pm and saw Welwyn Hatfield North Safer Neighbourhood Team police officers and Police Community Support Officers (PSCOs) offering the public the chance to have their property or bicycles security marked.

During the event 59 bikes were security marked, as were two scooters, two electric bike batteries and a mobility scooter.

Six people also registered their property www.immobilise.com. All valuables can be registered on this site. It is free of charge, quick and easy to do and helps police to identify and return your property and catch criminals.

Eleven people also signed up to Neighbourhood Watch's OWL (Online Watch Link) System.

Neighbourhood Watch helps make communities more secure by encouraging members to look out for their neighbours; keep an eye on their homes while they are away and receiving and sharing crime prevention advice, to help keep themselves safe and homes and property protected. Neighbourhood Watch shares this information in Hertfordshire via OWL which keeps members informed of the latest crimes and scams in their area.

Members of the public can sign up to Neighbourhood Watch by visiting www.owl.co.uk or alternatively, contact the Watch Liaison Team wlo@herts.pnn.police.uk

**Safer Neighbourhood Team David Stansbury, said:** "We were really pleased with the amount of people who attended on the day to get their bikes or property marked.

"Property and bike marking can help to keep new possessions more secure because if they are stolen, there is more chance we can reunite them with their rightful owners if recovered.

"It can also act as a deterrent to thieves. If we catch a thief with a bike which has been security marked, we can quickly establish that a crime has been committed and make an arrest.

"If members of the public weren't able to attend this event, they can still get in contact to arrange a convenient time to come down to the police station to get their property marked. Simply email: sntwelwynhatfieldnorth@herts.pnn.police.uk for further information."

**There are some other very simple things you can do to deter opportunist thieves from stealing your bike or other valuables:**

 * Register your bike and valuables on www.immobilise.com, a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike or property does get stolen, you have more chance of them being returned to you.
 * Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into the newsagents. The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * If you are at home make sure your bike is locked away securely.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.
 * Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike.
 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen or contact your local cycle shop, as most will mark them for a small cost. You can contact us for advice on other property marking initiatives available on 101.
