```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team has a new Inspector in post who brings with him a wealth of experience across numerous uniformed based roles.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2019
title: Meet the new Welwyn Hatfield Neighbourhood Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-the-new-welwyn-hatfield-neighbourhood-inspector-2453b
```

* ### Inspector Wayne Nash brings with him a wealth of experience across numerous uniformed based roles.

 * ### He is looking forward to working with partners and overseeing solving problems across the long-term.

 * ### Inspector Nash will oversee a team of four sergeants, 23 police constables and 28 PCSOs and police staff.

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team has a new Inspector in post who brings with him a wealth of experience across numerous uniformed based roles.

Inspector Wayne Nash has been settling into the role over the past few weeks, replacing Sophia Adams who has become a Detective Inspector.

Inspector Nash, who grew up in Hertfordshire, joined the police service in 2001 and was based with the intervention team in Watford and Three Rivers, responding to emergency calls.

In 2006 he was promoted to Sergeant on the St Albans intervention team. This was a followed by a move to the Custody/Criminal justice Unit in 2010. Between 2012 and 2014 he performed Acting Inspector duties both within Custody and the Criminal Justice Policy Unit. In 2014, he transferred to the Force Communications Room and qualified as an initial tactical firearms commander, being responsible for overseeing incidents involving firearms and other weapons and helping to bring them to a safe conclusion.

The past two years saw Inspector Nash working as an Intervention Inspector across Stevenage and North Herts, managing two teams of dedicated response officers.

Inspector Nash is looking forward to working with partners and having worked on intervention teams responding to emergencies, he is now looking forward to have the opportunity to be able to oversee solving problems across the long-term.

He said: "I joined the police as I like to see problems through from start to finish. Working as part of the Safer Neighbourhood Team means that I can speak to the local community and understand the issues affecting them, so that we can find a way to address those issues.

"I've previously lived in Welwyn Hatfield, and I'm eager to make a difference to the lives of those who live and work here. I want to help influence and change behaviour so that young people living here grow up knowing right from wrong. I'm particularly keen to help tackle the issue of anti-social behaviour (ASB) as well as other issues affecting our community."

In his new role, Inspector Nash will oversee a team of four sergeants, 23 police constables and 28 police community support officers (PCSOs) and police staff.

Inspector Nash always knew from a very young age that he wanted to become a police officer.

He said: "I always knew that I wanted to help people and working for the police allows you to do that. Looking back at my service so far, I have enjoyed each and every role I have performed for different reasons. When I started work in Custody and the Criminal Justice Unit this allowed me to look at problem solving initiatives and partnership working, which whilst being very challenging, was also very rewarding."

"I enjoy forward-thinking approaches, and am looking to use these skills in my role as Welwyn Hatfield's Safer Neighbourhood Inspector. Ultimately, I want to help ensure that our priorities are met; reducing crime, catching criminals and keeping people safe."

Inspector Nash is a keen football enthusiast and supports Liverpool Football Club. He lives in Hertfordshire with his wife and two children and in his spare time he enjoys keeping fit, as well as keeping up to date with news and politics. He also acts as a coach/mentor for other officers within Hertfordshire Constabulary, and the rest of the country with the College of Policing.

_If you would like to receive emails about crime in Welwyn Hatfield or your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL). _

Inspector Wayne Nash
