```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an aggravated burglary in Kings Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2018
title: Appeal following aggravated burglary in Kings Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-aggravated-burglary-in-Kings-Langley-1910
```

* ### In the early hours of Friday (October 12) four men carried out an aggravated burglary in Kings Langley.

 * ### The occupants - a man and a woman - were assaulted.

 * ### The woman suffered a broken hip and foot.

 * ### They are being supported by police officers.

 * ### The offenders made off and police are still working to identify and locate them.

 * ### Patrols have been increased in the local area to reassure residents.

Officers investigating an aggravated burglary in Kings Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident happened in the early hours of this morning (Friday, October 12) at a house in Hamilton Road.

Between around 12.55am and 1.05am, four masked offenders gained access to the property and assaulted two of the occupants. One of the victims, a woman, was left with a broken hip and foot.

The offenders stole a wallet and mobile phone before leaving the property. Officers attended the scene and with the assistance of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit, carried out a search along Hamilton Road towards Gallows Hill where the offenders were seen making off. At this time, the offenders remain outstanding.

Detective Sergeant Robert Muir, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a very distressing incident and the victims are being supported by officers. We are doing everything we can to trace those responsible and patrols are being increased in the local area to provide reassurance to residents while we do this.

"I am appealing for anybody who might have seen what happened, or seen suspicious activity in the area, to get in touch. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to the investigation.

"The stolen mobile phone has been found discarded in Old Mill Lane. If you saw suspicious activity around this area, I would encourage you to get in touch.

"If you can help please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _robert.muir@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/45437/18."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
