```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead where a WW2 dagger was stolen are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: "WW2 dagger stolen in burglary \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/WW2-dagger-stolen-in-burglary-HemelHempstead-1265D
```

* ### Distinctive WW2 dagger was stolen in a burglary in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### It happened in Crossfell Road between 5.45pm and 6.15pm on Sunday, November 26.

 * ### Did you see anything suspicious? Please call 101 quoting crime reference D1/17/9613.

Officers investigating a burglary in Hemel Hempstead where a WW2 dagger was stolen are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Crossfell Road between 5.45pm and 6.15pm on Sunday, November 26.

Offenders gained entry to the property via a window before searching upstairs bedrooms and making off with a number of items including:

 * A WW2 commando dagger in a black sheath (pictured)
 * A quantity of foreign currency
 * An 18ct men's gold wedding band
 * An emerald and diamond ring
 * A gold cluster ring
 * A bracelet with an '18' charm
 * A pearl necklace
 * A men's gold signet ring with a red stone setting
 * A solid silver bracelet

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, from the Hemel Hempstead Local Crime Unit, said: "Many of the stolen items hold large sentimental value to the victim and the commando dagger is distinctive in that it may catch someone's eye if the offender attempts to sell it on for cash.

"I would ask people to be aware of these items locally and contact us if they believe they are being sold, either online or in person.

"A dark Audi was also seen in the area around the time of the burglary so I am appealing to anyone who saw suspicious activity involving a car of this description to get in touch with me."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email DC Spiers on peter.spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk, call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/17/9613 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

WW2 dagger stolen
