```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Cheshunt are releasing images of a stolen moped used during the incident, as part of an appeal for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: Images of stolen moped released following robbery in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-of-stolen-moped-released-following-robbery-in-cheshunt-0159k
```

* ### The robbery occurred outside the Marriott Hotel.

 * ### A cash box was stolen from a courier as he walked to his van.

 * ### The offenders made off on a stolen moped which was later found abandoned, along with the cash box.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Cheshunt are releasing images of a stolen moped used during the incident, as part of an appeal for witnesses to come forward.

At around 1.30pm on Tuesday, April 30, a courier, who was carrying a cash box, was approached by a man as he left the Marriott Hotel in Halfhide Lane.

The man wrenched the cash box from the victim's hand before striking him on the head with what was believed to have been a small firearm. The suspect then made off on a moped, being driven by a second offender.

A search of the area was carried out by police and the cash box was subsequently discovered unopened in The Pitts car park, at Lea Valley Park, off Cheshunt Wash. The moped was also found abandoned.

Detective Sergeant Adam Bridges, from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit, said: "The cash box had an alarm on it which was sounding when it was found by police. I am appealing for anyone who saw two men acting suspiciously in the car park area, to please come forward.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may recall seeing this moped, or the riders, prior to or after the incident. Any information could prove useful to our on-going investigation."

Anyone with information should contact DS Bridges via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/38913/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
