```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident in Stevenage where a 14 year old boy was stabbed.
publish:
  date: 20 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following stabbing incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-stabbing-incident-in-stevenage-0544E
```

* ### Police are appealing for information after a 14 year old boy was stabbed in Stevenage.

 * ### It is believed the victim was followed by the offenders before the alleged assault.

 * ### The victim required hospital treatment.

 * ### Three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the incident.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident in Stevenage where a 14 year old boy was stabbed.

The offence is alleged to have taken place at the foot of the 'Curley Whirly' bridge in St Martins Way at around 3.45pm on Tuesday, July 17.

Detective Sergeant Ian Sheridan from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit said: "We believe that the victim was followed by the alleged offenders, who were travelling on foot and on bicycles to the bridge, where the offence is reported to have taken place.

"They then made off across the bridge which leads to Rectory Lane.

"Thankfully the victim did not sustain life-threatening or life changing injuries but he did require hospital treatment and is now recovering at home.

"I'm appealing for anyone who believes they witnessed this incident or thinks they may have seen those involved prior to the assault or leaving the scene afterwards to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DS Sheridan by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/18556/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Two 14 year old boys and a 13 year old boy from Stevenage have been arrested on suspicion of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm. They have been released under investigation while enquires continue.
