```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision on the A10 yesterday evening (Sunday 18 October).
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal collision on A10
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-collision-on-a10-0757a
```

* ## The collision occurred on the northbound carriageway, between Hoddesdon and Ware.

 * ## A man aged in his 50s sadly passed away at the scene.

 * ## Anyone who saw what happened, or captured dash cam footage, is asked to contact police.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision on the A10 yesterday evening (Sunday 18 October).

The collision occurred on the northbound carriageway, between Hoddesdon and Ware, shortly before 8.15pm.

For reasons unknown at this time, a blue BMW X1 collided with a lorry which was parked in a layby.

The driver of the BMW, a man aged in his 50s, sadly passed away at the scene. His next of kin have been informed.

The driver of the lorry was uninjured.

The carriageway was closed to allow emergency services to recover both vehicles.

PC Neil Crosier said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the BMW driver at this understandably difficult time.

"Our enquiries are continuing to establish the circumstances surrounding the collision. We are asking anyone who witnessed what happened, or believes they saw the vehicle travelling in the area prior to the incident, to please get in touch.

"We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured any dash cam footage. If you were driving in the area around the time, please do review any footage and contact us if you believe you may have captured anything that could assist."

Anyone with information is asked to email PC Neil Crosier.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 623 of 18 October. **

**
