```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Six men have been arrested during raids at several addresses in London, between last Tuesday 28 January and Thursday 30 January as part of Operation Radium, a national fraud operation.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2020
title: Arrests as part of joint fraud investigation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-as-part-of-joint-fraud-investigation-1357all
```

* ## Six men arrested during national courier fraud operation.

 * ## Arrests followed warrants served at London addresses.

 * ## Fraud investigation linked to £1m stolen from Hertfordshire residents.

Six men have been arrested during raids at several addresses in London, between last Tuesday 28 January and Thursday 30 January as part of Operation Radium, a national fraud operation.

The warrants were served as part of a wide-ranging investigation into fraud involving bogus phone calls, which resulted in victims losing over £1 million. The warrants were carried out by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, working alongside officers from Kent Police's Serious Crime Directorate, the Metropolitan Police, City of London Police and North East Regional Special Operations Unit. During the warrants high value items and cash were seized from the addresses.

The six men arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud victims in Baldock, Bushey, Hatfield, Letchworth, Royston, Watford and Welwyn were:

 * A 19 year old man from Tower Hamlets
 * A 20 year old man from Westminster
 * A 21 year old man from Mile End
 * A 22 year old man from Mile End
 * A 24 year old man from Camden
 * A 31 year old man from Camden

All were released whist the investigations continue.

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit, said: "Courier fraud has been on the increase across the country and we have been carrying out intensive investigations to track down those responsible. Working with our partners in other forces and agencies, we have the capabilities to track and detain fraudsters wherever they are operating.

"It's important to remember that police officers and bank officials will NEVER ask you to withdraw money, purchase goods or hand over private banking details.

"Please help us to raise awareness by sharing this with your friends and family, especially if they are vulnerable or elderly."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice:

 * Be sceptical of callers, even those who claim to be officials.
 * Don't be afraid to put the phone down with a brief 'No, thank you'.
 * NEVER give personal information, such as your date of birth or bank details, to unexpected callers.
 * Remember that the police or your bank would NEVER unexpectedly call you and ask you to withdraw cash or move your money to another account, as a result of fraud or any other reason.
 * If callers suggest you call your local police or bank to check who they are, use another phone or ensure the line has been fully disconnected by phoning a friend or relative first, or by waiting at least five minutes, otherwise you may think you've phoned a number, but you're simply talking to the fraudsters again. This is a common fraudsters' tactic.
 * If a caller asks you to type your bank PIN number into your telephone handset - do not do this, as fraudsters can use technology to identify the numbers.
 * You can opt out of many cold calls by registering for free with the Telephone Preference Service on 0845 070 0707.

If you believe that you are a victim of this scam please contact Hertfordshire Police on 101 using a different phone to that used to communicate with the fraudsters. If a fraud is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
