```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a burglary in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are releasing images of five people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 22 May 2018
title: "CCTV appeal following commercial burglary in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-commercial-burglary-in-bishopsstortford-0248A
```

* ### Do you recognise these men?

 * ### Officers would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries after nail guns were stolen from a tool shop in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### Offenders entered the store and while one distracted a member of staff, the others went upstairs and took the nail guns before making off.

Officers investigating a burglary in Bishop's Stortford are releasing images of five people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Just after 2.30pm on Tuesday, April 24, offenders entered Frank Howard Tools and Fixings in Raynham Road. One of the offenders distracted a member of staff while others went upstairs to a storage area and took five nail guns before making off in the direction of Plaw Hatch Close.

One nail gun has been recovered as it was dropped by one of the offenders as he ran away.

Anyone who recognises the men pictured is asked to contact PC Brian Leadley by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A2/18/744 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
