```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary will be the first police force in the region to implement a new approach to student officer training after awarding the contract for academic study to Anglia Ruskin University.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2020
title: New arrangements for student officer training in Hertfordshire announced
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-arrangements-for-student-officer-training-in-hertfordshire-announced-0211all
```

* ## The Police Education Qualification Framework (PEQF) has been devised through the College of Policing who want to further professionalise the service.

 * ## It will ensure that all police officers receive the best possible education and professional support to build the skills and capabilities they need throughout their careers.

 * ## Under PEQF, student officers will receive formally recognised and professional qualifications for the first time through Anglia Ruskin University

Hertfordshire Constabulary will be the first police force in the region to implement a new approach to student officer training after awarding the contract for academic study to Anglia Ruskin University.

The Police Education Qualification Framework (PEQF) has been devised through the College of Policing who want to further professionalise the service. It will ensure that all police officers receive the best possible education and professional support to build the skills and capabilities they need throughout their careers.

Under PEQF, student officers will receive formally recognised and professional qualifications for the first time through Anglia Ruskin University and the programme is scheduled to be made available from June 2021.

The Seven Force Strategic Collaboration Programme have worked to procure and coordinate the contract with the Higher Education Provider on behalf of the seven forces (Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Suffolk and Norfolk, Essex and Kent).

Charlie Hall Chief Constable for Hertfordshire explained: "The existing Initial Policing Learning and Development Programme (IPLDP) was recognised by the College of Policing as no longer fit for purpose and therefore all police forces will be using the transformative new professional framework, for the training of Police Officers. The national changes have been implemented to further professionalise policing as a career and reflect and acknowledge the high level of service required from an officer in today's complex and challenging policing environment.

The new entry routes to become a police officer are: Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) - A three-year professional policing degree apprenticeship, providing an exciting opportunity for successful applicants to achieve a degree in Professional Policing Practice whilst serving as a police officer and Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) - A two-year academic professional policing diploma, providing the opportunity for successful applicants with any degree (except in Professional Policing Practice) to achieve a diploma in Professional Policing Practice whilst serving as a police officer.

Charlie added: "This is a very exciting chapter in the history of professional development within the police service. Anglia Ruskin is a university who has clearly shown their desire and commitment to work closely with us to deliver outstanding training programmes. My thanks to all those who have worked tirelessly to secure this contract."

Professor Roderick Watkins, Vice Chancellor of Anglia Ruskin University said: "We are delighted to be working with the Seven Forces as their preferred provider to deliver PEQF across the eastern region. This is a hugely important initiative for us, and we are committed to working closely with the forces to create and deliver excellent professional training for future police officers."

Report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
