```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to four years and nine months in prison for drug offences after he was found in possession of wraps of crack cocaine and heroin.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2018
title: "Man sentenced for drug offences \u2013 Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-drug-offences-hatfield-2005
```

* ### A 32-year-old man from London has been jailed for four years and nine months after he was found in possession of crack cocaine and heroin

 * ### He was arrested and charged after being stopped and searched by Operation Scorpion officers in Hatfield in May 2017

 * ### Detective Inspector tells drug dealers to be 'looking over their shoulder'

A man has been sentenced to four years and nine months in prison for drug offences after he was found in possession of wraps of crack cocaine and heroin.

Jerome Spencer-Moss, aged 32, of Jellicoe Road, Tottenham, London, appeared before St Albans Crown Court for sentencing on Tuesday, October 30.

The court heard how on May 12, 2017, officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Operation Scorpion Team* were out on routine patrol when they stopped Spencer-Moss on Link Close in Hatfield.

After searching him, they found he had concealed on his person wraps of crack cocaine and heroin, with a total street value of more than £400.

Spencer-Moss was arrested and charged with possession with the intent to supply Class A drugs, before he pleaded guilty at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, October 29.

Detective Inspector Rob Burns, who leads the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "Thanks to proactive work by our Operation Scorpion Team a prolific drug dealer is behind bars and these Class A drugs were stopped from reaching the streets of Hatfield.

"Drugs can ruin the lives of those who take them, as well as those of their families, friends and the communities in which they live.

"We are committed to cracking down on drug dealing and the associated criminality in Welwyn Hatfield.

"I hope that Spencer-Moss' sentencing sends a robust message to anyone who chooses to or is considering dealing drugs in Welwyn Hatfield. You should be looking over your shoulder because we are determined to bring your criminality to an end.

"I would urge anyone who suspects drug-related activity in their neighbourhood to report it to us immediately. Information from members of the public can make a real difference in the fight against drugs. Any information you provide could be the missing piece of intelligence which will lead us to apprehending an offender."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If you suspect a crime is in progress, or someone's life is in danger, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

_*Operation Scorpion officers specifically target drug-related crime using a variety of proactive policing techniques to relentlessly pursue the criminals who cause most harm to our communities._

Jerome Spencer-Moss
