```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a dog that was stolen in Waltham Cross."
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2020
title: Appeal to trace stolen dog
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-stolen-dog-1310
```

* ### On Christmas Eve, Sky, a Staffordshire Bull Terrier, was stolen from Park Lane in Waltham Cross

 * ### A man was seen to coax Sky into his car, a black Volkswagen Golf

 * ### Anyone who can help should contact PC Emma Adams on 101 quoting crime reference 41/115435/19

Officers are appealing for the public's help to trace a dog that was stolen in Waltham Cross.

The offence happened on Christmas Eve (Tuesday 24 December) in Park Lane.

Between 2.30pm and 4.30pm, Sky - an 18 month old Staffordshire Bull Terrier- escaped from her home in Park Lane and made her way towards Tuneright Motors (also in Park Lane).

A man was then seen to coax Sky into his car, a black Volkswagen Golf.

A woman who recognised Sky attempted to intervene and a verbal altercation ensued before the offender shoved her and drove away with Sky.

The offender is described as being in his early twenties. He had blond hair and was wearing a cap.

PC Emma Adams, who is investigating, said: "Sky's owners are absolutely devastated and are on tenterhooks waiting for any bit of information that might help to find Sky.

"We have been carrying out extensive enquiries and I am now appealing for anyone who has seen Sky, or perhaps been offered her for sale to get in touch and let us know.

"Sky is described as just under one metre tall and of a slim build. Her colour is blue but she appears as a brown colour. She is currently losing hair on her chest and behind both of her ears which gives these areas a lighter appearance. She has a scratch on the back of her right ear.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who saw Sky get stolen, including those who might have captured what happened on camera. You could have vital information that will help us find her.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/115435/19."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
