```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating reports of a nuisance dirt bike in the Kings Langley area are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2020
title: "Appeal for information following nuisance dirt bike reports \u2013 Kings Langley"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-nuisance-dirt-bike-reports-kings-langley-0260c
```

* ## Have you seen a green dirt bike being ridden erratically by a male in the Kings Langley area?

 * ## We have had increased reports about this bike being seen on the common and the cricket ground.

 * ## If you see him, please contact police quoting ISR 627 of 22 June.

Officers investigating reports of a nuisance dirt bike in the Kings Langley area are appealing for information and witnesses.

There has been an increase in reports relating to a green dirt or 'scrambler' bike with no registration plate being ridden dangerously on the village common, as well as the nearby cricket ground.

The most recent report was on the evening of Monday 22 June, when it was reported that the bike was seen in the area.

Police attended and signalled for the bike and its rider to stop, but he failed to do so and despite a thorough search of the area, he could not be located.

PC Karl Diggins, from the Kings Langley and Hemel Hempstead South East Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Several members of the public have reported this bike and its rider to us, and we are doing all we can to trace this person.

"Not only is he riding illegally on footpaths and open spaces, but his manner of riding is both reckless and dangerous.

"We have made all local officers aware of the bike's description and have stepped up patrols at hotspot locations in Kings Langley. We are encouraging residents to keep an eye out for this bike, reporting any sightings to us via our online methods in the first instance.

"If it is safe to do so, please use your mobile phone to take a photograph of the bike and its rider, and send it to me via email."

You can email PC Diggins, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 627 of 22 June**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
