```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men were arrested yesterday (Tuesday April 3) after a warrant was executed at an address in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 4 Apr 2018
title: Two Arrested Following Drugs Warrant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-Arrested-Following-Drugs-Warrant-0012E
```

* ### Police execute warrant at Stevenage address.

 * ### Two arrested.

 * ### Class A and cash seized.

Two men were arrested yesterday (Tuesday April 3) after a warrant was executed at an address in Stevenage.

 At around 8am police officers from the Operation Scorpion Team gained entry into an address in Ripon Road. Two 18 year old men were arrested at the property and a large amount of cash and Class A and B drugs were seized.

 One of the men was arrested on suspicion of a GBH offence which occurred on March 21, in an underpass between Canterbury Way and Ripon Road. He was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

 The second man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A and B drugs.

 Both men have been released under investigation.

 Investigating Officer Detective Sergeant Fay Tooley said: "This was a good result with officers acting on intelligence received. However we are still keen to here from anyone who has any information about drug related activity in this area. We are committed to tackling drug crime in Stevenage and will deal robustly with those we catch."

If you have any information relating to drug activity in this area please contact DS Fay Tooley on 101 or report on line at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
