```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary gave a big socially distanced welcome to 11 new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) last Friday 3 July.
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2020
title: Hertfordshire welcomes 11 new PCSOs to the beat
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-welcomes-11-new-pcsos-to-the-beat-0339
```

* ### Congratulations to our 11 new PCSOs

 * ### Chief Constable Charlie Hall welcomes new officers

 * ### We are recruiting now

Hertfordshire Constabulary gave a big socially distanced welcome to 11 new Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) last Friday 3 July.

Our latest recruits, including former retail workers, a fitness coach and a teaching assistant, were formally designated into their roles at a special ceremony at police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

"Usually new PCSOs would have their family members to watch this special ceremony but, of course, this is impossible at the moment as we maintain social distancing," explained Hertfordshire Chief Constable Charlie Hall. "However, I am sure that the parents and loved ones of every single one of our new officers will be as proud as I am that they have chosen to serve their community in this way.

"Our new PCSOs have been assigned to Safer Neighbourhood Teams across the county and will be working with the community to improve the quality of life for residents and make their area safer, by proactively tackling crime and anti-social behaviour."

The six women and five men followed a seven-week training programme to prepare them for the varied role, which will include everything from tracking down shoplifters, to searching for missing people and talking crime prevention with residents.

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd said: "Our PCSOs play a vital role in building bridges with the communities they help keep safe. They are a reassuring presence on the streets and I often get positive feedback from the public on the work they do.

"Welcome and congratulations to all those joining the team."

The role of a PCSO is paid and there are opportunities for people who wish to work part-time or flexible hours. It involves shift work, including working some weekends and evenings to 11pm. If you're interested in finding out more, please visit hertspolicepcso.co.uk
