```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 15 year old boy who stabbed another teenager in the stomach has been sentenced to a total of nine years behind bars.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2019
title: Verulamium Park stabbing - sentencing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Verulamium-Park-stabbing-sentencing-2434
```

* ### 15-year-old jailed for nine years following St Albans stabbing

 * ### Victim required surgery following incident in Verulamium Park

 * ### Force working with partners to tackle knife crime however parents also urged to speak with children about the issue

A 15 year old boy who stabbed another teenager in the stomach has been sentenced to a total of nine years behind bars.

The teenage offender, who was 14 at the time and cannot be named due to his young age, stabbed the 16 year old victim with a 10 inch long knife in Verulamium Park on June 15, 2018.

He was air lifted to hospital for emergency surgery to repair his gallbladder and stomach. He also suffered a laceration to his scalp that required medical treatment.

Another 16 year old victim was also assaulted during the incident. He was punched and kicked by the offender and another 16 year old boy, causing him to lose consciousness and suffer a concussion.

The 15 year old offender, from St Albans, was found guilty of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH), possession of a bladed article and Actual Bodily Harm (ABH) by a jury at St Albans Crown Court on Wednesday, November 28. His sentencing was postponed until today (Friday, January 25).

He was also sentenced for two other robbery incidents, which are unrelated to the stabbing.

On December 22, 2017, the teenager robbed two 17 year old boys in Mercers Row, St Albans, and on January 17, 2018, he robbed another boy outside Cell Barnes Lane shops in the city. He pleaded guilty to three charges of robbery (two charges relate to the December 22 incident) during two separate hearings at St Albans Youth Court earlier this month on January 2 and January 16 (2019).

Today, the Judge told him he must serve at least six years behind bars before being considered for parole and after his release he will remain on licence for a further three years.

The Probation Service told the court that the teenager posed a significant risk to the public and was at serious risk of committing further offences.

The 16 year old offender, also from St Albans, who was involved in the Verulamium Park violence was also found guilty by the jury on November 28 last year. On December 19 he was jailed for up to 12 months and told he must serve a minimum of six months behind bars before being considered for release under strict terms.

St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates said: "The consequences can be devastating when someone decides to arm themselves with a knife and the victim of the stabbing was lucky to survive the violent attack.

"I have no doubt that the traumatic events of that day will stay with both of the young victims and their families for the rest of their lives.

"We are continuing to work with our partners, including schools and colleges, to talk to young people about the dangers and consequences of carrying knives and I would like to take this opportunity to once again urge parents to speak to their children about knife crime and be aware of where they are going and what they are doing."

 * **If you are worried that someone you know may be carrying a knife or are affected by knife crime yourself, there is information, help and support available atwww.knifefree.co.uk.**

 * **To report information about knife carrying to police please call 101 or report information online atwww.herts.police.uk/report. If a crime is in progress always dial 999.**
