```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Cannabis was seized after warrants were executed at two addresses in Buntingford.
publish:
  date: 3 Jul 2020
title: Cannabis seized following warrants in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-seized-following-warrants-in-buntingford-0304a
```

* ## Warrants were carried out at two addresses.

 * ## A small amount of cannabis was seized from both properties.

 * ## Please continue to report information to police.

Cannabis was seized after warrants were executed at two addresses in Buntingford.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team and the Operational Support Group carried out the action last Friday evening (26 June), at addresses in Spencer Close and The Crescent in Cottered.

A small amount of cannabis was seized from both properties and enquiries are continuing.

PC Gemma Wardell, from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Although no arrests were made on this occasion I hope these warrants reassure people that we do act on intelligence received and that your calls really do make a difference. If you suspect drug activity in your local area, please report it to us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-bunters and tell us what you think.
