```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Hertsmere Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a closure order on an address in Borehamwood under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2018
title: Closure Order secured on a property in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-a-property-in-borehamwood-0252J
```

* ### The property - a flat in Gemini Park - was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents.

 * ### Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Hertsmere Borough Council to gather evidence in support of the closure order.

 * ### Please continue to report anything of concern to us via the non-emergency number 101 and if you witness a crime or ASB in progress dial 999.

Officers from Hertsmere Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a closure order on an address in Borehamwood under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Gemini Park - was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the property in an anti-social manner and suspected drug dealing and drug use.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at St Albans Magistrate's Court on Friday May 11.

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met, which included:

1) that a person has engaged, or (if the order is not made) is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or (if the order is not made) is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) that there has been, or (if the order is not made) is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises,

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Hertsmere Borough Council to gather evidence in support of the closure order. The police and the council had received numerous calls from members of the public reporting arguments at the address, noisy visitors and suspected drug use and drug dealing.

The closure order would usually prevent anyone from entering the property for three months and anyone who breaches the order can be arrested. However, in this case the applicant, Herts Police, has allowed the sole occupant only to remain in the address.

**Community Safety Sergeant Ricki Vaughan, said:** "To help us in the fight against drugs in Hertsmere and associated anti-social behaviour (ASB), we have been working closely with our partner agencies to put a permanent stop to these crimes. Securing a closure order is a significant part of helping us to achieve that.

"For many months we responded to complaints alongside Hertsmere Council and Trinity Housing Association about the ASB and suspected drug use and drug dealing at the property.

"By taking this action to close the addresses, we hope to provide some respite from the on-going issues that cause such misery for neighbours and improve the quality of life for our local communities.

"On this occasion we did not apply to remove the sole occupant from the address, just to restrict people attending. It was clear in this particular situation that drug dealers had effectively taken over a vulnerable person's home and they were powerless to what was going on around them in their own home. This order will therefore also serve to safeguard the occupant."

He added: "I would urge local residents to please continue to report anything of concern to us via the non-emergency number 101 and if you witness a crime or ASB in progress dial 999."
