```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men were arrested following a high-visibility operation to tackle suspected drug dealing and anti-social behaviour in South Oxhey.
publish:
  date: 17 May 2019
title: Two arrested as a result of proactive operation in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-as-a-result-of-proactive-operation-in-south-oxhey-0236c
```

* ### Two men were arrested following a high-visibility operation to tackle suspected drug dealing and anti-social behaviour in South Oxhey.

 * ### Operation Scorpion* officers flooded the area, making it a hostile environment for criminals.

 * ### PCSOs were able to focus on anti-social behaviour hotspots throughout the night, engaging with young people who were exhibiting undesirable behaviour.

Two men were arrested following a high-visibility operation to tackle suspected drug dealing and anti-social behaviour in South Oxhey.

A 16-year-old boy from South Oxhey was arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply a Class B drug and obstructing a police officer. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 19-year-old man from South Oxhey was arrested for previously failing to appear at court in relation to a number of burglaries. He appeared before Hatfield Remand Court the following day (May 11) and received a 12-month conditional discharge.

The evening of action on Friday, May 10 involved officers from both Watford and Three Rivers Operation Scorpion teams and the South Oxhey, Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

Both marked and plain-clothes officers were out in force in response to concerns reported by the South Oxhey community regarding suspected drug dealing and anti-social behaviour.

The Operation Scorpion* officers flooded the area, making it a hostile environment for criminals.

The PCSOs were able to focus on anti-social behaviour hotspots throughout the night, engaging with young people who were exhibiting undesirable behaviour. We moved those involved on from the area, speaking to parents and guardians as well as making the relevant referrals to partner agencies where appropriate.

Sergeant Dan Amos, from the South Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We understand that the community may be feeling vulnerable following recent events in their neighbourhood, but I want to reassure them that we are taking positive action to tackle the issues that they have raised with us.

"Our officers received a lot of encouraging feedback from residents, who were pleased to see anti-social behaviour being confronted head on. These are the issues that affect people's everyday quality of life and we are therefore dedicated to pursuing those who choose to commit crime and negatively impact their surrounding community."

You can report any concerns or issues you may have online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat.

This can be launched here

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
