```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged following a fatal collision on the A10 near Reed on Sunday 14 July.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Driver charged following fatal road traffic collision on A10 near Reed
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Driver-charged-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-on-A10-near-Reed-0495
```

* ### Man, 37, charged with death by dangerous driving

 * ### Did you see A10 road collision on Sunday morning?

 * ### Witnesses still asked to contact police

A man has been charged following a fatal collision on the A10 near Reed on Sunday 14 July.

Mohammad Ahmed, 37, of Upland Road, Thornwood, Epping, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court yesterday, Tuesday 16 July, charged with causing death by dangerous driving. He was remanded in custody to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 19 August.

Police are still appealing for witnesses to the collision, which happened on A10 northbound carriageway at the junction for Reed at around 8.42am. A silver 320 BMW and a silver Volkswagen Move Up collided.

Rear seat passenger of the Volkswagen, Catherine Roberts, 77, of Links Side, Enfield, sustained fatal injuries. The driver, a man in his 70s, was injured and taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital for treatment.

PC Felicity Moody, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the family of the lady who tragically lost her life in this collision. Her next of kin are being supported by specially-trained officers. We are continuing to make enquiries in order to establish the circumstances around this collision.

"We would be particularly keen to hear from anyone who saw either vehicle between Buntingford and Royston prior to the collision, especially if drivers have a dash cam fitted."

Anyone who has information about the incident can contact PC Moody on 01438 757592, email felicity.moody@herts.pnn.police.uk or contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 214 of 14 July. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/Contact
