```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses to trace a vehicle believed to be involved in a burglary in Radlett.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2019
title: Appeal following burglary in Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Radlett-0049MD
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses to trace a vehicle believed to be involved in a burglary in Radlett.

Shortly before 2pm on Thursday, March 28, police were alerted to an alarm activation at a house in Newlands Avenue, Radlett.

It is believed three males left the address to get in a silver BMW 1 Series, which contained a fourth offender who was driving. The vehicle made off along Park Avenue in the direction of Watling Street. The vehicle's number plate ended in UYM.

Officers attended the scene and searched the area but the offenders were not found.

The three males who were seen leaving the house and getting into the car are described as wearing either hoods or yellow builders' hats. They were also wearing wigs.

They took two safes from the house which contained cash and jewellery.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "Did you see these men dressed distinctively? Or did you see the vehicle driving away from the scene? The vehicle was seen to be driving in an erratic manner, overtaking queuing vehicles, so it would have been very noticeable.

"If you can help, please get in contact via the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/28571/19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
