```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Drug use, anti-social driving and the illegal use of e-scooters are some of the issues the Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) will be focusing their efforts on over the coming months, as a result of feedback from members of the public."
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2021
title: "New policing priorities set for Bishop\u2019s Stortford and Sawbridgeworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-policing-priorities-set-for-bishops-stortford-and-sawbridgeworth-1303a
```

* ## The local policing priorities have been set for the next three months.

 * ## Feedback from members of the public has helped to shape the focus.

 * ## Anti-social behaviour and illegal use of e-scooters are among the issues being targeted.

Drug use, anti-social driving and the illegal use of e-scooters are some of the issues the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) will be focusing their efforts on over the coming months, as a result of feedback from members of the public.

The latest Priority Setting Forums (PSF) have taken place and the SNT has set its policing priorities for the next three months.

PSFs are made up of police officers, council representatives and members of the education and business communities, who meet to discuss issues and decide where the local SNT's efforts should be focused.

Feedback from members of the public plays a huge part in the decision making and information provided via the constabulary's community voice platform 'echo' has been used to shape the latest priorities.

Residents will see work being conducted to tackle these issues, which will include increased police presence and targeted enforcement.

### _Bishop 's Stortford_

 * To reduce incidents of drug dealing and related anti-social behaviour in Stortford Fields, Newland Avenue, Boswell Street and Radley Lane, during the day.
 * To reduce speeding and vehicle related anti-social behaviour in Stortford Fields Newland Avenue, Bovis car park and other car parks, during the evenings.
 * To reduce incidents of drug dealing, drinking and anti-social behaviour in both the cemeteries on Cemetery Road and The Firs, during the evenings.
 * Tackling and reducing incidents of anti-social behaviour and drug use around Sainsbury's in Thorley, the youth shelter and the bus lane that connects to the Havers Estate, during weekday evenings.
 * To reduce drug related issues, drinking and anti-social behaviour in John Dyde Close, along the river and in Sworders Field, during the evenings.

### _Sawbridgeworth_

 * To reduce incidents of drug dealing and associated anti-social behaviour in Fairways, Vantorts Park, Crofters/Crofters End car park.
 * To tackle the illegal use of e-scooters around the town, with particular focus on Bell Street, Knight Street, The Forebury and outside schools.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Theresa Funes-Walker said: "Feedback from members of the public is vital to ensure that local policing resources are focusing on the issues that matter most to them. I want to thank everyone who has contacted us with their views and would encourage others to get involved.

"You can follow the work of local officers on Twitter @EastHertsPolice, to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep East Herts a safe place to live, work and visit."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit one of the following links and tell us your thoughts:

 * Bishop's Stortford echo (opens in a new window)
 * Sawbridgeworth echo (opens in a new window)

Please note that echo should not be used to report crime; this should continue to be reported via the usual methods.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window).
