```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of a young father killed in a collision in Stanstead Abbotts have paid tribute to him.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2021
title: Tribute to Callum Dix
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-callum-dix-1139ak
```

* ## 20 year old Callum Dix, a father of one, was killed in a collision in Stanstead Abbotts on Monday 18 January.

 * ## Callum's family have promised to ensure that his 18 month old son knows all about his dad.

 * ## They are urging witnesses and anyone with information about the collision to contact police.

 * ## A 45 year old man from Chelmsford has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and being in an unfit state to drive through drink or drugs.

**_Tribute to Callum Dix_**

The family of a young father killed in a collision in Stanstead Abbotts have paid tribute to him.

20 year old Callum Dix, a father of one, was tragically killed in a collision on the A414 at Stanstead Abbotts on Monday 18 January.

Callum, who was in his third year of training to be a vehicle mechanic - with only one exam left to take, had left the family home in the morning to travel to work. Sadly, that was the last time his family saw him. That evening, at around 6.15pm, Callum was travelling westbound in his white Vauxhall Corsa when he was involved in a collision with two other vehicles - a black BMW 330d and a blue Aston Martin DB11, both of which had been travelling eastbound. Tragically, Callum died at the scene of the collision on the westbound carriageway.

Callum was one of seven children and he grew up and went to school in Broxbourne. He leaves behind his 18 month old son Eddie, as well as 13 nieces and nephews.

Described as 'the baby of the family', Callum grew up in a close-knit household full of football, love, laughter and plenty of sibling banter. He may have been the youngest, but he gave as good as he got!

His family said: "Callum had a face full of sunshine and a heart of gold. We watched him grow from a little shy boy to a confident teenager, to a daddy himself.

"Eddie is only 18 months old; Callum thought the world of him. Callum was taken from us in the cruellest of circumstances, he had his whole life ahead of him. He will never be able to see Eddie grow, develop or be able to help guide Eddie through life itself."

Callum's family promise to ensure that Eddie knows all about his dad.

"We will create memories like Callum would have wanted and always be there to support him as he grows," they said.

The family are keen to stress their gratitude to all those who have shown great generosity and kindness to them during this terrible time.

They added: "We are a very close family and have been truly overwhelmed by the generosity especially in these difficult times from friends, family and even complete strangers. We will be forever grateful!

"As a family we are truly devastated, which we know has also been felt throughout the community and beyond. Thank you to all of those who have taken the time to send their kind words. "Stay strong" are easy words to say and heartfelt but are without a doubt the hardest thing we are trying to do."

Emergency services staff and those who were at the scene of the collision have also been thanked by the family:

"We would like to extend our thanks to the emergency services and the aftercare teams for all of your help. To the people that ran to Callum's aid whilst he was trapped in his car as it was engulfed in flames - we can never thank you enough; you were so brave and we are forever in your debt.

"We have found great comfort in hearing stories and seeing photos from Callum's mates. He really had the best circle of friends."

A 45 year old man from Chelmsford, who was driving the Aston Martin, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and being in an unfit state to drive through drink or drugs. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

With the investigation ongoing Callum's family are pleading for those with information to get in touch:

"If you were on the A414 on Monday 18 January at around 6.15pm and witnessed anything or have any dash cam footage, please do get in touch with the police.

"We wouldn't want anyone to go through what we are now. It breaks our hearts when Eddie calls out for daddy and he doesn't come.

"We stare at the door in the hope it's a big mistake and wish Callum would walk right through."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Greenback.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

A JustGiving page )opens in a new window) has been set up to ensure Eddie has the best start in life.

Callum with his son, Eddie.
