```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an armed robbery in Watford this morning (Saturday January 20).
publish:
  date: 20 Jan 2018
title: Armed robbery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Armed-robbery-in-Watford-1491
```

* ### Did you see armed robbery at a Watford pharmacy?

 * ### Man entered Park Pharmacy in Garston Park Parade

 * ### Please call 101 or visit www.herts.police.uk/report to report information

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an armed robbery in Watford this morning (Saturday January 20).

Officers responded to an alarm at 10.30am that a man had entered Park Pharmacy in Garston Park Parade and demanded goods from behind the counter.

He has threatened staff with what was believed to be a handgun. He has then made off with property from the shop, leaving in the direction of St Albans Road.

Detectives investigating the incident would like to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time.

Detective Sergeant Chris Parperi, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "Fortunately no one was hurt during this incident however the staff were understandably left feeling shaken.

"The shopping parade would have been busy this morning and it is likely that someone would have seen the incident or seen the man coming or going from the pharmacy. In particular a man was seen in the area nearby riding a children's scooter. I would appeal to this man or anyone else who saw anything suspicious to get in touch with us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting incident reference 227 of the 20th of January, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
