```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield are releasing an e-fit of the suspect and are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify him."
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2018
title: E-Fit released following robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/E-fit-released-following-robbery-in-Hatfield-1519B
```

* ### E-fit of suspect released following street robbery in Hatfield.

 * ### The offender approached the victim from behind and demanded he hand over money.

 * ### No-one was injured during the incident.

 * ### Anyone who recognises the man pictured is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a robbery in Hatfield are releasing an e-fit of the suspect and are appealing for the public's help to identify him.

At around 5.30pm on Tuesday, December 26, the victim - a man aged in his 20s - was approached from behind in St Albans Road West by the offender who threatened him and demanded he hand over money.

The victim gave him £10 and the offender then walked off in the direction of St Peters Close.

The offender is described as a black man, aged in his 20s, of medium build and around 5ft 11in tall. He was wearing a black bomber jacket, black trousers and was carrying a black backpack which had a white or silver stripe on the back of it.

PC Lisa Williams, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who recognises the man pictured to get in touch as you may have information that could help us identify the offender."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Williams by emailing, calling 101 and quoting crime reference B2/17/6304 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

E-Fit released
