```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Six people have been charged with offences following warrants carried out in Stevenage, Letchworth and London on Wednesday (November 21).
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2018
title: Six people charged following Op Mantis warrants
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/six-people-charged-following-op-mantis-warrants-2123EG
```

* ### Six people have been charged following warrants carried out in Stevenage, Letchworth and London.

 * ### Hertfordshire Constabulary's Op Mantis team, which is dedicated to tackling County Lines drug gangs, led the warrants.

 * ### Six people have been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.

 * ### A seventh person has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Six people have been charged with offences following warrants carried out in Stevenage, Letchworth and London on Wednesday (November 21).

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Op Mantis team, which is dedicated to tackling County Lines drug gangs, carried out the morning warrants at six addresses.

They were supported by officers from Operation Scorpion, the Safer Neighbourhood and Operational Support Group teams.

The following people have been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and appeared before Hatfield Remand Court yesterday (Thursday) where they were remanded in custody:

 * Julian Borja, aged 29, of Dongola Road, London
 * Jack Dempsey, aged 19, of Lines Road, Stevenage

They will appear at St Albans Crown Court on January 7, 2019.

A further four people have also been charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and have been bailed to attend Stevenage Magistrates' Court on December 27. They are:

 * Joseph Speed, aged 23, of Cresset Road, London
 * Jamie Howard, aged 19, of High Avenue, Letchworth
 * A 15 year old boy from Stevenage
 * A 17 year old boy from Stevenage

A 27 year old man, who was also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, has been released under investigation while enquires continue.

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood team have been out talking to local residents to offer reassurance following yesterday's warrants.

Chief Inspector for Stevenage, Alicia Shaw explained: "I want to reassure local residents that we are committed to tackling the issue of drug related crime in our town. We know this can have an extremely detrimental effect on the lives of those who live in the community and this is not acceptable.

"The residents of Stevenage play a key role in providing us with information about gang and drug activity and I would urge anyone who believes this type of crime is happening in their neighbourhood to report it to us. Your information will help to build our intelligence picture so that we can take action like we have done this week."

Local MP for Stevenage, Stephen McPartland added: "The police have sent out a strong message that Stevenage is not a soft touch. A lot of activity has gone on behind the scenes over many months to break up a number of criminal activities.

"I know it can be frustrating when the public report an issue and feel it is not being dealt with quickly. I feel that frustration, but we have to balance that against gathering the intelligence required to tackle these criminals. I am proud of the work the Police are currently doing to make Stevenage safe."

Anyone with information about drug activity in Stevenage is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
