```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four people were arrested and a quantity of cannabis was seized following a warrant in Watford.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2018
title: Four arrests following warrant in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrests-following-warrant-in-watford-0574c
```

* ### A quantity of cannabis was seized during the operation.

 * ### Four people have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * ### The warrant was part of on-going work by police to tackle drug dealing and associated criminality.

Four people were arrested and a quantity of cannabis was seized following a warrant in Watford.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood and Scorpion teams executed the warrant at an address in Foxhill on Wednesday morning (July 25).

A search of the property was carried out, with assistance from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit and a quantity of cannabis was located.

Four people from the town were arrested on suspicion of supplying a class B drug; three 17-year-old boys and a 57-year-old woman.

All four have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A subsequent search of a second address in the town located a further quantity of cannabis.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Ellie Berry said: "The using and supplying of controlled drugs can have a huge impact on local communities, making people feel unsafe and uncomfortable. We take these concerns seriously and will continue to do everything we can to target those who are suspected of being involved in such activity.

"If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please report it so that we can gather the evidence we need to take appropriate action."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
