```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following robbery -Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-Borehamwood
```

* ### Appeal following armed robbery at Morrisons in Borehamwood.

 * ### The offender made off with document wallets containing used vouchers.

 * ### No-one was harmed during the incident.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Borehamwood.

At around 11.15pm on Monday, November 13, a man armed with a knife entered Morrisons in Stirling Way and demanded cash.

He then grabbed a number of document wallets containing used vouchers from a trolley before making off from the store. He turned onto Barnet Lane and headed to the Farriers estate.

No-one was harmed during the incident.

The offender is described as a black man, around 6ft tall and of large build. He was wearing a dark coloured hooded jacket, scarf, dark bottoms and trainers.

Detective Constable Chris Payne said: "We believe that the offender may have visited the store earlier in the evening, so I'm appealing for anyone who was in Morrisons on Monday evening and believes they saw a man matching the description acting suspiciously to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Payne via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J1/17/4852 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
