```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives have released CCTV images of a man and woman they would like to speak to, as officers believe they could help with their enquiries into a theft in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 18 Jun 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a theft in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-a-theft-in-Hatfield-0394b
```

* ### Officers would like to identify man seen on CCTV.

 * ### Detectives are investigating a theft in Hatfield where a wallet was stolen.

 * ### If you have any information please call 101, quoting crime reference 41/45968/19.

Detectives have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to, as officers believe they could help with their enquiries into a theft in Hatfield.

Between 4pm and 5pm on Wednesday May 22, a man had his wallet - which contained cash and cards - stolen from a David Lloyd gym in Mosquito Way.

Transactions were then made on card/s from the stolen wallet later the same day, (May 22) at the following stores:

 * 5.36pm at Sella Supermarket in Parkhouse Court.
 * 5.46pm at CEX in The Galleria, Comet Way.
 * 6pm at Sports Direct in The Galleria, Comet Way.
 * 6.10pm at Superdrug in The Galleria, Comet Way.
 * 18.34pm at The Co-op in Bishops Rise.

PC Gav Richardson from the Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "We'd like to speak to the man pictured, as we believe he was in the area around the time of the incident and may have information that can assist our investigation.

"If you recognise him or have any information that could help us please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Richardson via email at _gavin.richardson@herts.pnn.police.uk_ _,_ report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here:_herts.police.uk/contact _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ crime reference 41/45968/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
