```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary has recently welcomed 11 new officers to the force as part of the Police Now graduate recruitment scheme and they will begin their first shifts from today (Tuesday 8 October).
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary welcomes 11 new officers as part of graduate scheme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabulary-welcomes-11-new-officers-as-part-of-graduate-scheme-0867
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary has recently welcomed 11 new officers to the force as part of the Police Now graduate recruitment scheme.

 * ### They will begin their first shifts from today (Tuesday 8 October).

 * ### The Police Now recruitment scheme aims to help improve community safety and break the intergenerational cycle of crime in challenging areas.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has recently welcomed 11 new officers to the force as part of the Police Now graduate recruitment scheme and they will begin their first shifts from today (Tuesday 8 October).

Friends and family gathered at Police Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on Friday 27 September to watch the new recruits graduate from the scheme and become fully warranted police officers.

The Police Now recruitment scheme was launched in 2015 and aims to help improve community safety and break the intergenerational cycle of crime in challenging areas, by recruiting bright and ambitious university graduates.

This year is the third time that the Constabulary has participated in the scheme.

Officers in this year's cohort have degrees in a wide variety of subjects including Outdoor Leadership and Management, Criminology, Civil Engineering, Psychology and Sports Development and Coaching. Many of the officers have had previous careers in areas including the prison service, construction, the media and retail.

The graduation ceremony at Headquarters was attended by Deputy Chief Constable Michelle Dunn and Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd, who both gave speeches welcoming them to the Constabulary and emphasising the importance of their new careers.

The following recruits will begin their first shift on frontline duties starting from today. They will all be working as Safer Neighbourhood officers.

 * PC Abigail Devane who will be based at Hertsmere
 * PC Natalie Fraser who will be based at Dacorum
 * PC Vlad Frolov who will be based at Welwyn Hatfield
 * PC Mike Holland who will be based at Stevenage
 * PC Manmeet Kaur who will be based at Welwyn Hatfield
 * PC Amy Lodge-Gray who will be based at St Albans
 * PC Fahamida Miah who will be based at Dacorum
 * PC Jessica Tanseli who will be based at Watford
 * PC Rory Farmer who will be based at Watford
 * PC Kirsty Smith who will be based at Broxbourne
 * PC Mark Williams who will be based at Stevenage

Syndicate Lead Sergeant Chris Rutter said: "The officers have been through vigorous training and have met every challenge with determination and enthusiasm. I have no doubt that they will be an asset to the Constabulary and will be committed to keeping the people of Hertfordshire safe. I would like to thank them for all their hard work so far and I wish them all the best in their policing service."

Mr Lloyd said: "I promised extra police officers as part of this year's raise in the Council Tax precept and it is great to see these new officers joining Hertfordshire.

"The projects they will lead in neighbourhood policing will strengthen ties with their local communities and make a real difference to people's lives."

If you feel inspired to start a career in policing, you can find out more on the following websites:

 * Police Officers
 * Candidates for our Accelerated Detective Constables Programme
 * Police Community Support Officers
 * Special Constables
 * Communications Operators (working in the Force Communications Room) -
