```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "East Herts Volunteer Police Cadets have added to their ever-growing collection of awards, scooping a prestigious accolade at the National Crimebeat awards in London and a second High Sheriff\u2019s award."
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: East Herts Police Cadets add to awards haul
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/east-herts-police-cadets-add-to-awards-haul-2756a
```

* ### The cadets received the awards for their Achieve Care project.

 * ### It was the first time the cadets had been represented in the finals.

 * ### The High Sheriff's Award was their second in three years.

East Herts Volunteer Police Cadets have added to their ever-growing collection of awards, scooping a prestigious accolade at the National Crimebeat awards in London and a second High Sheriff's award.

National Crimebeat is the youth crime prevention charity of the High Sheriffs' Association. Its esteemed annual awards ceremony recognises the most innovative and successful crime prevention projects carried out by young people, aged between five and 25, across England and Wales.

Finalists can only be nominated by their local High Sheriff and it was the first time in the event's history that Hertfordshire's police cadets had been represented at the event.

As part of the process for these awards, they had to present to an audience of High Sheriffs, Lord Lieutenants and Chief Constables, including Hertfordshire's Charlie Hall.

At the ceremony on Wednesday (March 13), the team's hard work paid off when they were presented with the High Sheriff's award for their Achieve Care project, which aims to tackle social isolation amongst elderly residents living in East Herts. The award is only given out every few years.

They also beat hundreds of nominees to come joint second in the overall 'Adult-Led' award.

Chief Inspector Luke Whinnett, who leads the East Herts Cadets alongside Detective Constable Rob Scott, said: "The National Crimebeat Awards were a great experience and the cadets did amazingly well, especially considering this was the first time Hertfordshire's cadets had been represented in the finals.

"And our week just got better from there after we won yet another High Sheriff's Award - our second in three years. Both Rob and I could not be more proud."

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities. The Hertford and Ware group launched in June 2015 and has since expanded to Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth.

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "The Volunteer Police Cadet programme in East Herts continues to go from strength to strength and these awards are thoroughly deserved. I'd like to say a big thank you to Detective Constable Rob Scott and Chief Inspector Luke Whinnett, as well as PCSO Tea Prow and all the many cadet leaders and volunteers who give up their time to make this all possible."
