```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man who made off from police driving up to 70mph in a 30mph zone after carrying out a burglary at his ex- partner\u2019s home has been sentenced to a total of 21 months in prison."
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2018
title: Man jailed for burglary, harassment and making off from police
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-burglary-harassment-and-making-off-from-police-1933C
```

* ### Thomas Wong made off from police after officers attempted to stop him in connection with a burglary in Watford.

 * ### He reached speeds of up to 70mph in residential areas before police were able to use their vehicles to box him in.

 * ### Once arrested Wong refused to give a breath sample when asked to do so by officers.

 * ### Wong had stolen a Sony music system during a burglary at his ex-partner's home and had made several threatening phone calls to her.

A man who made off from police driving up to 70mph in a 30mph zone after carrying out a burglary at his ex- partner's home has been sentenced to a total of 21 months in prison.

Police attempted to stop Thomas Wong in Pinner Road, Watford on Thursday, August 16 after reports of a burglary at an address in the Holywell area of Watford.

He drove off reaching speeds of up to 70mph in a residential area and jumping red traffic lights. The pursuit lasted around five minutes before officers were able to box him in using their vehicles in Ruislip.

Wong, aged 31, of Brook Avenue in Wembley, was arrested for failing to stop and dangerous driving. A Sony music system that he had stolen from the property was found in the car along with tools. He was further arrested on suspicion of burglary.

At the police station, Wong, who smelt of alcohol, failed to give a breath sample when asked to do so and was arrested on suspicion of failing to provide a sample.

While on bail for these offences, Wong breached his conditions, by calling his victim several times on August 17 into the early hours of the following day making threats to harm her. He was arrested on suspicion of harassment.

He was subsequently charged with:

 * Burglary on August 16.
 * Driving dangerously in a public place.
 * Failing without reasonable excuse to provide a specimen of breath for analysis.
 * Harassment.

Wong was remanded in custody until appearing at St Albans Crown Court on 24th September where he pleaded guilty to all offences.

Yesterday (Tuesday, October 16) at St Albans Crown Court Wong was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment for burglary, 12 months imprisonment for dangerous driving and two months imprisonment for harassment all to be served consecutively. His sentence was reduced by 25 per cent for his early guilty plea. Wong was also banned from driving for 24 months and made subject of an indefinite restraining order banning him from contacting his ex-partner.

PC Alex Akers, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit, said: "Within hours of being released on bail Wong was breaching his conditions by repeatedly calling his ex-partner and leaving threatening voicemail messages causing her distress and showing a complete disregard for the criminal justice system.

"Wong also put members of the public at risk when he refused to stop for police and drove at high speeds in residential areas. Thankfully no-one was injured and officers were able to stop the pursuit fairly quickly by boxing him in.

 * Anyone affected by domestic abuse can visit or call the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline on 08 088 088 088 for free information, advice and support. The helpline is open weekdays 9am-9pm and weekends 9am-4pm. In an emergency, always call 999.

###

Thomas Wong
