```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to more than four years in prison for an assault and possession of a knife in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2018
title: Man sentenced for Waltham Cross knife offence
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-for-Waltham-Cross-knife-offence
```

* ### A man has been jailed for assaulting another man in a supermaket in Waltham Cross.

 * ### During the incident he produced a knife and attempted to stab the victim, who suffered injuries to his hands.

 * ### Chief Inspector Ian Butler said officers have been working 'extremely hard' to target those who carry knives.

A man has been sentenced to more than four years in prison for an assault and possession of a knife in Waltham Cross.

Jay Barlow, aged 21 and of High Street in Ware, was sentenced on Friday, July 13 at St Albans Crown Court after pleading guilty to GBH and possession of a bladed article (knife). He was sentenced to 45 months for GBH and nine months for possession of a weapon (consecutive).

The incident occurred on June 8 when Barlow assaulted another man in a supermarket in Waltham Cross, following an earlier argument. During the assault Barlow produced a knife and attempted to stab the victim, who suffered defensive wounds to his hands.

Chief Inspector for Broxbourne Ian Butler said: "We have been working extremely hard to target those individuals carrying knives in the borough and deter those from outside the area bringing them here.

"We have already made a number of key arrests and this sentencing should send a message that knives will not be tolerated in Broxbourne and if you use one you will be caught and can expect a substantial amount of prison time."

 * If you are worried that someone you know may be carrying a knife or are affected by knife crime yourself, there is information, help and support available at www.knifefree.co.uk.
