```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an allegation of burglary in Hitchin have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2018
title: CCTV appeal following alleged burglary in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-alleged-burglary-in-Hitchin-1856G
```

* ### Do you recognise this person? Police would like to speak to them as part of enquiries into an alleged burglary.

 * ### It allegedly happened in Bucklersbury, Hitchin, on Sunday, January 14.

 * ### If you know them, please call 101 quoting crime reference G1/18/160.

Officers investigating an allegation of burglary in Hitchin have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened at Scissum Hairdressers on Bucklersbury just after 3.30am on Sunday, January 14.

Offender(s) allegedly used a brick to smash the front window of the premises before entering the shop, taking a red iPad and making off.

Detective Constable Simon Goodship, who is investigating, said: "I appreciate this image is not the best quality, but perhaps you recognise this person via their clothing? If you think you know them, please contact us as soon as possible."

If you know the person pictured, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email, report information online or call 101, quoting crime reference number G1/18/160.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * **A 30-year-old man from Letchworth Garden City has been arrested on suspicion of burglary in connection with this incident. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.**

CCTV image
