```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Sawbridgeworth are releasing CCTV images of three people they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2019
title: Burglary in Sawbridgeworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-in-sawbridgeworth-2576a
```

* ### The incident occurred at a pub in Sawbridgeworth.

 * ### Cash and a ring were stolen.

 * ### Officers would like to speak with the people pictured for help with their investigation.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Sawbridgeworth are releasing CCTV images of three people they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

The incident occurred at The Bull pub, in Cambridge Road, at around 12.30pm on Tuesday, February 12, when an unknown man was discovered in the upstairs residential area.

After being confronted, he attempted to make off in a vehicle with two other men. The vehicle broke down and the men fled on foot.

It was then discovered that cash and a ring had been taken.

Police would like to speak with the people pictured as they may have information which could assist enquiries.

Anyone who recognises them, or has information about the thefts, should contact Detective Constable Dieter Sweeting via email to dieter.sweeting@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/12411/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
