```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Residents in Welwyn Hatfield are being urged to share their views on local policing as the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) get ready to choose the next three months\u2019 policing priorities."
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020
title: Have your say on policing in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-policing-in-welwyn-hatfield-0622
```

* ### The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) are getting ready to choose the next three months' policing priorities

 * ### Residents are urged to voice their opinions using echo at www.bit.ly/police-welhat

 * ### Throughout October on Facebook, the team will be sharing the work they've undertaken in response to echo feedback

Residents in Welwyn Hatfield are being urged to share their views on local policing as the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) get ready to choose the next three months' policing priorities.

The Welwyn Hatfield SNT are tasked with fixing short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour. They work closely with local partners including the council and schools to achieve this.

Every three months, the team set out three priorities each across the wards that make up Welwyn Hatfield.*

Residents are being encouraged to use the Constabulary's Community Voice platform echo to share their views about the policing priorities. Not only will the feedback help to form the new priorities, but throughout October, the team will be hosting virtual "You Said, We Did" events on Facebook to demonstrate the work being done to tackle the issues that are submitted by the public on echo.

Inspector Kash Hussain said: "We want to make sure that your voice is heard when we set the new priorities, so please, if there is something that is bothering you, let us know by using echo. Simply go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say. The deadline is Friday 18 September and we will then choose the new priorities which will be publicised in due course.

"The feedback you submit to us on echo is really important and throughout October we'll be sharing the work that we've undertaken to tackle your concerns. Every Sunday in October, the team will be posting their results on our Facebook page www.facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice. So, if there's something you want us to fix, let us know! It's our job to keep you safe and ensure that Welwyn Hatfield remains a safe and pleasant place that we're proud to call home."

You can report information or intelligence online at herts.police.uk/report or by speaking to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. You can also call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

_ _

*Welwyn Hatfield North - Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger

Welwyn Hatfield South - Hollybush, Cuffley, Howlands, Northaw, Hatfield East, Hatfield South, Welham Green, Brookmans Park and Little Heath

Welwyn Hatfield West - Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire
