```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We have released a CCTV image of a man who may be able to help us with enquiries into a theft from a motor vehicle in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft from a motor vehicle in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-from-a-motor-vehicle-in-borehamwood-1110
```

* ### A cctv image has been released as we investigate a theft from a motor vehicle in Borehamwood.

 * ### The incident took place around 12.30pm on Wednesday 13 November.

 * ### Call 101 and quote 41/102533/19 if you can assist with the investigation.

We have released a CCTV image of a man who may be able to help with our enquiries into a theft from a motor vehicle in Borehamwood.

The incident happened around 12.30pm on Wednesday 13 November in the Borehamwood Retail Park car park.

The victim had withdrawn a sum of money from a bank and put it in his Range Rover.

The vehicle was left for a short time and when the victim returned to it a window had been smashed and the money had been taken.

PCSO Barry Lovegrove said: "We'd like to identify the man in this image and speak to him about this incident.

"If you recognise him, or have information about what happened, please get in touch on the non-emergency number 101 or by emailing me at _barry.lovegrove@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , quoting crime reference 41/102533/19.

"I'm also appealing to other witnesses who may have seen anything suspicious at the location around this time as this incident took place in the middle of the day at a busy retail park."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
