```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "An operation was held in Waltham Cross as part of Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s continuing work to tackle violent crime in the county."
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2019
title: Knife arch operation in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife-arch-operation-in-waltham-cross-0757
```

* ### The operation was at Waltham Cross bus station and Theobalds Grove railway station.

 * ### It was held on Monday 9 September.

 * ### Hertfordshire will be taking part in next week's national knife amnesty, Operation Sceptre.

An operation was held in Waltham Cross as part of Hertfordshire Constabulary's continuing work to tackle violent crime in the county.

Officers were at Waltham Cross bus station and Theobalds Grove railway station on Monday (9 September) with the assistance of British Transport Police, revenue inspectors, dog handlers and the Safer Neighbourhood Team, along with local authority partners and Park Guard.

The operation saw a knife arch in place which more than 50 members of the public passed through.

No knives were discovered during the operation.

Officers did assist as four people were dealt with by the revenue teams for travelling without a valid ticket.

Chief Inspector Craig Flint said: "Operations such as these are instrumental in frustrating traveling criminality who use the rail networks to come into our borough and offend in our communities.

"Promoting a unified front with the rail operators shows we are targeting those who come to Broxbourne for nefarious reasons. We are committed to ensuring that our borough remains a safe place to live, work and visit and my officers will work proactively with partners in this type of operation to deter criminality on our streets."

PC Mark Gardner from Operation Scorpion, the proactive team which led the operation, added: "It was encouraging that no knives were discovered during the operation and we were pleased to receive positive feedback from members of the public who were grateful for the police presence."

Hertfordshire is joining forces across the country in taking part in next week's national knife amnesty, Operation Sceptre.

Between 16 and 22 September knives can be surrendered anonymously at various locations around the county.

There are two permanent knife bins located in Waltham Cross at Theobalds Grove railway station and on Monarchs Way.
