```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Great Amwell.
publish:
  date: 9 Jun 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following sexual assault in Great Amwell
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-sexual-assault-in-great-amwell-0198
```

* ### The incident occurred in St John's Lane.

 * ### A woman was touched inappropriately by a man while she was out jogging.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Great Amwell.

The incident occurred in St John's Lane, at around 10.30am today (Monday 8 June).A 19-year-old woman out jogging when she was approached by a man somewhere between The George pub and St John the Baptist Church.

The man started to make small talk with her before asking for her phone number. When she declined, he then touched her inappropriately over her clothing. The woman ran off to seek help from members of the public and the man did not follow.

The suspect is described as a black male, aged approximately 25 to 30 years old, around 5ft 5in tall, bald and of slim build. He was wearing a dark green zip up jacket and dark blue skinny jeans.

Detective Sergeant Sam Alcock, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The location of the incident is fairly rural so it is likely there would have been few people around at the time and anyone who was in the area would have been noticed. If you saw what happened, or believe you may have seen someone in the area matching the description given, please get in contact with us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/44554/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
