```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2018
title: Inappropriate touching in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/inappropriate-touching-in-hemelhempstead-2077D
```

* ### The incident occurred in an alleyway.

 * ### A 17-year-old boy was touched inappropriately.

 * ### Detectives are keen to trace a dog walker who may have information which could assist the enquiry.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.

At around 6.15pm on Thursday, November 8, a 17-year-old boy was walking through an alleyway, between Mark Road and Briary Way, when he was approached by someone who asked him for directions.

The person, who is believed to be male, then tried to engage the victim in conversation before touching him inappropriately.

The victim pushed the offender away and continued walking through the alleyway.

The offender followed before stopping to talk to a man walking a dog.

The suspect is described as being of Chinese origin, aged in their 30s, around 5ft 6in tall, of stocky build, with black hair. They spoke with an English accent and were wearing a black jacket and black trousers and carrying a long, green striped umbrella.

Investigator Deborah Newsham, from the Hemel Hempstead Local Crime Unit said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have information about this person, or the incident itself, to please contact me.

"I am particularly keen to trace the man who was walking the dog. If you can help, please call us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Hemel Hempstead Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/54650/18. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
