```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are hoping to identify the owner of a gold ring that was recovered in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 30 Dec 2019
title: Do you recognise this ring that was recovered in Rickmansworth?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-this-ring-that-was-recovered-in-rickmansworth-1224
```

* ### A ring was recovered following an investigation into a theft in Watford.

 * ### The ring is described as a gold solitaire ring, with a single diamond in the centre.

 * ### Officers are hoping to reunite the owner with their jewellery.

Officers are hoping to identify the owner of a gold ring that was recovered in Rickmansworth.

The ring was seized following an investigation into a theft that took place in Watford Road, Croxley Green.

PC Pippa Mason, who is investigating the case, said: "We're releasing an image of the ring that we have recovered as we hope that someone might recognise it. We'd like to reunite the owner with their jewellery, which we think could be of high sentimental value.

"As pictured, it's a solitaire ring - a plain gold band, with a single diamond in the centre. Maybe you've seen this ring recently, or you've been offered it for sale? If you do recognise it, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Mason directly via email at philippa.mason@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/107348/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.

 * A 36 year old woman from Abbots Langley has been arrested on suspicion of theft. She has currently been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
