```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected ammunition was recovered after warrants were carried out in Mill End, Rickmansworth, this morning (Wednesday, August 8).
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2018
title: Two arrests following warrants in Mill End
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrests-following-warrants-in-mill-end-1632C
```

* ### Warrants were carried out at two addressed in Curtis Close.

 * ### A quantity of suspected ammunition was seized.

 * ### Two people have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected ammunition was recovered after warrants were carried out in Mill End, Rickmansworth, this morning (Wednesday, August 8).

Officers executed the section 8 search warrant, under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, at two addresses in Curtis Close.

It was a multi-team approach involving resources from the Safer Neighbourhood, Intervention and Scorpion teams across Three Rivers and Watford.

The ammunition was seized and will be sent off for examination.

Two people were arrested on suspicion of possession of ammunition without a certificate and remain in police custody at this time:

 * A 24-year-old man from Luton
 * A 19-year-old woman from Rickmansworth

Closure notices have now been put in place by Three Rivers District Council, which prohibit anyone but the respective homeowners entering the addresses, and full Closure Orders are now being sought.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Nick Lillitou said: "Today's operation shows that we will act on intelligence to deal with those who are suspected of being involved in criminality. I hope it sends a clear message that we will use any means available to us to bring people to justice and improve the quality of life for residents who may have been detrimentally affected by this kind of behaviour.

"We welcome the support of Three Rivers District Council in applying for the Closure Orders, and the support of Thrive Homes in making these applications. Three Rivers Community Safety Partnership will continue to adopt a joint approach to such matters.

"If you suspect criminal activity in your neighbourhood, please report it so that we can gather the evidence and intelligence we need to take appropriate action alongside our partners."

Anyone with information can contact the non-emergency number 101 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
