```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Proactive police patrols have been carried out in Stevenage in recent weeks to combat vehicle related anti-social behaviour (ASB).
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2018
title: Police patrols to combat anti-social driving in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-patrols-to-combat-anti-social-driving-in-Stevenage
```

* ### Officers have been carrying out patrols to target vehicle related anti-social behaviour in Stevenage.

 * ### Police have received several calls from the public reporting vehicles speeding or being driven anti-socially.

 * ### Complaints include noise pollution from loud exhausts and inconsiderate driving around the town's dual carriageways.

 * ### The Road Policing Unit and the Safer Neighbourhood Team are committed to disrupting this type of activity.

Proactive police patrols have been carried out in Stevenage in recent weeks to combat vehicle related anti-social behaviour (ASB).

Police have received several calls from members of the public reporting vehicles speeding or being driven anti-socially in the Stevenage South area.

Complaints include noise pollution from loud exhausts and inconsiderate driving around the town's dual carriageways such as Broadhall Way, Monkswood Way and Gunnells Wood Road.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Nic Achilleos said: "Anti-social driving causes a nuisance to the local community and can present a danger to other road users.

"We have listened to the concerns of residents and made it a local priority to tackle this kind of behaviour. By utilising resources from our Road Policing Unit to support the Safer Neighbourhood Team, we have been able to disrupt activity and make arrests where necessary.

"We will continue to carry out this action to ensure that residents and road users stay safe in Stevenage."

As part of the operation, a 22-year-old man from the town was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs yesterday evening (Thursday, August 2). He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

If you witness anti-social driving, please report it via the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.
