```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a sexual assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2018
title: Appeal following sexual assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-Stevenage-0565
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information after a woman was sexually assaulted in Stevenage.

 * ### The victim was touched inappropriately by a man as she walked along Monkswood Way.

 * ### The offender is described as a white man, aged in his late 40s, around 5ft 8in tall, of average build with a bald head and round face. He was wearing dark green shorts and possibly black work safety boots and had a backpack.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Daniel Cook.

Officers investigating a sexual assault in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 10.15pm on Tuesday (July 24), the victim- an 18 year old woman - was walking along Monkswood Way when, just prior to the traffic lights at the junction with Asda, a man approached her and touched her inappropriately. The offender then made off towards McDonalds.

He is described as being white, aged in his late 40s, around 5ft 8in tall, of average build with a bald head and round face. He was wearing dark green shorts and possibly black work safety boots and had a backpack.

PC Daniel Cook, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area around the time stated and believes they saw the incident or may have information that could help our investigation to please get in touch.

"In particular I would like to speak to a group of teenagers who were nearby and may have information that can help. I'd also like to speak to two men who drove past the victim in a silver coupe-style car and turned into the Asda car park just before the assault occurred as they may have seen the offender."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Daniel Cook by emailing daniel.cook@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/21217/18, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
