```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an alleged sexual assault in Cheshunt are trying to trace a man who may have information which could assist their on-going enquiries.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2018
title: Appeal to trace witness following sexual assault in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-witness-following-sexual-assault-in-cheshunt-0569k
```

* ### Police are trying to trace a man who may have witnessed the incident or events leading up to it.

 * ### The victim is being given support from specialist officers as the investigation continues.

 * ### A boy has been arrested in connection with the incident and released under investigation.

Police investigating an alleged sexual assault in Cheshunt are trying to trace a man who may have information which could assist their on-going enquiries.

Between 11am and midday on Saturday, May 5, a teenage girl was reportedly assaulted in an alleyway between Hobbs Close and the A10.

PC Narinder Padda, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team (SOIT), said: "The victim is being supported by specially trained officers at this time while we continue our enquiries into what happened.

"It has come to light that a white man, believed to be aged in his 30s, walked through the alleyway just prior to the incident taking place. I am appealing for him to come forward as he may have witnessed what happened. I appreciate the incident happened a little while ago now but, if you believe this was you, please get in contact with us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Padda via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/4809/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

* A 13-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the incident and released under investigation while enquiries continue.
