```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested as well as weapons and drugs seized after a warrant was executed in Hemel Hempstead this morning (Friday 19 June).
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: Two arrested following drugs warrant in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-following-drugs-warrant-in-hemel-hempstead-0240
```

* ### Two arrested plus drugs and weapons seized following dawn drugs raise

 * ### Officers forced entry to an address on Waveney in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### They seized class A drugs, cash and weapons

Two people were arrested as well as weapons and drugs seized after a warrant was executed in Hemel Hempstead this morning (Friday 19 June).

Officers from the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, supported by colleagues from the Dacorum Operation Scorpion Team, entered an address in Waveney just after 6.30am under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984.

They searched the property, in the Grovehill area of the town, and recovered a large quantity of suspected class A drugs (heroin), drug paraphernalia, cash and mobile phones.

They also seized a number of weapons including a samurai sword, two lock knives and a knuckle duster.

A 46 year old man and a 48 year old woman, both from Hemel Hempstead, were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. They are currently in police custody.

PC Sam Carroll, from the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Today we have achieved a positive result and disrupted crime by removing illegal drugs and weapons from the street, and making two arrests.

"We know the activity at this property has been having a hugely detrimental effect on the lives of those living in the vicinity, so we hope today's high-visibility police presence reassures the community that we will not hesitate to take action.

"Cracking down on drug crime continues to be a priority for us throughout the coronavirus pandemic and we would like to assure the public that we will continue to recorded and act on intelligence received. We will not hesitate to take robust and appropriate action where necessary.

"Drugs can often be the pre-cursor to more violent crime and the neighbours of those involved in this type of criminality can often suffer the effects of associated anti-social behaviour.

"Let us be clear: no one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour in their community. I would urge the public to keep reporting information to us because we are still here, and we are listening. Will not be complacent; our goal continues to be removing criminals from your streets and keeping you safe."

If you have information about suspected criminality in your neighbourhood, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
