```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been sentenced at St Albans Crown Court following a stabbing in Stevenage in earlier this year.
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2020
title: Two sentenced following Stevenage stabbing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-sentenced-following-stevenage-stabbing-0771
```

* ### On Sunday 16 February 2020, a 21 year old man was found bleeding from an injury to his leg

 * ### A 17 year old boy has been sentenced to seven years and nine months in prison after pleading guilty to Section 18 GBH

 * ### A 16 year old boy pleaded guilty to Section 20 GBH and was released on a supervision order with curfews after serving seven months on remand

Two people have been sentenced at St Albans Crown Court following a stabbing in Stevenage in earlier this year.

At around 7pm on Sunday 16 February, a 21 year old man was found in the Tesco car park at The Forum bleeding from an injury to his leg. His injury was initially considered life-threatening and he was taken to the Lister Hospital where he underwent surgery.

An extensive police investigation ensued and just two days later, a 16 year old boy and a 17 year old boy - both from Hitchin - were arrested in connection with the incident. They were subsequently charged and remanded into custody.

The 17 year old boy has now been sentenced to seven years and nine months in prison after pleading guilty to Section 18 GBH. The judge acknowledged him as being a dangerous offender despite his young age. It was also recognised that he had not learned his lesson, having been found in possession of a bladed article upon arrest and this was incorporated in his sentence.

The 16 year old pleaded guilty to Section 20 GBH. Due to already serving seven months on remand, the judge released him on a supervision order with curfews.

A High Sheriff's award has also been awarded to a quick-thinking witness who used their own belt to make a tourniquet. This will be presented in a ceremony at a later date.

Detective Constable Jen Wilson, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a nasty, unprovoked attack on a vulnerable young male and the result should be a deterrent to anyone thinking about carrying a knife. Hertfordshire Constabulary simply will not tolerate knife crime and we will always do all we can to convict knife crime offenders and get justice for victims.

"My thoughts remain with the victim of the assault as he begins to rebuild his life and I hope this result provides some closure for him."

If you have information about knife crime, you can report this online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
