```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have arrested and charged a man in Rowlandsfields, Cheshunt, on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2019
title: "Man charged after being stopped by Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion team"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-after-being-stopped-by-broxbournes-operation-scorpion-team-0779k
```

* ### A 33 year old man was arrested and charged on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

 * ### Ashley Mansaram was stopped by Operation Scorpion officers in Cheshunt.

 * ### He is currently remanded in custody and due to appear in court on 14 October.

Police have arrested and charged a man in Rowlandsfields, Cheshunt, on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Operation Scorpion officers arrested Ashley Mansaram, age 33, of Hillingdon Road, Watford, on Monday 9 September after it was believed he was in the process of dealing both heroin and cocaine.

A search of his property in Watford resulted in over £7,500 worth of items being seized under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

Operation Mantis - the specialist police team dedicated to tackling County Lines drug gangs - took over the investigation, and Mansaram was charged with being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and possession of criminal property. He is currently remanded in custody until his court date (14 October).

PC Ian Gould, from the Operation Scorpion team, said: "We regularly utilise various different tactics, such as unmarked police cars and plain-clothed officers, in order to proactively find those suspected of committing crime in our community.

"If you suspect someone is involved in criminality please let us know so we can take action. One phone call could be all that it takes to help us protect members of our community from harm."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
