```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "We are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace the owner of a dog which was sadly found dead on the A414 between Hemel Hempstead and St Albans on Saturday (9 January)."
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2021
title: Appeal to trace owner of dog found on A414
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-owner-of-dog-found-on-a414-1087df
```

* ### We are trying to trace the owners of a dog sadly found dead on the A414 between St Albans and Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### The female Akita was found on Saturday 9 January.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 117 of 9 January if you can help.

We are appealing for the public's help to trace the owner of a dog which was sadly found dead on the A414 between Hemel Hempstead and St Albans on Saturday (9 January).

The dog was a 9 month old female Akita.

PC Brian Evans, of the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We'd like to trace the owner of this Akita to firstly make them aware of the sad outcome and also speak with them about the circumstances of this incident.

"The dog was chipped and its breeder and original owners were traced to others parts of the country, however the animal had been sold on and attempts to contact the current owners have been unsuccessful.

"I would ask anyone who thinks they have information that may help with our enquiries to get in contact.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at brian.evans2@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 117 of 9 January.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
