```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A successful traffic operation, led by the Special Constabulary in Welwyn Hatfield, has resulted in eight vehicles being seized.
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2021
title: Special Constabulary operation sees eight vehicles seized in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-constabulary-operation-sees-eight-vehicles-seized-in-welwyn-hatfield-0002
```

* ### Eight Welwyn Hatfield Special Constables ran a traffic operation in Comet Way, Hatfield, targeting a variety of offences

 * ### Six traffic offence reports were issued for offences that included driving without insurance and vehicle defects

 * ### Eight vehicles were also seized

 * ### If you would like to join the Special Constabulary visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk

A successful traffic operation, led by the Special Constabulary in Welwyn Hatfield, has resulted in eight vehicles being seized.

Eight Welwyn Hatfield Special Constables ran a traffic operation in Comet Way, Hatfield, targeting a variety of offences, including the 'fatal four' - no seatbelts, drink/drug drivers, speeding, and mobile phone use.

The team was supported by regular officers as well as a Special Sergeant from the BCH Road Policing Unit. In total, the nine Special Constabulary officers contributed over 85 hours to the operation which took place on Saturday 20 March.

Special Inspector Matthew Wait said: "I'm pleased to report that the operation was a great success with 27 vehicles stopped. Six traffic offence reports were issued for offences that included driving without insurance or tax, vehicle defects, excess speed and not wearing a seatbelt.

"As well as plenty of words of advice, one defect rectification notice was issued and eight vehicles were seized. Officers also took the opportunity to engage with the public on the current COVID-19 rules, seeking to encourage and if necessary enforce legislation."

Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Kash Hussain said: "I am very grateful for the Special Constabulary's help, especially as one of our current policing priorities is vehicle-related nuisance along Comet Way. As well as the fatal four, operations like this are great opportunity to target travelling criminals using our roads.

"A lot of planning was put into organising this operation and it demonstrates the benefits and positive impact that joint working between the Special Constabulary and regular colleagues can achieve. Despite the lockdown measures, this does not mean that criminals using the roads will go unchecked. Motorists should continue ensuring the road worthiness of their vehicles and abide by traffic legislation and the new roadmap out of lockdown."

A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers. Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer their spare time for a minimum of 16 hours a month. They are highly trained and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime and keeping the communities of Hertfordshire safe.

You can find more information about Special Constables and the requirements of being one by visiting the FAQ on our website. If you're interested in becoming a Special Constable, please visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.
