```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are currently investigating a collision that took place in Ickleford yesterday afternoon (Thursday 19 September), and are asking for anyone who sees a grey VW Golf with the registration EK08 YZF to dial 999.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2019
title: Have you seen a grey VW Golf with a damaged windscreen?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-a-grey-vw-golf-with-a-damaged-windscreen-0796
```

* ### Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious collision in Ickleford

 * ### The vehicle is believed to have left the scene and was last seen on the A1M at South Mimms

 * ### Call 999 immediately if you believe you have seen the vehicle

Police are currently investigating a collision that took place in Ickleford yesterday afternoon (Thursday 19 September), and are asking for anyone who sees a grey VW Golf with the registration EK08 YZF to dial 999.

The car - which is thought to have windscreen damage - is believed to have left the scene of the collision, which happened just before 2.20pm, and headed in the direction of Letchworth.

This was following reports that a cyclist had been found lying in Arlesey Road with serious injuries. The cyclist, a man in his 60s, was taken to hospital where he remains this morning. His family have been informed.

It was last seen travelling southbound on the A1(M) at South Mimms. If you think you have seen this vehicle, please dial 999 immediately quoting Operation Dormer or ISR 357 of 19 September.

If you have any further information that could assist with the investigation, you can report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting log reference 357 of 19 September.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
