```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following incidents of stones or bricks being thrown at moving vehicles on the A414 between Hatfield and Hertford.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2021
title: Appeal following multiple incidents of stones/bricks thrown at vehicles - A414
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-multiple-incidents-of-stonesbricks-thrown-at-vehicles-a414-1068a
```

* ## Between Monday 4 and Tuesday 5 January, four vehicles were damaged on the A414 close to the roundabout junction for Essendon.

 * ## It is believed that stones or bricks were thrown at the vehicles.

 * ## If you can help call 101 or email PC Lee Rowson at lee.rowson@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following incidents of stones or bricks being thrown at moving vehicles on the A414 between Hatfield and Hertford.

The incidents all happened close to the roundabout junction for Essendon.

Between Monday 4 and Tuesday 5 January, four vehicles were damaged:

 * At around 5.10pm on Monday, a white Ford Fiesta was damaged, costing hundreds of pounds (crime reference 41/895/21)
 * At around 5.15pm on Monday, a black Volvo XC60 was damaged (crime reference 41/878/21)
 * Between 9.30pm and 9.40pm on Monday, a white Seat Ateca was damaged, costing hundreds of pounds (crime reference 41/970/21)
 * At around 9.40pm on Tuesday, a black Peugeot 207 was damaged (crime reference 41/1139/21)

PC Lee Rowson, from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "It's very lucky that there was not a serious collision resulting from this reckless behaviour.

"We are carrying out extensive enquiries to trace the offender(s) and I am urging the public to get in touch if they saw what happened or have information which might help.

"If you were driving along the A414 around the time of the incidents and you have a dash cam, please check it and get in touch if you spot anything that seems suspicious. Even the tiniest piece of information could prove to be vital in catching those responsible and stopping them from doing this again.

"Witnesses and those with information should call the non-emergency number 101 or email PC Lee Rowson quoting the relevant crime reference number."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo_and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
