```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers carried out a warrant at an address in Letchworth this morning (Friday, October 26) where three people were arrested.
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2018
title: Arrests following warrant in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Arrests-following-warrant-in-Letchworth-1984
```

Police carried out a warrant at an address in Letchworth this morning (Friday, October 26) where three people were arrested.

Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, who were supported by Operation Scorpion officers, entered the property in Rosemont Close under Section 8 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE).

They recovered a large quantity of suspected cannabis along with cash and three people were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class B drugs.

They are:

 * A 36 year old man from Letchworth.
 * A 31 year old man from Letchworth.
 * A 17 year old girl from Letchworth.

They all remain in police custody at this time. North Herts Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley said: "We will always act to disrupt and arrest those who we believe are involved in the supply of drugs.

"To do this we need the public to continue to provide us with as much information as possible about those they believe may be involved in drug dealing. This helps us to build an intelligence picture and take the appropriate action."

Anyone with information about drugs or drug-related activity can report it to police via the non-emergency number 101, or report it online at www.herts.police.uk/Report. If a crime is in progress always dial 999.

Those who would prefer to provide information anonymously can call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
