```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Due to the difficult driving conditions on the A41 the bypass has been completely closed in both directions between Hemel Hempstead and Bourne End.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2017
title: A41 full closure between Hemel Hempstead and Bourne End
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/A41-full-closure-between-Hemel-Hempstead-and-Bourne-End
```

* The A41 is closed in both directions between Hemel Hempstead and Bourne End.
 * More than 100 motorists are stuck on the bypass.
 * Emergency services are in attendance.
 * Stranded drivers are advised to stay with their vehicles.
 * If you are vulnerable or need assistance please speak to officers at the scene.
 * Motorists are urged not to ignore road closure signs.

Due to the difficult driving conditions on the A41 the bypass has been completely closed in both directions between Hemel Hempstead and Bourne End.

There are currently more than 100 vehicles stuck on the carriageway and emergency services are in attendance.

Despite the road being closed some motorists are still attempting to join the bypass which puts them and others at risk. Please avoid the A41 and adhere to all road closures that are currently in place across the county.

If you are currently stuck in your vehicle on the A41 please stay with your vehicle. If you are vulnerable or need assistance please speak to officers at the scene.

We will provide you with updates as and when we can.

**We 're issuing the following general advice during the extreme weather:**

 * Avoid non-essential journeys and only drive in heavy snow or icy conditions if you really have to.

 * At evening and morning peak commuting times employers and individuals should considering staggering their journeys.

 * If you have to travel you should reduce speeds, allow extra time for your journey and leave a greater distance between you and the car in front.

 * Motorists should also ensure windows and lights are clean and free from snow or ice cover before they set off.

 * You should ensure that you have warm weather proof clothing with you, as well as food and drink and, ideally, a shovel and torch.

During the period of adverse weather the demand on the emergency services understandably increases and people are asked to avoid contacting the police unless it is an emergency. Please consider using our range of online reporting options when contacting us about a non-emergency https://www.herts.police.uk/Report
