```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: St Albans Islamic Centre is hosting a career open day for Hertfordshire Constabulary, showcasing the range of recruitment opportunities on offer.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2019
title: Considering a career in policing? Find out more at our community open day
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Considering-a-career-in-policing-Find-out-more-at-our-community-open-day-0434f
```

* ### St Albans Islamic Centre is opening its doors to host our police careers open day.

 * ### The event takes place on Saturday 13 July from 2pm until 5pm.

 * ### This is your chance to talk to real people who work for the police and get an idea of what the organisation is all about.

St Albans Islamic Centre is hosting a career open day for Hertfordshire Constabulary, showcasing the range of recruitment opportunities on offer.

Anyone interested in a career in policing is invited to the event on Saturday 13 July from 2-5pm at St Albans Islamic Centre in Hatfield Road, St Albans.

The Force currently has a range of vacancies including:

 * **Police Officers** \- www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/police-officers
 * **Police Community Support Officers** \- www.hertspolicepcso.co.uk
 * **Special Constables** - www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk
 * **Communications Operators** (working in the Force Communications Room) - www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/communications-operators

Visitors will be able to find out more about what the different roles entail, gain valuable advice about the application process and speak with serving officers.

The Herts Association of Muslim Police and Vetting will also be there.

Superintendent Julie Wheatley, who leads the Constabulary's Workforce Development department, said: "It's the first time that the Islamic Centre has hosted an open afternoon for us and we're delighted to have the chance to reach out to people in the community. If you're considering a career in policing, this is the perfect opportunity to come along and find out more.

"During the afternoon, you'll be able to speak to officers and staff who are already doing the jobs that we're recruiting for and learn more about what the roles involve.

"There will also be advisors on hand to provide support on application writing answer any questions about the application process and eligibility criteria. We look forward to welcoming more potential new recruits on the day."

The event will take place at **St Albans Islamic Centre in Hatfield Road, St Albans AL1 4JX on Saturday 13 July between 2pm and 5pm**.
