```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men have been each sentenced to three years in prison for growing cannabis in a house in Radlett.
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020
title: Three sentenced for running cannabis factory in Radlett
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-sentence-for-running-cannabis-factory-in-Radlett-0629j
```

* ### Men sentenced in connection with cannabis factory in Radlett house

 * ### The three men were each given three years imprisonment

 * ### Contact us if you suspect drug related activity in your neighbourhood

Three men have been each sentenced to three years in prison for growing cannabis in a house in Radlett.

The warrant was executed by the Hertford Operational Support Group at the house in Newlands Avenue on 30 April 2020.

Upon executing the warrant, three men were found inside the property and arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a controlled drug (Class B - cannabis). Almost 700 plants were found inside the property and a large amount of cash was seized.

Andi Hasko (32), Maringen Hasko (25), and Redion Balla (26) were found guilty and sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 15 September to 36 months.

Acting Inspector for the Operational Support Group Jim Rounce said: "We acted on intelligence to carry out this warrant and were able to arrest those involved in its operation, ensuring the drugs did not get into public circulation.

"We often see large houses being rented to farm cannabis and so I would urge people to look out for the typical signs and contact police if they have any suspicions. Things to look out for are curtains permanently drawn and windows closed, people coming and going from the address at odd times of the day and night, the smell of cannabis, the noise of fans and condensation on windows."

"If you have any information about drug supply please report it, to help us build up the intelligence we need to take appropriate action."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
