```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision on the A1081 London Colney bypass in the early hours of today (Monday 8 June).
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal road traffic collision in London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-london-colney-194
```

* We are investigating a fatal road traffic collision on the A1081 London Colney bypass in the early hours of Monday 8 June.
 * Sadly the driver, a man in his 40s, died at the scene.
 * Please call 101 quoting Op Essay if you can help the investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision on the A1081 London Colney bypass in the early hours of today (Monday 8 June).

Police were called at 3.40am to reports that a white Peugeot Partner van had left the northbound carriageway and collided with a bridge support.

Officers and the East of England Ambulance Service attended but sadly the driver, a man in his 40s, was pronounced dead at the scene. His next of kin have been informed.

Sergeant Russell Jones, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the driver who sadly lost his life following this collision.

"We are investigating the circumstances of this incident and I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed it, has information that could help or has relevant dash cam footage to make contact with us.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who may have seen a white Peugeot Partner van driving in the area in the early hours of this morning.

"I can be contacted directly via email at russell.jones2@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting Op Essay.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
