```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are currently investigating three burglaries which occurred in the early hours of Sunday morning (October 14). In two of the incidents the male offender was disturbed by the occupants of the properties.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2018
title: Protect you home from Night Time Burglaries
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/protect-you-home-from-night-time-burglaries-1917E
```

* ### Insecure properties targeted by opportunist night time burglar.

 * ### Occupants of homes disturb offender.

 * ### Police appeal for residents to lock up properly at night.

Police in Stevenage are currently investigating three burglaries which occurred in the early hours of Sunday morning (October 14). In two of the incidents the male offender was disturbed by the occupants of the properties.

The first burglary occurred in Letchmore Road at around 4am. The occupants disturbed the offender who then left the property by the back door. Nothing appears to have been taken at this stage.

The second offence occurred in Lines Road at around 5am. Once again the offender was disturbed by the occupants and he fled out of the patio doors.

The third burglary occurred in Durham Road at around 6am. A laptop was taken from the kitchen, but no suspect was seen.

Inspector Simon Tabert said: "We believe that the offender was able to access at least two of these addresses due to insecurities. This highlights the importance of making sure that your home is properly secure when you go to bed at night. Although it is rare for properties to be entered when the occupants are at home, leaving windows and doors open or unlocked is clearly a green light for opportunist thieves.

"We are also appealing to anyone who saw any suspicious activity in these areas at around these times, to get in touch as soon as possible."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact DC Karen Dewar 101 or report online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

For further home security advice visit.
