```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "\u201CTwo teenage boys have been admitted to hospital suffering from the side effects of suspected Xanax use and there are reports of possibly an additional two other young people who have received treatment after being in contact with the drug in Potters Bar,\u201D said Hertsmere Neighbourhood Inspector Pete Edwards."
publish:
  date: 16 May 2018
title: Xanax warning to parents in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Xanax-warning-to-parents-in-Potters-Bar-0220PR
```

* ### Two teenage boys have been admitted to hospital suffering from the side effects of suspected Xanax use in Potters Bar.

 * ### Two men have been arrested in connection with Xanax.

 * ### Speak to your children about drugs and call police with any information about the drug being used or supplied.

"Two teenage boys have been admitted to hospital suffering from the side effects of suspected Xanax use and there are reports of possibly an additional two other young people who have received treatment after being in contact with the drug in Potters Bar," said Hertsmere Neighbourhood Inspector Pete Edwards.

A 15-year-old boy was admitted to hospital in April after becoming ill at home and a 14-year-old boy was admitted to hospital after collapsing in a youth club in March.

Insp Edwards said: "Although it is not believed to be a widespread problem at the moment, there have been a few isolated reports of suspected Xanax use recently in the town. We are working with parents and schools to try and make sure no other children suffer the effects of the anti-depressant, which is illegal to buy in this country."

Jordan Ricketts, aged 21, of Wayside in Potters Bar was arrested and charged in connection with possession of Xanax and cannabis. He pleaded guilty at court yesterday (Tuesday May 15) and was given a £120 fine and ordered to pay £85 costs and the drugs were confiscated. Another man aged 25 from Borehamwood was arrested for being unfit to drive because he was believed to be under the influence of Xanax after his moped collided with another motor vehicle in Shenley Road last week (May 8). He is currently under investigation.

Insp Edwards said: "The drug is debilitating, making the user sleepy with zombie-like effects or blackouts, making young people even more vulnerable. Please talk to your children about drugs and call us on 101 if you have any information about who may be supplying these drugs."

Xanax is a prescription only medicine called Alprazolam, prescribed for anxiety and panic attacks, however it is not available over the counter in this country. It is a Class C drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 however it can been obtained illegally from the internet. If your child is caught with the drug, they could be arrested and dealt with in court.

Anyone with any information about the drug being used or supplied can report it to police on 101 or online at www.herts.police.uk/report. You can also share your information anonymously with the independent charity Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111. For further information visit www.talktofrank.com.
