```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five teenage boys were directed to leave Rothamsted Park in Harpenden on Tuesday (14 July) after a dispersal order was put in place to help prevent crime and anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2020
title: Dispersal order to prevent crime and anti-social behaviour in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dispersal-order-to-prevent-crime-and-anti-social-behaviour-in-harpenden-0365f
```

* ## Police responded to reports that youths were behaving in an anti-social manner.

 * ## An order was put in place directing them to leave the area.

 * ## They were interviewed by officers in connection with drugs and public order offences.

Five teenage boys were directed to leave Rothamsted Park in Harpenden on Tuesday (14 July) after a dispersal order was put in place to help prevent crime and anti-social behaviour.

The order ran from 5.45pm until 1am on Wednesday, after Harpenden Neighbourhood Sergeant Jordon Fox responded to a report of a group of young people causing a disturbance in the park. It was reported that the group were throwing stones and being intimidating to other park users.

Colleagues from the Harpenden and St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Team assisted Sergeant Fox and the teenage boys were given notice to leave the park.

The boys were then interviewed with their parents or an appropriate adult, at Harpenden police station, in relation to possession of cannabis and public order offences. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

The section 35 dispersal order was authorised by a police Inspector under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2003 and covered the park up to Orchard Avenue, Amenbury Lane, Leyton Road and the Rothamsted estate.

Harpenden and Rural Neighbourhood Sergeant Jordon Fox, said: "Tackling anti-social behaviour at Rothamsted park is a current local safer neighbourhood priority for Harpenden, as a result of ongoing issues in the area.

"We used police powers to issue the order on Tuesday night, to help prevent further crime and disorder and to keep the park a safe place for everyone to enjoy.

"We will not tolerate this kind of behaviour as it has a negative impact on the local community and we will deal robustly with anyone, including young people, found to be causing a nuisance or committing any criminal offences."

Following feedback from residents, the Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood team have set their three neighbourhood priorities for the next three months.

The Harpenden neighbourhood priorities are:

 * Tackling drug use in local parks and associated anti-social behaviour.
 * Reducing fly-tipping across the rural areas.
 * Dealing with noise nuisance in the parks during the early hours.

The St Albans neighbourhood priorities are:

 * Reducing anti-social behaviour in Clarence Park, Granville Road and St Paul's Place.
 * Reducing criminal damage to motor vehicles in the Aboyne area.
 * High-visibility patrols in green spaces and retail centres to support social distancing and the evolving response to the Covid-19 pandemic.

The London Colney neighbourhood priorities are:

 * Reducing the anti-social use of motorbikes.
 * Reducing speeding vehicles, motorists using their mobile phone whilst driving and HGVs using restricted roads.
 * Reducing anti-social behaviour along the Alban Way, Longacres Park, Cell Barnes Lane and Curo Park in Frogmore.

Sergeant Fox added: "Please continue to let us know about any issues affecting your quality of life. You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately."

You can follow @ StAlbanspolice on Twitter and St Albans Police on Facebook for regular updates from the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/stalbans and have your say.
