```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault and theft in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault and theft in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-and-theft-in-waltham-cross-205
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought after a teenage boy was assaulted and had a scooter stolen in Waltham Cross.

 * ### The incident took place on Goff's Lane at around 5pm on Tuesday 26 May.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/41161/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault and theft in Waltham Cross.

The incident took place on Goff's Lane, by Goff's Lane Playing Fields, at around 5pm on Tuesday 26 May.

A teenage boy was approached by a group of males.

Members of the group punched the boy to the floor before kicking him. He suffered cuts and bruises to the face and had a black Echo Flyer electro scooter stolen.

PC Lucy Biddick, who is investigating, said: "This was frightening experience for the boy, who is now recovering at home, and I'd appeal for anyone who saw what happened or has information to come forward. I can be contacted directly via email at lucy.biddick@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/41161/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
