```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Croxley Green have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a burglary in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-burglary-in-croxley-green-0060
```

* ### Do you recognise these people?

 * ### We would like to speak to them as part of our enquiries into a burglary in Croxley Green

 * ### If you know them, please contact police quoting 41/28389/19

Officers investigating a burglary in Croxley Green have released images of two people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened at Londis on Baldwins Lane just before 2am on Wednesday, March 27.

Offender(s) gained entry to the premises by prising open the front shutters and smashing a pane of glass.

They took a large quantity of cigarettes and alcohol before getting into a Renault van and driving off in the direction of Watford.

PCSO Steven Jacob, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I appreciate you cannot see the people's faces in these images however they are wearing distinctive items of clothing.

"We believe one person is wearing Nike Air Max 97 trainers and the other is wearing camouflage-style trousers. If you think you know the people pictured, please get in touch."

If you have information that could assist the investigation, please contact PCSO Jacob on _steven.jacob@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/28389/19.

Online web chat can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
