```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2018
title: Did you witness road traffic collision in Hatfield?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-road-traffic-collision-in-hatfield-1552
```

* ### The collision occurred on St Albans Road East at around 3pm on January 30.

 * ### Two vehicles were involved and a school crossing patrol officer was subsequently struck.

 * ### Anyone who saw what happened is asked to contact police on 101.

Police are appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Hatfield.

The incident occurred in St Albans Road East, at the junction with School Lane, shortly before 3pm yesterday (Tuesday, January 30).

For reasons unknown at this stage, a BMW 420D and Ford Fiesta were involved in a collision and a man aged in his 60s, who was working as a school crossing patrol officer, was subsequently struck.

He was airlifted to hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition at this time.

PC Dale Morris from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "Our thoughts are with the man and his family at this time. We are appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision, or events leading up to it, to please contact police. We would particularly like to hear from anyone who may have dash cam footage of what happened."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 407 of January 30. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report
