```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision in Welwyn Garden City on Tuesday (5 May).
publish:
  date: 7 May 2020
title: Witness appeal following collision in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-collision-in-welwyn-garden-city-0097
```

* ### Did you witness a road traffic collision on the A1000 near to Ascots Lane, Welwyn Garden City on Tuesday 5 May around 2.30pm.

 * ### lt involved a pedal cycle, a black Alfa Romeo and red Suzuki Swift.

 * ### Call 101 quoting ISR 354 of 5 May if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision in Welwyn Garden City on Tuesday (5 May).

The incident happened on the A1000 near to the junction with Ascots Lane.

At around 2.30pm a pedal cycle, black Alfa Romeo and red Suzuki Swift were involved in a collision.

Police officers, the East of England Ambulance Service and the air ambulance attended.

The male cyclist was taken to hospital by air with back and shoulder injuries.

The two drivers were uninjured.

The road was closed while emergency services worked at the scene and recovered the vehicles. The road was re-opened by 6.40pm.

PC Andy Wild, of the Road Policing Unit, said: "We are investigating the circumstances of the collision and I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed this incident, may have dash cam footage of it or saw any of the vehicles around this time to make contact.

"If you can help, please email me at _andrew.wild@herts.pnn.police.uk_ "

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting ISR 354 of 5 May.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
