```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An operation targeting criminals and unroadworthy vehicles using the road network was conducted on Wednesday 17 March in East Herts.
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2021
title: Operation to target criminals using East Herts roads
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-to-target-criminals-using-east-herts-roads-1330
```

* ### Traffic operation conducted on A120 near Standon

 * ### 60 vehicles were stopped and checked

 * ### 21 catalytic converter units recovered during operation

An operation targeting criminals and unroadworthy vehicles using the road network was conducted on Wednesday 17 March in East Herts.

The operation was carried out on the A120 at Standon, with the local safer neighbourhood team being supported by the Special Constabulary and East Herts District Council (EHDC).

Sixty vehicles were stopped during the operation, with six drivers issued traffic offence reports for mobile phone use and five verbal warnings issued for speeding. One vehicle that was stopped was found to contain 21 catalytic converter units, and a 35-year-old man from Luton was subsequently arrested on suspicions of theft from motor vehicles and released whilst the investigation continues.

Three drivers were also issued with defect tickets and eight vehicles were dealt with by EHDC officers for waste carrier license offences.

East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt said: "These operations are run regularly to detect and deter criminals using the county's road network. There has been an increase in catalytic converter thefts over several months and operations like this one are effective at disrupting this type of crime and building up our intelligence picture of those carrying out these offences.

The operation was a great success with lots of positive comments from the local community and even some of the drivers we stopped, who thought the operation was required as the road networks have started to get busier."

If you have information about thefts from vehicles you can also report information online (opens in a new window) or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat (opens in a new window).

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
