```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a purse dipping offence where an elderly woman was targeted in Waltham Cross are releasing a CCTV image of a woman they\u2019d like to speak to as part of their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-in-WalthamCross-1585K
```

* ### Money was stolen from an elderly woman's handbag while she was shopping in Iceland, Waltham Cross.

 * ### As part of their enquiries police would like to speak to the woman pictured.

 * ### Anyone who recognises her is asked to contact officers via 101.

Officers investigating a purse dipping offence where an elderly woman was targeted in Waltham Cross are releasing a CCTV image of a woman they'd like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between 10.30am and midday on Monday, February 5, the victim - a woman aged in her 70s - was in Iceland in the High Street when cash was stolen from her handbag.

PC Sarah Parkhouse, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who recognises this woman to get in touch as you may have information that could help our enquiries.

"The victim in this case is elderly and vulnerable and had just collected her pension from the Post Office when she was targeted by thieves. She has understandably been left very distressed by the incident. We're determined to identify and apprehend the offenders.

"Anyone with information that could help the investigation can contact me by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/18/626 or report information online.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form."

CCTV appeal following theft in Waltham Cross
