```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are now in a position to confirm the identity of a man who died following an incident in Hatfield, as three people are arrested in connection with his murder.
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2019
title: Three arrested in connection with Hatfield murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-in-connection-with-hatfield-murder-0352b
```

* ### Cameron Hill sustained stab wounds and died in hospital.

 * ### Three people have been arrested in connection with his murder.

 * ### Detectives are continuing to appeal for information.

Police are now in a position to confirm the identity of a man who died following an incident in Hatfield, as three people are arrested in connection with his murder.

At 1.25am yesterday (Monday, June 10), the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in St Peters Close, off St Albans Road West.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services at the scene, and later at Lister Hospital, Cameron Hill, aged 23, from North Mymms, sadly died. His next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

Three people have now been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in police custody at this time. They are:

 * A 48-year-old man from Bristol
 * A 38-year-old man from Hatfield
 * A 37-year-old woman from Hatfield

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit are leading the investigation and are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information.

Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson said: "Our thoughts remain with Cameron's family and friends at this very difficult time.

"We are continuing our enquiries to establish the circumstances around what happened and detectives remain at the flats, as we examine the scene and speak with local residents.

"We are still appealing for anyone with information to come forward. Did you see or hear anything unusual or suspicious - a person, people or a vehicle that isn't usually there? If so, please come forward and speak with my team. Any information, however seemingly insignificant may prove vital to our investigation."

Anyone with any information should contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 25 of June 10.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/Contact

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
