```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a fail to stop collision in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 30 Jun 2020
title: Did you witness collision in Stevenage?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-collision-in-stevenage-0284e
```

* ## The incident occurred on the Coreys Mill roundabout.

 * ## A Transit van and a Fiat were in collision.

 * ## The van was not at the scene on police arrival and officers are asking the driver to come forward.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a fail to stop collision in Stevenage.

The incident occurred on the Coreys Mill roundabout, at around 6.55pm on Wednesday 24 June.

For reasons unknown at this time a Fiat Panda and a Ford Transit van were involved in a collision.

The driver of the Fiat sustained slight injuries and damage was caused to the offside (driver's side) of the vehicle.

The van was not at the scene on police arrival.

PC Dale Morris from the BCH RPU, said: "Enquiries into the incident are continuing at this time and I am appealing for the driver of the van to please come forward. I am also appealing for anyone who saw what happened, or who may have captured dash cam footage, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 726 of 24 June.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
