```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A third closure order has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates today (Friday 30 August), on a flat in Monument Court in a bid to prevent anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 30 Aug 2019
title: Third closure order granted on Stevenage property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Third-closure-order-granted-on-Stevenage-property-0688
```

* ### Magistrates granted third closure order on Stevenage flat

 * ### Police move to prevent anti-social behaviour

 * ### Property linked to drug dealing and drug use

A third closure order has been granted by Stevenage Magistrates today (Friday 30 August), on a flat in **Monument Court** in a bid to prevent anti-social behaviour.

The flat is privately owned and has been linked to drug dealing, drug use and people causing a disturbance in the flat and the communal areas.

The first closure order was granted on Tuesday 15 January, under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It banned anyone from entering the property in Monument Court for three months. An extension to this order was then applied for and granted in April. This order expired in July and a month later the owner returned. This latest order granted in August bans some residents and all non-residents from entering for the next three months.

On Saturday 24 August two men were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. A 26 year old from London and a 32 year old from Stevenage have been released under investigation whilst the investigation continues.

Sergeant Simon Mullan, from the Stevenage Community Safety Unit, said **:** "Since this property has been closed we have seen a dramatic reduction in the amount of anti-social behaviour at Monument Court. We were hoping this would continue, but unfortunately once the owners returned to the property we saw an increase in drug-related crime.

"We are closely monitoring the area and will deal robustly with anyone found committing drugs offences. However in the meantime other residents need to feel safe in their own homes and not have their lives blighted by drug-related crime. We have therefore acted quickly to get the property closed once more while we continue to work with partners to find a permanent solution.

"I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour of this nature to the police."
