```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are now in a position to name a woman who sadly passed away following a road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead yesterday afternoon (Tuesday 25 August).
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2020
title: Hemel Hempstead collision update
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hemel-hempstead-collision-update-0546
```

* ### The collision occurred on St Albans Road.

 * ### A woman sadly passed away and has now been named.

 * ### Police continue to appeal for witnesses.

Police are now in a position to name a woman who sadly passed away following a road traffic collision in Hemel Hempstead yesterday afternoon (Tuesday 25 August).

The collision occurred in St Albans Road, just before 5pm, and involved a white Fiat 500, a silver BMW and a white Toyota.

The Fiat passenger suffered serious injuries which sadly proved to be fatal.

We can now confirm the woman to be 26-year-old Grace Estep, from Kings Langley.

Her family have paid the following tribute to her:

"Grace was the most loving, caring mother to our two beautiful grandbabies, Alfie and Ruby, and was also the most wonderful daughter, who we truly cherished. "The light in our universe has been extinguished. May you rest your beautiful soul in peace, love mummy and your King ×××"

Sergeant Tom Daly, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts remain with Grace's family and friends at this extremely sad and difficult time.

"We are continuing to conduct extensive enquiries to determine the circumstances surrounding the collision and are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed what happened and has not yet spoken with police.

"Equally, if you have a working dash cam fitted to your vehicle and you were travelling along St Albans Road at the time of the incident, we would like to hear from you.

"If you live in the vicinity of the collision and have either CCTV or a doorbell camera fitted to your property, please get in touch as you may have captured something of interest."

Sgt Daly added: "I would ask that people with footage of the incident contact police and refrain from posting videos and photos on social media. This can only add to the distress of everyone those involved."

You can email Sgt Daly at tom.daly@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference ISR 495 of 25 August, or Operation Windrow.
