```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Brent Court after police in Stevenage took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour (ASB).
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2017
title: Closure Order secured on Stevenage property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-Order-secured-on-Stevenage-property
```

* Closure Order secured at Stevenage property following reports of anti-social behaviour and criminal activity.
 * No-one is allowed to enter the property in Brent Court for three months.
 * Police have worked with the Stevenage Borough Council to gather evidence to support the closure order.

A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Brent Court after police in Stevenage took action against those involved in anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. The property was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the property in an anti-social manner, several reports of crime, drug dealing and people causing a disturbance.

Following continued reports of ASB over the past eight months, the case was taken to Stevenage Magistrates Court on Thursday, November 30, where a Closure Order was granted banning anyone from entering the property for three months.

The Closure Order will ensure that the premises is completely sealed and should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5,000, or both.

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Stevenage Borough Council to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order.

**Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Duncan Hall said:** "This closure order is a result of hard work collaborating with Stevenage Borough Council, anti-social behaviour teams, and housing officers. We executed a successful warrant in Brent Court on November 10 and, combined with months of intelligence, successfully achieved a closure order on the property.

"We hope this will help reduce the anti-social behaviour and drug abuse associated with Brent Court and will provide a better quality of life for the residents.

"We want to thank the members of the public who provided intelligence associated with this issue during one of our 'street-meets' where we spoke to residents about life in Brent Court. Without this information we would not have had such an effective outcome, proving the public's help can be invaluable as part of our investigations."

**Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Tabert added:** "By taking this action to now fully close the address, we hope to provide neighbours with some respite from the on-going issues. The Community Safety Partnership has worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the application."

** **

**Councillor Jeannette Thomas, Executive Member for Housing, Health and Older People at Stevenage Borough Council, said:** "We have held surgery-type events at our flat blocks for residents to come and talk to us about any concerns they might have. As a result of their concerns and through working closely with the police, we have been able to take action against tenants who have caused a nuisance to their neighbours and the wider community from the property.

"This action demonstrates that together we will not tolerate those who cause distress or harassment to their neighbours. No one should have to live with anti-social behaviour."
