```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision which occurred this morning (7th June) on the A602 at Hooks Cross.
publish:
  date: 7 Jul 2018
title: Appeal to trace a taxi driver following a serious collision at Hooks Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-to-trace-a-taxi-driver-following-a-serious-collision-at-Hooks-Cross-0483
```

* ### Serious collision in Hooks Cross

 * ### One man is seriously injured

 * ### Officers are appealing for a taxi driver who stopped to make contact

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision which occurred this morning (7th July) on the A602 at Hooks Cross.

Officers were called at 7.48am to reports of a collision involving three cars outside the Three Horseshoes pub. The cars involved were a blue Fiat Punto, a red Mercedes CLA and a red Ford Focus.

Fire, ambulance and the air ambulance were also called to the scene and the road has been closed in both directions. The road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours.

The driver of the Punto was freed from his car having been trapped. He has suffered serious injuries and has been taken by air ambulance to Addenbrookes Hospital.

The man driving the Mercedes suffered minor injuries and was taken to the Lister Hospital.

Sgt Will Hood from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Road Policing Unit said: "I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the collision or who has any information about what happened to please contact us.

###

"I am particularly keen to trace the driver of a taxi who stopped at the scene following the collision but had left before we arrived. If this was you, please do call us."

Anyone with information is asked to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 219 of 7th July.
