```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road related incident in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020
title: Did you witness an incident involving vehicles in Borehamwood?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-incident-involving-vehicles-in-borehamwood-0686j
```

* ## Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road related incident in Borehamwood.

 * ## The incident happened on Friday 11 September, at around 7.15pm.

 * ## Two vehicles - a white BMW and a dark 4 x 4 - were involved.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a road related incident in Borehamwood.

On Friday 11 September, at around 7.15pm, two vehicles - a white BMW and a dark 4 x 4 - narrowly avoided a head-on collision in Shenley Road.

Detective Constable Barnaby Goding said: "The incident was reported to us by one of the drivers, who has understandably been left incredibly shaken up by what happened. We are currently working to establish the circumstances around what happened.

"We believe that several drivers would have had to stop or slow their vehicle abruptly in response to the emergency stop manoeuvre the reporting driver undertook **.**

"If you were one of those drivers, we would be keen to hear from you - especially if you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle. If you believe you witnessed the incident or have any information you think could assist with the investigation, please get in touch."

Anyone with information can contact DC Goding directly via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/74865/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
