```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are releasing an image of a keyring as part of their ongoing enquiries to identify a man who was sadly found deceased in Stevenage three weeks ago.
publish:
  date: 16 Jun 2020
title: Keyring image released following discovery of body - Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keyring-image-released-following-discovery-of-body-stevenage-0223
```

* ### Do you recognise this keyring that was found on the body of a man discovered in Great Ashby, Stevenage?

 * ### Detectives have not been able to identify the man despite extensive enquiries and forensic testing

 * ### If you have any information that you believe could assist the investigation, please contact police as soon as possible quoting ISR 725 of 26 May

Detectives are releasing an image of a keyring as part of their ongoing enquiries to identify a man who was sadly found deceased in Stevenage three weeks ago.

The man's body was found by a member of the public in undergrowth off Bray Drive, in Great Ashby, just before 6.50pm on Tuesday 26 May.

A cordon was put in place while officers carried out their initial investigations, and the man's death is being treated as non-suspicious but unexplained.

However despite three weeks of extensive enquiries and forensic testing, officers have not been able to identify the man or notify his next of kin.

They are now releasing an image of a small keyring found with the man, in the hope that someone may recognise it. It is heart-shaped with diamante stones on one half, and the word 'Guess' on the other.

Detectives previously released images of clothing similar to those found on the body, hoping that they would also jog someone's memory. You can read the previous press release here.

DS Lisa Turner, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "We had hoped that by now, we would know this poor man's name, and where he had come from, so that we could inform his family.

"We now estimate that he was likely aged between 20 and 60 years old, was of slim build and had some facial hair.

"We believe he had lain in the undergrowth for a considerable amount of time, and his body was sadly in such an advanced state of decomposition that forensic testing has proved difficult.

"We are satisfied that there was no third-party involvement in his death, but our main priority remains to identify this man so we can inform his loved ones and they can finally lay him to rest.

"He was someone's son, and someone's friend. He may also have been someone's father, brother, husband or uncle. Someone out there will be missing him.

"Therefore we have now taken the step of releasing a further image of the keyring found on his body to see if anyone recognises it.

"If you think you may have any information that could assist us in our investigation, please get in touch."

You can email DS Turner at lisa.turner@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 725 of 26 May**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
