```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of Christmas lights from a family\u2019s home in Watford."
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following theft of Christmas lights
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-of-Christmas-lights-1329C
```

* Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of Christmas lights from a family's home in Watford.
 * The offence occurred in North Western Avenue between 6pm on Thursday, November 30 and 9am on Friday, December 1.
 * Anyone with information should contact PC Noel Walsh or non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C4/17/3558.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of Christmas lights from a family's home in Watford.

The offence occurred in North Western Avenue between 6pm on Thursday, November 30 and 9am on Friday, December 1.

During this time offender(s) have cut the cabling to a train and a reindeer decoration before stealing them.

PC Noel Walsh, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who saw anything suspicious in the area between the times stated to get in touch.

"Similarly, if you have been offered a similar light display for sale, do get in touch.

"The victim prepares the front of his property every year for his children and they were stolen the night before they were due to do an official switch-on. They are understandably devastated by this heartless act."

Anyone with information should contact PC Walsh via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, or report information online quoting crime reference C4/17/3558.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
