```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has appeared at Hatfield Magistrates\u2019 Court in connection with the disappearance of William \u2018Bill\u2019 Taylor from Gosmore in North Herts."
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2019
title: "Missing William Taylor \u2013 man remanded in custody"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Missing-William-Taylor\u2013man-remanded-in-custody-2460MD"
```

A man has appeared at Hatfield Magistrates' Court in connection with the disappearance of William 'Bill' Taylor from Gosmore in North Herts.

Gwyn Griffiths, age 59, of Lucy Avenue, Folkestone, Kent, appeared via video link yesterday (Tuesday, January 29), having been charged with conspiracy to murder and assisting offenders following his arrest on Sunday, January 27.

He did not enter a plea and has been remanded in custody.

His next court appearance will be for his pre-trial preparation hearing at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, March 4.

Farmer William Taylor was last seen at his home in Gosmore on Sunday, June 3, 2018, at around 9pm -shortly before his 70th birthday. He was reported missing to police the following day (Monday, June 4).

Since then extensive enquiries and searches have been carried out in the effort to locate him before information led officers to launch a murder investigation.

William's body has not yet been found and enquiries are on-going.

Anyone with information that could assist police is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101. You can also submit information here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/824

 * Angela Taylor, aged 52, of Charlton Road, Hitchin and Paul Cannon, aged 53, of Pirton Road, Hitchin, have been charged with murder, conspiracy to commit murder, and arson. They will be appearing for trial at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, April 8.
