```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating a racially aggravated assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are looking to trace two women who intervened during the incident."
publish:
  date: 28 Jul 2020
title: "Appeal to trace women who witnessed assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-women-who-witnessed-assault-in-bishops-stortford-0424a
```

* ## The incident occurred in Diamond Park.

 * ## Two boys were assaulted after racially offensive comments were made to them.

 * ## Police are trying to trace two women who intervened.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a GBH in Hatfield.

The incident happened on Thursday 16 July in the alleyway that runs between Bishops Rise and Haseldine Meadows.

At around 9.15pm, two men were involved in a physical altercation. One of the men sustained serious stab wounds to his abdomen and leg.

The man, in his thirties, was taken to hospital for surgery.

Detective Sergeant Sarah Morrell from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit said: "I understand news of this incident will be alarming and I would like to reassure you that we are doing everything we can to trace the person responsible.

"I am keen to hear from anyone who might have witnessed the assault or anyone who might have information that could help our investigation. Were you in the area? Did you see or hear anything suspicious?

"Please get in touch if you think you can help. Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in helping us to find and arrest the offender.

"If you can help please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/56068/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
