```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Harpenden are releasing images of some of the distinctive items stolen, in a bid to trace them.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2020
title: Have you seen items stolen during burglary in Harpenden?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-items-stolen-during-burglary-in-harpenden-0980f
```

* ## The burglary occurred in Manland Way.

 * ## Unique jewellery and bottles of champagne were among the items stolen.

 * ## Detectives are asking anyone with information to please come forward.

Detectives investigating a burglary in Harpenden are releasing images of some of the distinctive items stolen, in a bid to trace them.

The incident occurred in Manland Way, between noon and 2pm on Wednesday 9 December.

Among the items stolen were:

 * A safe containing unique jewellery (some of which is pictured), cash and documents
 * Children's Christmas presents
 * Luggage
 * Champagne (as pictured)

Detective Constable Colin Workman, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "Any burglary is a distressing ordeal for victims, but the circumstances surrounding this particular incident are extremely heart-breaking.

"The victims had left their home for the first time in nine months to visit their terminally ill daughter in palliative care.

"Returning home to discover they had been burgled and that Christmas presents for their grandchildren had been stolen, along with many sentimental items of jewellery, has caused unimaginable anguish, at what is already an incredibly difficult time.

"The jewellery stolen is unique and identifiable and I am appealing for anyone who may have come across these items for sale to please get in touch. Similarly, this particular brand of champagne is not available in the UK so would be recognisable.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed any suspicious activity. We're particularly keen to identify a man who was wearing dark clothing and a grey beanie hat, as we believe he can assist with our enquiries.

"Lastly I would like to appeal to the offender(s) directly. This family have been through more than enough, so please do the right thing and contact police."

Anyone with information is asked to please email Detective Constable Colin Workman.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/99005/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

**

**
