```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a racially aggravated ABH in Watford.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following racially aggravated ABH in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-racially-aggravated-ABH-in-Watford-1440C
```

* A 44 year old man was the victim of a racially aggravated ABH in Watford on Sunday, December 31.
 * The incident happened on King Street at the junction with the High Street at about 5.20pm.
 * Anyone with information should contact PC Anthony Hopkins on 101 or email quoting crime reference C1/18/13.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a racially aggravated ABH in Watford.

At about 5.20pm on Sunday, December 31, the victim - a 44 year old man, was crossing the road on King Street, at the junction with the High Street, when he was approached by two men coming from the direction of King Street.

One of the men used offensive racial language towards the victim and the other then punched the victim, causing him to fall to the ground. He continued to assault the victim until a member of the public intervened. The offenders then made off back down King Street.

Both offenders are described as black, in their early twenties, over 6 foot tall, wearing dark clothing and carrying shopping bags.

PC Anthony Hopkins, who is investigating, said: "This was a distressing incident for the victim which required a hospital assessment - thankfully his injuries were minor.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary takes reports of hate crimes very seriously and I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed this incident or seen the offenders to get in touch. The incident happened at a busy time of day so there is a good chance that someone may have seen the offenders and can help us to identify them.

"Please do not hesitate to get in touch as you may have vital information which could assist with our investigation."

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any other information should contact PC Hopkins or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C1/18/13.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
