```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Anti-social behaviour, drug use and speeding are some of the issues Safer Neighbourhood teams (SNT) across East Herts will be focusing their efforts on over the coming months, as a result of feedback from members of the public.
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2020
title: East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Teams set latest priorities
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/east-herts-safer-neighbourhood-teams-set-latest-priorities-0406
```

* ### The SNTs have set their policing priorities for the coming three months.

 * ### Feedback from members of the public has helped the priorities.

 * ### You can give your views via echo.

Anti-social behaviour, drug use and speeding are some of the issues Safer Neighbourhood teams (SNT) across East Herts will be focusing their efforts on over the coming months, as a result of feedback from members of the public.

The latest Priority Setting Forums (PSF) have now taken place and each of the four SNTs have set their priorities for the next three months.

PSFs are made up of police officers, council representatives and members of the local education and business communities, who meet to discuss issues and decide where policing efforts should be focused. Feedback from members of the public plays a huge part in the decision making and information provided via the Constabulary's community voice platform 'echo' has been used to shape the latest priorities.

Residents will see work being conducted to tackle these issues, which will include increased police presence and targeted enforcement.

**Bishop 's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth
**• Reduce incidents of criminal damage in the vicinity of the A120 bypass and Stanstead Road in Bishop's Stortford.
• Tackle anti-social behaviour in and around Cemetery Road and The Firs, Bishop's Stortford.
• Reduce incidents of anti-social behaviour in Sworders Field and the Castle Gardens in Bishop's Stortford.
• Reduce anti-social behaviour in Vantorts Park, The Forebury and the Bullfields estate in Sawbridgeworth, paying attention to nuisance mopeds/motorbikes.

**East Herts Rural
** • Tackle speeding in rural villages.
• Manage the volume of fly-tipping in rural areas, specifically the layby off the B1000 at Tewin and in Gore Lane, Barwick. This mainly occurs midweek, during the evenings.
• Tackle rowdy and inconsiderate behaviour and reduce youth crime, anti-social behaviour and drug use in and around the Seth ward community park, Mill Close/Luynes Rise, in Buntingford, on Friday and Saturday evenings.
• Tackle noise nuisance and drug use at the Bowling Green Lane car parks in Buntingford, where youths congregate in vehicles, mainly on Fridays and Saturdays.

**Hertford
** • Tackle county line drug activity and associated violence in the Norwood Close area of Hertford.
• Tackle violence, disorder and anti-social behaviour in Castle ward on Friday and Saturday evenings.

**Ware and Stanstead Abbotts
** • Tackling youth anti-social behaviour and street drinking in the High Street, Ware, between 6pm and midnight.
• Tackling drug dealing and drug usage in the Folly Estate, Stanstead Abbotts.
• Tackling anti-social behaviour, including off-road bike nuisance and drug usage, in Beacon Park and surrounding fields.

Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt said: "Feedback from members of the public is really important, as it helps us to understand the issues that matter most to them and focus our efforts accordingly.

"You can keep up to date with the work we are doing around the priorities by following us on Twitter at @EastHertsPolice."

You can use echo to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your local area via one of the following links:
• East Herts wide - bit.ly/police-eherts
• Bishop's Stortford - bit.ly/police-stortford
• East Herts Rural - bit.ly/ehrural-police
• Hertford - bit.ly/police-hford
• Sawbridgeworth - bit.ly/police-sawbo
• Stanstead Abbotts - bit.ly/police-sabbotts
• Ware - bit.ly/police-ware
