```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Drivers in Watford are being urged to review the security of their vehicles following a spate of thefts in the area.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: Thefts from vehicles in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thefts-from-vehicles-in-watford1857c
```

* ### Police have received 32 reports in the last two weeks.

 * ### There has been a noticable increase in tools being stolen from vans.

 * ### Officers are urging people to remove items when leaving vehicles unattended.

Drivers in Watford are being urged to review the security of their vehicles following a spate of thefts in the area.

In the last two weeks 32 offences have been reported to police, with an increase in tools being stolen from vans in particular.

Watford Chief Inspector Matt Phillips said: "We are urging drivers to review the security of their vehicles to help prevent them being targeted by opportunist thieves. In some instances vehicles had been left unlocked or valuable items had been left on display.

"Our advice would always be to remove all valuables from vehicles when leaving them unattended, including items such as bags, loose change and sunglasses as these can all attract criminals. Also be sure to double check that your vehicle is fully locked and secure.

"We would urge people not to leave tools in their vehicles. If this simply isn't possible, you should consider installing a good quality tool safe and getting your items engraved or security marked, as this makes them less attractive to thieves."

Patrols have been increased across the town and arrests have been made.

CI Phillips continued: "If you witness suspicious activity around vehicles or believe a crime is in progress, please contact police straightaway on 999. If you think you may know who is involved in the thefts, please call the non-emergency number 101 or report information online via the Herts Police website."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

For further advice on how to keep your vehicle more secure, please visit www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Crime-prevention/Protect-your-property/
