```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 16 May 2018
title: "Did you witness assault in Oxhey Park \u2013 Watford?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-oxhey-park-watford-0222C
```

* ### A woman in her late teens was injured after being approached by a man.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

 * ### Patrols have been increased in the area.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Watford.

The incident occurred in Oxhey Park, off Eastbury Road, at around 6.30pm on Tuesday, May 15.

A woman aged in her late teens was walking through the park when a man called out to her before approaching her and grabbing her arm.

He then used a small, sharp implement to cause an injury to her thigh before running off.

Nothing was taken during the incident.

The suspect is described as being aged between 30 and 40 years, of broad build, with short brown hair, clean shaven and spoke with a foreign accent. He was wearing black trousers, a grey T-shirt and carrying a black rucksack.

PC Rebecca Robinson said: "Thankfully the victim was not seriously injured during the incident but has understandably been left shaken by what happened.

"I appreciate this incident may cause some concern in the community and I want to reassure people that we are increasing patrols in the area and carrying out enquiries to trace the person responsible. As part of this, I would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the incident or events leading up to it. Do you recall seeing a man in the area matching the description given? Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could greatly assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Watford Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C1/18/2894. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
