```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Teams are continuing to engage with local communities across the county as a means of keeping in touch and setting local policing priorities."
publish:
  date: 1 May 2020
title: Keeping in touch with our communities
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keeping-in-touch-with-our-communities-0074all
```

* ## Our Safer Neighbourhood Teams are continuing to engage with local communities across the county.

 * ## We are still providing a full police service - crimes are still being investigated, and we're continuing to do all we can to make Hertfordshire as safe as it possibly can be.

 * ## You can visit bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Safer Neighbourhood Teams are continuing to engage with local communities across the county as a means of keeping in touch and setting local policing priorities.

Officers are still providing a visible presence in their local areas, but with face to face engagement events such as neighbourhood surgeries and street meets being cancelled or postponed, they are keeping a close eye on our digital Community Voice platform 'echo'. You can use echo to tell us what you think we should be focusing on where you live by visiting bit.ly/herts-echo.

Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant, who is leading the Force's response to COVID-19, said: "We want everyone to know that we are still here for them. Despite common misconception, we are still providing a full police service, albeit sometimes in slightly different ways - crimes are still being investigated, and we're continuing to do all we can to make Hertfordshire as safe as it possibly can be.

"Across the county, our policing teams are continuing their standard patrols, responding to incidents, problem-solving with communities and looking out for vulnerable residents, as well as ensuring that the government's advice around social distancing and emergency legislation is being adhered to.

"Now more than ever, it is vital that we continue to engage with the members of our communities to understand what they need from us during these challenging times. Whether you live, work or study in Hertfordshire, 'echo' is one of the ways we are bridging the gap between the community and their police service, and it is an excellent platform for residents to easily share their thoughts, opinions and feedback about policing in their local area.

"It allows them to have their say and express what matters most to them via a dedicated webpage, and they can do this anytime they want and in their own words. Echo can translate over 50 different languages, and is completely anonymous - there's no requirement to give personal details or information."

Simply visit bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say; we're always listening. All feedback is completely anonymous, but if you're referring to a location please try to be as specific as possible.

All of the feedback received via echo is then analysed and used to help shape neighbourhood policing plans and set local policing priorities. Whilst we are currently in lockdown it also provides a means to stay in touch with our communities while our face to face events are temporarily suspended.

In response to some of the comments we have already received via echo, we have:

• Arrested a man in Weston, North Herts following feedback regarding suspected drug usage in the car park of the village hall.
• Cracked down on speeding in several areas of East Herts and Stevenage, issuing warning and fines.
• Increased the number of on-foot and bicycle patrols across the whole county.
• Liaised with local councils and partnerships across the county to fund and install CCTV in crime hot-spot areas.
• Adapted our patrol plans across the county.
• Set local policing priorities in Borehamwood, which allow us to prioritise our policing activities.
• Liaised with partner agencies across the county to cut back overgrown areas.
• Conducted additional re-assurance patrols across the county in response to concerns regarding anti-social behaviour and heavy youth presence.

We're keen to hear about what our communities think we should be focusing on, as well as telling us about any experience they've had with our officers or staff. The more feedback we receive, the more we can understand what matters most to the public we serve, where services are working well for them or where we need to improve. For further information please visit: www.herts.police.uk/echo.

Please don't use echo to report a crime. To do that, contact the Force Communications Room via online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, always call 999 immediately. Report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

If you are looking to report a COVID-19 related crime such as individuals flouting the guidelines or a mass gathering, please use the online reporting methods where possible as this will release some of the pressure on our phone lines, and allow for a quicker response to urgent 999 calls.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
