```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit cracked down on uninsured drivers travelling on the M25 as part of a large-scale ANPR operation.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2018
title: Officers from Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire tackle uninsured drivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-from-bedfordshire-cambridgeshire-and-hertfordshire-tackle-uninsured-drivers-2117
```

* ### BCH officers joined colleagues from seven neighbouring forces and covered the 117-mile stretch of the country's busiest motorway

 * ### Six BCH officers were stationed at South Mimms for six hours, between 10am and 4pm

 * ### 14 drivers were reported for no insurance - with 13 of these vehicles seized at the roadside

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit cracked down on uninsured drivers travelling on the M25 as part of a large-scale ANPR operation.

Operation Tutelage, which was developed 18 months ago by Thames Valley Police and Hampshire Constabulary's Joint Roads Policing Unit, identifies vehicles on the road that may have an issue with their insurance.

On Wednesday, November 14, BCH officers joined colleagues from Thames Valley Police, Hampshire Constabulary, Kent Police, Surrey Police, Sussex Police, Essex Police and the Metropolitan Police in covering the 117-mile stretch of the country's busiest motorway.

During a six-hour period, the six BCH officers were stationed on the west-bound carriageway at South Mimms and stopped in excess of 30 vehicles. No arrests were made, however:

 * **14 drivers were reported for no insurance (13 of these vehicles seized, with one vehicle reinsured at the roadside).**

 * **Three drivers were reported for driving without a licence.**

 * **One driver was given a prohibition notice for driving their vehicle in a dangerous condition.**

 * **Six other offences (including no MOT and using a mobile phone at the wheel) were dealt with by Fixed Penalty Notice.**

A team of 12 police motorcycles and 27 cars from across all the forces taking part were involved in the operation that ran between 10am to 4pm.

It is well established that there is a link between criminality and uninsured driving. An uninsured driver is six times more likely to have a conviction for drink or drug driving, and ten times more likely to have another motoring conviction.

According to the Motor Insurance Bureau, uninsured and hit-and-run drivers kill an estimated 130 people and injure over 26,000 people each year and these costs are ultimately borne by the honest motorist.

Inspector Rebecca Rowley-Smith, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are committed to reducing the number of uninsured vehicles on the roads across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire and are pleased to be supporting our fellow forces as part of Operation Tutelage.

"Partnership working is at the heart of this operation and is vital to its success, meaning we can cover a wider geographical area and stop more vehicles. Uninsured vehicles are more likely to be involved in a collision and are a significant danger to other law-abiding motorists.

"A simple phone call or online application is all that is needed to ensure you are appropriately insured to be driving your vehicle, so there is no excuse. We can and will seize those vehicles that pose a risk to others as part of our work to make the roads safer in all three counties."
