```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "To mark the end of this year\u2019s National Volunteers\u2019 Week more than 120 guests came together at Police Headquarters last night (Thursday, June 7) to celebrate the valuable contribution that volunteers make to the Constabulary."
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: "Constabulary\u2019s volunteers celebrated at awards ceremony"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/constabularys-volunteers-celebrated-at-awards-ceremony-0347
```

* ### More than 120 guests attended the ceremony to round off Volunteers' Week 2018.

 * ### The event is now in its seventh year.

 * ### Awards were presented by Chief Constable Charlie Hall and Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd.

To mark the end of this year's National Volunteers' Week more than 120 guests came together at Police Headquarters last night (Thursday, June 7) to celebrate the valuable contribution that volunteers make to the Constabulary.

The seventh annual Citizens in Policing Awards honoured the dedication of the force's 313 Police Support Volunteers who have contributed more than 16,350 hours between them over the past year.

It also recognised the achievements of Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary and those who volunteer in schemes that provide independent scrutiny delivered through Hertfordshire's Police and Crime Commissioner's office.

The ceremony was opened by Chief Constable Charlie Hall who then presented the awards alongside PCC David Lloyd in front of an audience of volunteers and their family and friends.

Addressing guests on the night, Mr Hall said: "There is not much in the calendar that gives me greater pleasure than this event. The support our volunteers give is absolutely phenomenal and these awards show the strength of volunteering here in Hertfordshire. As far as I am concerned, you are all winners and I am immensely proud of everything you do."

The first awards handed out on the evening were for long service, with 31 people completing two years, 14 people marking five years and four people notching up 10 years' service.

The next award was for **Volunteer Team of the Year** which was won by the Welwyn Hatfield Special Constabulary. Led by Special Inspector Matt Henderson, the team has been instrumental in assisting the Neighbourhood Team with on-going work to tackle disorder and anti-social behaviour in the area.

The other nominees were Abbots Langley Information Point, East Herts Crime Prevention Team, Hertford and Ware Volunteer Police Cadets and Broxbourne OWL* Sign-Up Squad.

The **Volunteer Advisor of the Year** award was won by Julie Morrison from the RAPPAW** team.
Julie has played a pivotal role in the scheme since it launched in 2016. She has dedicated much of her time to develop the initiative, looking after a team of 26 volunteers and their four-legged friends, who have completed more than 390 deployments to date.

Fellow nominees were Nik Pringle from the Constabulary's Historical Society and Neighbourhood Watch leader Sue Thompson.

Pauline O'Sullivan was named **New Recruit of the Year.** Pauline and her dog Lexie joined the RAPPAW scheme in January this year and have already made a massive impact, amassing more than 60 volunteering hours, visiting an average of five vulnerable victims each week.

Also in the running were Lucy Kenealy, who assists the Constabulary's Citizens in Policing Team and Yvette Rodgers who volunteers with the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team.

The next award of the night was the **John Cawley Award**. The accolade is presented in memory of the late John Cawley who volunteered tirelessly on the western side of the county until his sudden and sad death in 2011.

It was presented by John's wife and son to joint winners Chris Bakewell and Kate Jessop. Chris was nominated for the invaluable support he provides to the Watch Liaison Team and the fundamental role he played in developing the new, user-friendly KINS*** database.

Kate has supported the Intelligence team at Hatfield since 2015 and has contributed more than 170 hours, completing work efficiently and to a high standard.

Also nominated were RAPPAW's Adele Hopkin and Barbara Rivers, OWL volunteer Bill Snapes and Graham and Judy Wilkinson who have been involved in a number of volunteer roles.

Jac Mansell was named **Cadet of the Year**. Jac has been with the St Albans and Harpenden unit for several years and was promoted to Senior Cadet last year. He played an active part in last year's County Cadet Competition, leading the team to first place. Most recently, he has volunteered to deliver the Mini Police programme, teaching young children about policing and community safety.

Fellow nominees were Rachel Warren from North Herts, Chris Bakalis from Broxbourne and Lacey Leahair from Cheshunt.

The accolade for **Cadet Leader of the Year** went to Rob Scott who established the Hertford and Ware group in 2015. In less than three years the group has grown to the largest in the county with 50 cadets and 15 leaders. He has forged strong links with the local policing team, with cadets providing assistance for numerous operations and events. He has also developed the ACHIEVE CARE**** social action project, which has won several awards.

Nominated alongside Rob were Carina Kennedy from Stevenage, James Keene from St Albans and Harpenden and Cass Mahony and Libbie Micallef from Cheshunt.

The **Young Cadet Leader of the Year** award went to Tea Prow. Tea joined Hertford and Ware cadets in January 2016 and quickly attained the rank of Head Cadet, taking charge of 40 young people. Upon turning 18, Tea, who is now a PCSO with the Constabulary, commenced her role as a Young Leader. She has developed and led sessions, tackling difficult subjects such as mental health, bullying, sexting and grooming.

Special Constable Mitchell Holloway was named **Special Constabulary Student Officer of the Year**.
Mitchell was part of the December 2017 intake, being attested in March 2018. His enthusiasm was recognised very early on by his trainer who also commented that they had not seen a Special so young in service attain such a high level of awareness in policing, in a very long time.

Rounding off the evening were the Police and Crime Commissioner's Citizens in Policing Awards, which were presented by Volunteer Coordinator Stephanie Evans.

Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd said: "Keeping Hertfordshire the safe county that it is today is Everybody's Business. Volunteering helps to build strong and resilient communities, harness valuable skills and helps support police and partners to reduce crime and keep communities safe.

"I'm committed to growing and developing volunteering further, using innovative ideas to improve and develop how we all work together to reduce crime and keep people safe."

**Volunteer of the Year** was won by Chris Cowdrey, a member of the Stop and Search Scrutiny Panel.
Fellow nominees were Independent Custody Visitors Alain Barthelemy and Derek Wylie, Stop and Search Panel member Stephanie Worrell and Independent Dog Welfare Visitor Stuart Selby.

The Stop and Search Scrutiny Panel took the award for **Volunteer Group of the Year** while the Independent Dog Welfare Scheme was also nominated.

The **Long Service Award** was presented to Michael Taylor, who has been volunteering as an Independent Custody Visitor for 30 years. Throughout that time he has demonstrated a true commitment and passion for volunteering.

For more information about the Constabulary's Police Support Volunteer Scheme and how you can get involved, visit the new microsite at www.herts.police.uk/PoliceSupportVolunteers

*** OWL** (Online Watch Link) is an award winning messaging system which allows residents to receive alerts and advice, specific to their local area. For more information visit www.owl.co.uk

**** RAPPAW** is a scheme which utilises trained volunteers and their dogs to help victims and witnesses. They visit those who may be feeling vulnerable and often traumatised, to offer support.

***** KINS** (Key Individual Networks) are representatives from local community groups who agree to perform the role of a conduit between the group they are representing and their local police.

****** ACHIEVE CARE** stands for **A** lzheimers & **C** adets **H** elping **I** ntimidated **E** lderly **V** ulnerable Victims **E** ngage via **C** ommunity **A** ction **R** APPAW **E** ngagement.
