```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 40-year-old man from Welwyn Garden City has been arrested and charged in connection with a burglary in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2019
title: Man charged following burglary in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-burglary-in-borehamwood-1174j
```

* ## A property in Borehamwood was broken into on Thursday 21 November.

 * ## Several items were stolen, including an Xbox and Xbox controllers.

 * ## A 40-year-old man from Welwyn Garden City has been arrested and charged.

A 40-year-old man from Welwyn Garden City has been arrested and charged in connection with a burglary in Borehamwood.

It was reported that a property in Stanborough Avenue was broken into on Thursday 21 November between 8.40am and 3.30pm. Several items were stolen, including an Xbox and Xbox controllers.

Stuart Kent appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Friday 6 December, where he was remanded into custody. He is next due to appear in court on Monday 13 January 2020.

PC Giuseppe Catalanotto, who investigated the case, said: "I'd like to take this opportunity to remind people to make sure they're leaving their homes secure, and to offer some crime prevention advice. At this time of year especially, when the evenings get darker much quicker, it's easier for burglars and opportunist thieves to gage whether someone is at home or not.

"You can make your home unattractive to a thief by giving it a 'lived-in' look. You can get timer switches to turn your lights on automatically to make it look like someone is in, and perhaps consider investing in a doorbell camera or a CCTV system - that way, if you unfortunately do become a victim, you will have footage to assist our investigation.

"Make sure to keep all valuables out of sight where possible, such as electronics and jewellery. Leaving expensive items on show could attract opportunist thieves. Remember, if you do witness someone behaving suspiciously, or if you believe someone is trying to access your property, make sure you report it to us immediately."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/105179/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
