```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been banned from owning a dog for 10 years after his pet dog fatally injured a cat in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Man sentenced after dangerous dog fatally injured cat
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-after-dangerous-dog-fatally-injured-cat-0028PR
```

* ### Daniel Stasik, age 30 of Walker Grove, Hatfield, appeared at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, March 27.

###

 * ### The court heard that at around 11am on June 23, 2018, Stasik's pet dog chased a cat into an alleyway in Walker Grove and attacked her.

 * ### Stasik has also been ordered to complete unpaid community work and pay compensation to the cat's owners and the police

A man has been banned from owning a dog for 10 years after his pet dog fatally injured a cat in Hatfield.

Daniel Stasik, age 30 of Walker Grove, Hatfield, appeared at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, March 27.

The court heard that at around 11am on June 23, 2018, Stasik's pet dog chased a cat into an alleyway in Walker Grove and attacked her. Stasik grabbed his pet but was unable to keep control of her. He did not attempt to assist the cat or find her owners to get medical assistance.

At around 1am the following morning, the cat was found by her owner in a nearby garden with substantial injuries. She was covered in blood and faeces and unable to place any weight on her hind legs. Due to the length of time she had been left, there were maggots around her wounds.

Over the next few days, her condition deteriorated and following multiple treatments and attempts at resuscitation, she died from her injuries on July 1.

On July 20, officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team and the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit attended Stasik's address to execute a warrant to seize his dog. It was examined and confirmed to be substantially a pit bull type dog.

Stasik was reported to court for possessing a fighting dog under Section 1 of the Dangerous Dogs Act and causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal under Section 4 of the Animal Welfare Act.

At court, Stasik pleaded guilty to possessing a fighting dog and not guilty to causing unnecessary suffering to the cat, however the court found him guilty of the latter offence.

The court banned him from having custody of a dog for 10 years and his pet dog was ordered to be put down unless an appeal is lodged within 21 days. Stasik was also ordered to complete 240 hours of unpaid community work. In addition to this, Stasik will have to pay compensation to the owners for the vet bills and compensation to the police for kennel fees.

PC Gavin Richardson, from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Pit bulls are banned in the UK and Stasik's dog posed a very serious danger to public safety.

"Not only did Stasik have possession of a banned dog breed but he made no attempts to help save the cat and instead simply left her to die. This was extremely distressing for her owners who found their beloved pet in an incredibly distressed state with horrendous injuries.

"I hope that this sentence provides some justice for the victims and that the public feel safe knowing that Stasik will not be allowed to have dog for another decade."
