```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in a Hemel Hempstead pub that left a man with serious facial injuries.
publish:
  date: 1 Jun 2019
title: Serious assault in Hemel pub
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Serious-assault-in-Hemel-pub-0305
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in a Hemel Hempstead pub that left a man with serious facial injuries.

Between midnight on Saturday 25 May and 12.30am on Sunday the victim, a 25-year-old man, had been in the Market Arms Tavern on Waterhouse Street.

He was standing near a pillar close to the door when he has lost his footing and stumbled into another man. The second man has then hit him with the beer glass caused a gash to the victim's cheek.

Staff treated the man before the arrival of emergency services however he required significant further treatment at hospital as a result of heavy bleeding.

The second man has ran from the pub immediately following the incident. He is described as a white male, aged in his 60s with an average build and 5ft 6in tall. He was bald with very short stubbly hair and wore glasses. He also had a northern accent. He was wearing red shorts.

Detective Constable Katherine Stevens from the Hemel Local Crime Unit said: "The injury to the victim's face caused an arterial bleed and as a result a significant loss of blood. Fortunately doctors were able to stop the loss of blood.

"I would appeal to anyone who saw this serious incident or who has any information about it all including who the offender might be, to contact me as soon as possible."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Stevens on katherine.stevens@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/47051/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
