```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a series of arrest warrants as part of an operation targeting organised crime groups (OCGs) across the country.
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: Arrests made during national operation targeting organised crime groups
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-made-during-national-operation-targeting-organised-crime-groups-0283
```

* ### Five arrested during joint operation targeting organised crime

 * ### Arrests made as part of a European wide operation

Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a series of arrest warrants as part of an operation targeting organised crime groups (OCGs) across the country.

Five arrests were made as part of the long-running European wide Operation Venetic, in partnership with the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU), National Crime Agency (NCA) and Europol.

Officers from the Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Command executed warrants under Operation Relentless, targeting individuals that have links to organised crime and drug supply networks. The activities were supported by local policing teams and Scorpion units.

Ian Harris, 49, from Pentland Road, Bushey was charged with conspiracy to supply controlled drugs and remanded into custody.

Four other arrests were made:

 * A 36 year old woman from Hertford was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with Intent to supply, profiting from or concealing proceeds of crime
 * A 32 year old man from Bushey was arrested on suspicion possession of Class A drugs with Intent to supply
 * A 56 year old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of cultivation of cannabis
 * A 45 year old man from Abbots Langley was arrested on suspicion conspiracy to supply controlled drugs

All four were released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Superintendent Matt Thompson, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Command, said: "We conducted Operation Relentless in partnership with the NCA, Europol and other forces across the UK and Europe making a series of important arrests, seizing cash and drugs, as well as gathering huge amount of intelligence on organised crime groups operating across the continent.

"This was an effective collaborative operation working with colleagues in various agencies at local, regional and national level to disrupt organised crime groups operating across borders. This joined up approach means we can target criminals impacting on our county even if they are based in other countries.

"Through Operation Relentless we have made significant progress over the past year, making important arrests, disrupting the activities of these OCGs and dismantling their networks. We are continuing to work with our partners in other forces and agencies to make sure we take a joined up approach and pursue them wherever they may be hiding."

If you suspect that criminal activity is happening in your area, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report. If you are part of a gang or believe you are being coerced or exploited by criminal gang members you can get help and advice at www.fearless.org, which provides non-judgemental advice and allows you to give information 100% anonymously.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
