```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an arson attack at allotments in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2018
title: Appeal following arson at allotments in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-arson-at-allotments-in-Cheshunt-0206K
```

* ### Two sheds were destroyed by an arson attack at an allotment site in Halfhide Lane, Cheshunt.

 * ### The fire also caused damage to surrounding trees and it's unclear at this stage what the impact will be on local wildlife.

 * ### Anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating an arson attack at allotments in Cheshunt are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 6.30pm and 7pm on Friday, May 11, two sheds at allotments in Halfhide Lane were set alight.

Investigator Carol Francis from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit said: "The sheds and their contents, including tools and seedlings, were completely destroyed by the fire and the flames also caused damage to surrounding trees. It is unclear at this stage what impact the fire may have had on the local wildlife.

"I'm appealing for anyone who was in the area around the times stated to think back and consider whether they saw anyone acting in a suspicious manner.

"Anyone with information, no matter how small, can contact me by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference K2/18/2242 or report information online.

"If you'd prefer to provide information anonymously contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."

Arson at allotments in Cheshunt
