```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a series of assaults across the St Albans district have arrested four people this morning (Friday 17 January) as part of their ongoing enquiries.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2020
title: Four arrested in connection with assaults in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-arrested-in-connection-with-assaults-in-st-albans-1296
```

* ### A series of arrest warrants were carried out this morning (Friday 17 January)

 * ### Four people have been arrested on suspicion of GBH and robbery

 * ### They remain in police custody at this time

Police investigating a series of assaults across the St Albans district have arrested four people this morning (Friday 17 January) as part of their ongoing enquiries.

Officers from the county's Operation Scorpion teams joined colleagues from the Operational Support Group and local Safer Neighbourhood Team to carry out a series of arrest warrants at several addresses in the area.

As a result, four people were arrested on suspicion of section 18 GBH and robbery, in connection with five incidents which occurred in the district between December 9 2019 and January 13 2020.

They are:

 * A 15-year-old boy
 * A 16-year-old boy
 * A 17-year-old boy
 * A 23-year-old man

They remain in police custody at this time.

St Albans Chief Inspector Lynda Coates said: "We appreciate that there has been a lot of concern in the community following a number of incidents in recent weeks. I want to reassure people that we have been working hard to identify anyone who may have been involved and to make arrests.

"Violent crime has no place in our society and we will not hesitate to take robust action. If you suspect someone may be involved in criminal activity, please don't suffer in silence, report it to us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

The incidents in question occurred as follows:

 * Monday 9 December - GBH in York Road, St Albans
 * Thursday 2 January - GBH in Granville Road, St Albans
 * Sunday 5 January - GBH in Withy Place, Park Street
 * Sunday 5 January - Robbery in With Place, Park Street
 * Monday 13 January - GBH in Cotlandswick, London Colney.

_ _
