```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Hertfordshire are warning people not to attend an unlicensed music event believed to be planned for tonight (Saturday 16 January).
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2021
title: Police warning ahead of possible unlicensed music event
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-warning-ahead-of-possible-unlicensed-music-event-1095
```

* ### Police warn of fines for those who attend possible rave

 * ### The force received intelligence about planned event near Cheshunt

 * ### Officers will not hesitate to close down any events

 * ### Stay at home, stay safe and protect the NHS

Police in Hertfordshire are warning people not to attend an unlicensed music event believed to be planned for tonight (Saturday 16 January).

The force is currently investigating intelligence reports that some people are hoping to set up such an event possibly in the Cheshunt area this evening. Officers are ready to travel to suspected locations throughout the night, close down events quickly and issue fines in relation to flagrant breaches of coronavirus restrictions.

Detective Superintendent Doug Black said: "Organising such an event at this time is highly irresponsible and we are working to establish the accuracy of the information we have on the proposed event.

"The restrictions are in place to protect people from this deadly virus and we will not hesitate to close down any such event quickly and fine those in attendance. We will also look to take further action against organisers, with a view to issuing a £10,000 fine.

"My advice to anyone thinking of attending such an event is stay at home, stay safe and protect the NHS."

Earlier this week the constabulary issued 12 fixed penalty notices, including a £10,000 fine, seized music equipment and alcohol at an event in South Mimms.

If you have any information, you can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, launch an online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online. Please ensure you understand the Gov.UK guidance before you report a possible breach via your local borough or district council. If you're not sure which district you're in, you can use the county council website's postcode finder.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/herts-echo and tell us your thoughts.
