```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team will be holding a police surgery for the residents of Birchwood on Saturday (18 January).
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: Meet your local officers at Birchwood Leisure Centre
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-local-officers-at-birchwood-leisure-centre-1271
```

* ### Residents of Birchwood are encouraged to attend the police surgery on Saturday

 * ### It will take place between 11am and 1pm at Birchwood Leisure Centre

 * ### The surgery will be a chance for residents to speak face-to-face with officers

The Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team will be holding a police surgery for the residents of Birchwood on Saturday (18 January).

The surgery will be held between 11am and 1pm at Birchwood Leisure Centre in Longmead.

Residents are invited to come along and discuss any issues that might be affecting them within the Birchwood area.

Officers will be on hand to address any concerns and hand out crime prevention advice. They will also be signing residents up to Neighbourhood Watch, which keeps the community informed via email about crime, missing people and other information relevant to the local area.

PCSO Deborah Rogers said: "Events like these are a great chance for us to talk face-to-face and find out what you would like us to tackle. The event is aimed at those living locally who want to talk about issues in Birchwood, however we are happy to hear about any concerns regarding other areas of Hatfield and we will ensure this is fed back to the right team.

"We're here to help keep you safe, so please do come along if there is anything we can help you with."

To sign up to Neighbourhood Watch, go to owl.co.uk.

To keep up-to-date with policing in Welwyn Hatfield, go to the Welwyn Hatfield Police Facebook page at facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice.

Using the Constabulary's new feedback service echo, residents of Birchwood can quickly and easily give their views on local policing by texting the word 'Birchwood' followed by their comments to 66099.
