```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of criminal damage in Abbots Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following criminal damage in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-criminal-damage-in-abbots-langley-0671
```

* ### Did you witness an incident of criminal damage in Abbots Langley?

 * ### The incident happened on Wednesday 16 September at around 7.30am.

 * ### The rear window of a red Hyundai i20 was smashed.

Officers investigating an incident of criminal damage in Abbots Langley are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Upper Highway at approximately 7.30am on Wednesday 16 September.

The rear window of a red Hyundai i20, which was parked on the road, was smashed. The car's tyres were also punctured and the bodywork was also damaged.

A man dressed in a black hoodie and black trousers was seen nearby, carrying a crowbar. He got into a small black hatchback car which drove off up Long Elms.

PC Radu Vernica, who is investigating, said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who may have been in the area at the time of the offence, and may have seen what happened.

"We believe the damage to the car was made with a blunt implement, the act of which would have likely made a noise. Did you hear anything?

"People would likely have been travelling to work at that time in the morning so if you think you witnessed anything of note, please get in touch as soon as possible.

"If you think you may have any information, even if it seems insignificant, we would like to hear from you."

You can email PC Vernica at _radu.vernica@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/74250/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
