```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 18 May 2020
title: "Witness appeal following a fatal collision \u2013 Oxhey Hall"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-a-fatal-collision-oxhey-hall-0129
```

* ### Officers are investigating a fatal collision which happened in Oxhey Hall on Friday 15 May

 * ### A motorcycle and a car were in collision on Brookdene Avenue, resulting in the motorcyclist suffering fatal injuries

 * ### If you saw what happened, or were driving in the area at the time and have a dash cam, then please get in touch quoting ISR 295 of 15 May

Officers investigating a fatal collision are appealing for witnesses and information.

It happened on Brookdene Avenue in Oxhey Hall just before 12.40pm on Friday 15 May.

A red and black Honda motorcycle and a white Skoda car were in collision, causing the motorcyclist - a 19 year old man - to suffer serious injuries which proved to be fatal.

His next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers.

The driver of the Skoda, a man in his 40s, was not injured. He remained at the scene.

PC Felicity Moody, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family of the young man who sadly lost his life on Friday, and we are conducting extensive enquiries to determine the circumstances of the collision.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet spoken with police. Equally, if you have a working dash cam fitted to your vehicle and you were travelling along Brookdene Avenue at the time of the incident, we would like to hear from you.

"Lastly, if you live in the vicinity of the collision and have either CCTV or a doorbell camera fitted to your property, but have not yet had a visit from police, please get in touch as you may have captured something of interest."

You can email PC Moody at felicity.moody@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 295 of 15 May** , or **Operation Campus.**

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
