```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Pupils from Hertford Heath Primary School have become the latest to complete the Constabulary\u2019s Mini Police programme."
publish:
  date: 16 May 2019
title: Proud pupils complete Mini Police programme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/proud-pupils-complete-mini-police-programme-0224a
```

* ### Pupils from Hertford Heath primary completed the eight-week programme.

 * ### They learnt about a range of subjects, including staying safe.

 * ### They were presented with certificates during a visit to Bishop's Stortford police station.

Pupils from Hertford Heath Primary School have become the latest to complete the Constabulary's Mini Police programme.

To mark the end of the eight-week project, 31 children from the school visited Bishop's Stortford police station to collect certificates from Sergeant Duncan Wallace.

During their visit, they also had a tour of the station and got to look around police vehicles.

PCSO Deborah Mead, who led the programme at the school, said: "Mini Police is a fantastic scheme which allows us to engage with the younger members of our community in a fun and informative way.

"Over the past eight weeks the children have learnt about a range of subjects, such as anti-social behaviour, bullying, personal and cyber safety. One of the highlights of the programme for them was conducting a traffic operation outside their school, where they spoke to speeding drivers about the dangers of their actions."

She continued: "It was great to be able to present the pupils with their certificates in recognition of their hard work and hopefully they will be able to take forward everything that they have learnt, as they progress into secondary school and beyond."

Mini Police is a fun and interactive volunteering opportunity for children aged between 9 and 11 and sees them support their local force through participation in community events. The programme aims to build trust with communities, promote responsible citizenship and help young people establish an interest and understanding in policing and community safety.

The scheme launched at schools across Hertfordshire in 2018, thanks to funding from Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd.

"This is a fantastic scheme which engages young people and gives them lots of training and information to keep them safe," said Mr Lloyd. "I was pleased to be able to fund a countywide roll-out of the scheme so that even more children can take advantage of this programme."

**

**
