```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV photo of a man who might be able to help with their enquiries after a bicycle was stolen in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 3 Apr 2019
title: CCTV appeal following bike theft in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-bike-theft-in-borehamwood-0010j
```

* ### The bicycle was stolen from the Borehamwood Library car park in Shenley Road at around midday on Thursday, March 21.

 * ### It is believed that the man pictured could have information about what happened.

 * ### If you recognise him, contact PC Darren Arbuthnott on 101 or via email at darren.arbuthnott@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting 41/26255/19.

Officers have released a CCTV photo of a man who might be able to help with their enquiries after a bicycle was stolen in Borehamwood.

The bicycle was stolen from the Borehamwood Library car park in Shenley Road at around midday on Thursday, March 21.

It is believed that the man pictured may have been in the area around the time of the offence and he could have information about what happened.

PC Darren Arbuthnott, from the Borehamwood and Elstree Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I appreciate the quality of the photo could be better but I hope that someone recognises the man by his clothing.

"If you recognise him, please get in touch by calling 101 or by emailing quoting 41/26255/19.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who thinks they might have seen the bike since it was stolen, or anyone who thinks they might have been offered it for sale. It's a black and yellow Mizani Encore mountain bike. Please don't hesitate to get in touch if you think you might be able to help us locate it."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

** **
