```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision involving a cyclist are appealing for anyone who believes they saw the victim on his bike shortly before the incident to get in touch.
publish:
  date: 18 May 2018
title: Did you see cyclist shortly before fatal collision?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-see-cyclist-shortly-before-fatal-collision-0231C
```

* ### Police re-appeal for witnesses to collision involving cyclist in Radlett Road, near High Cross.

 * ### Officers would like to speak to anyone who saw cyclist Nicholas Keeler shortly before the collision that killed him.

 * ### Nicholas was cycling home from work when he was involved in a collision with a motor vehicle at around 12.40am on Sunday, February 11.

Officers investigating a fatal road traffic collision involving a cyclist are appealing for anyone who believes they saw the victim on his bike shortly before the incident to get in touch.

The collision, which happened at around 12.40am on Sunday, February 11, along Radlett Road, near High Cross, involved a motor vehicle and cyclist. They were both travelling through Aldenham towards Watford.

Sadly, the cyclist - 44 year old Nicholas Keeler, from Kings Langley - died at the scene.

Investigating officer Robin Ansell, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit said: "I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen Nicholas prior to the collision as he travelled home from work on his bicycle to get in touch as you may have information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Forensic Collision Investigation Unit by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference J1/18/677 (Operation Redan), or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 41 year old man from Watford and a 25 year old woman from Willesden, London, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving remain released under investigation while enquiries continue.
