```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been charged and remanded after class A drugs were seized in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2021
title: Two charged following drugs arrest in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-charged-following-drugs-arrest-in-welwyn-garden-city-1284
```

* ### Two men have been charged with possession of class A drugs with intent to supply

 * ### The men were arrested in Cole Green Lane yesterday (Thursday 4 March)

 * ### Officers seized 152 wraps of crack and heroin

Two men have been charged and remanded after class A drugs were seized in Welwyn Garden City.

Officers stopped a Toyota Prius in Woodhall Parade, Cole Green Lane yesterday (Thursday 4 March).

A search was carried out and 152 wraps of crack and heroin were seized, along with hundreds of pounds worth of cash.

Two men were subsequently arrested and charged:

 * Ivan Radics, aged 50, of no fixed abode, has been charged with possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and driving without insurance
 * Saeb Aboray, aged 25, of no fixed abode, has been charged with possession of class A drugs with intent to supply

Both men were remanded and appeared at Hatfield Magistrates' Court today (Friday 5 March). They have been remanded for Crown Court and will attend a plea and trial preparation hearing on Tuesday 6 April.

You can report information about drug dealing online (opens in a new window) or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat (opens in a new window) or call the non-emergency number 101.

If the crime is in progress call 999 straight away.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in a new window).
