```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested after officers were given extra stop and search powers in Hatfield overnight.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: Two arrested following Section 60 in Hatfield overnight
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-following-section-60-in-hatfield-overnight-0822
```

Two people have been arrested after officers were given extra stop and search powers in Hatfield overnight.

Section 60 stop and search powers were authorised for between 6pm last night (Sunday 1 November) and 9am this morning (Monday 2 November). The Section 60 applied to the two areas in the attached maps and it meant that anyone in these areas could be searched for weapons without the police officer having reasonable grounds of suspicion for each person searched.

This legislation is different to the stop and search powers they already have, which can be used at any time but when used officers must have reasonable grounds.

Throughout the night, officers were patrolling the areas both on foot and in vehicles. Very few people were out but of those that the police came across, they were all given crime prevention advice and reminded of the COVID-19 regulations.

A number of stop searches were carried out, resulting in one person being issued with a traffic offence report for having no insurance and another being dealt with by way of a community resolution for possession of cannabis.

At around 1.30am this morning, a vehicle was stopped in Walker Grove, resulting in two arrests:

 * A 20 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of class B drugs (cannabis) with intent to supply and possession of counterfeit currency.
 * A 19 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of class B drugs (cannabis) with intent to supply, taking a vehicle without consent, and driving whilst uninsured and without a licence.

Both men have been bailed.

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "I'm pleased to say that no knives were found and I hope that the public feel reassured by the arrests made.

"This was the second Section 60 we used over the weekend after two serious incidents; the first being a stabbing and assault on Thursday in Bishops Square and the second being a large gathering involving anti-social behaviour at College Lane campus on Saturday.

"We know that this has caused concern in the local community and so please be assured that we are treating these incidents extremely seriously. We are working closely with the university to investigate what happened and bring any offenders to justice as well as working together to help prevent further incidents and protect the public."

Between Friday and Sunday:

 * A 20 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray and possession of an offensive weapon in connection with the incident on Saturday night. He has been released on bail with strict conditions not to enter Hatfield. He was also issued with a COVID fine.
 * A 21 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH) in connection with both incidents on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * A 20 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of Section 18 Grievous Bodily Harm (GBH) in connection with both incidents on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * A 19 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * An 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * An 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * An 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * A 19 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * An 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * A 19 year old man from Chigwell was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.
 * An 18 year old man from London was arrested on suspicion of affray on Thursday night. He has been released on bail.

Photo credit: Google Maps
