```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have discovered and dismantled a cannabis factory in Brookmans Park.
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2021
title: Police dismantle Brookmans Park cannabis factory
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-dismantle-brookmans-park-cannabis-factory-1342
```

* ### A total of 270 cannabis plants were found at an address in Brookmans Avenue

 * ### Three males made off from the address and anyone with information about them should contact police

 * ### The plants are estimated to have a street value of approximately £150,000

Police have discovered and dismantled a cannabis factory in Brookmans Park.

Following information from the public, officers from the constabulary's Operational Support Group, raided a house in Brookmans Avenue on Wednesday 10 March. Inside, they found a total of 270 cannabis plants spread across five rooms - worth a street value of around £150,000.

Three white males made off from the house during the raid and despite a thorough search of the area, with assistance from the police helicopter, they remain outstanding at this time. An investigation has been launched and anyone with information, including information about the three males, is urged to contact police or speak to CrimeStoppers anonymously.

Sergeant James Stopford, from the Welwyn Hatfield South Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We're pleased to have prevented these drugs from getting onto the streets and causing misery to lives.

"Cannabis factories are often linked to the exploitation of society's most vulnerable. As well as it being deeply unpleasant for local neighbours, the factories can pose a fire hazard as they use large amounts of water and electricity which are often syphoned from other people's supplies.

"We are doing everything we can to drive drug related crime out of the local area and the public can assist us by reporting any behaviour that seems to be suspicious, as soon as possible. Any information you provide, no matter how small, might be the missing piece of the jigsaw we need to apprehend an offender."

You can report information online (opens in a new window) or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat (opens in a new window) or call the non-emergency number 101.

If the crime is in progress call 999 straight away.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

If you have information about the cannabis factory in Brookmans Avenue, please quote crime reference 41/17316/20 when you report it.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts (opens in a new window).
