```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Officer held two events at the YMCA Youth Hub in Peartree Lane last week (March 19 and 20) where he spoke with over 30 young people between the ages of 11 to 18.
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2018
title: Police meet with YMCA Youth Hub to help drive down ASB
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-meet-with-YMCA-Youth-Hub-to-help-drive-down-ASB-1838B
```

* ### PC James Tassell held two events with the YMCA Youth Hub in Welwyn Garden City.

 * ### More than 30 young people between the ages of 11 and 18 attended.

 * ### PC Tassell talked about crime prevention, securing valuables and steering clear of anti-social behaviour.

A Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team Officer held two events at the YMCA Youth Hub in Peartree Lane last week (March 19 and 20) where he spoke with over 30 young people between the ages of 11 to 18.

PC James Tassell is based at Welwyn Garden City police station. Last February (2016) he was given responsibility for tackling anti-social behaviour (ASB) hotspots at Woodhall Shops, Peartree, Howlands, Hall Grove and Holly Bush in Welwyn Garden City as part of the Constabulary's plans to drive down incidents of disorder in these areas.

PC Tassell is providing an extra, dedicated, resource to tackle the areas' more serious problems of on-going ASB and associated crime with a view to introducing long term solutions to overcome the issues. He is working alongside partner agencies in this work and is supported by PC Darren Turner and PCSO Dan Hill.

As part of his role PC Tassell visits the Youth Hub every few months. During his latest visits last week, he talked to the young people about personal safety, crime prevention and marking their bikes and gadgets to protect them from theft. He also discussed anti-social behaviour and how it can negatively affect others.

The large majority of the young people who attend the Hub have not been involved in ASB themselves, however a small number of them will have been in the past or will know someone who has.

**PC Tassell said:** "The events went well and both the young people and youth workers enjoyed the sessions. I have a good relationship with the Youth Hub and the many young people who regularly attend.

"This work is a vital part of tackling ASB in local areas as it helps me to get to know and better understand the few local young people who may have been involved in nuisance behaviour in the past, or have witnessed their friends involved. By doing this I can build up trust and work with the youngsters themselves.

"ASB is a significant worry for local people and I therefore talked about what is acceptable behaviour, how to deal with situations if they find themselves part of a group behaving in an anti-social manner and what the consequences could be.

"The group responded well and took on board what I was saying. I shall therefore continue to use this forum as an effective way to keep engaging with local young people."

**Timothy Lengden, a Youth Worker at the YMCA Youth Hub, said:** "The session was useful because it helps local police to build relationships with young people, so they can put their trust in the police. Overall it went really well, the young people had many questions for the officers about crime and they had the chance to discuss how they felt there was a negative view about young people in the area. We shall continue to look forward to PC Tassell's visits."

**Tackling ASB through Operation Brillo**

The work that PC Tassell is involved with the YMCA Youth Hub is Operation Brillo, is part of an on-going drive which aims to tackle ASB and disorderly behaviour at hotspots in Welwyn Garden City, including Woodall Shops and Peartree. Officers have also been conducting visible and covert patrols and a number of individuals have been stopped and searched.

Through work with Welwyn Hatfield Council letters have been sent to parents of young people involved in low level ASB and in some cases home visits have been carried out. The team has also utilised Criminal Behaviour Orders (CBO), Community Protection Notices (CPN), Community Protection Notice Warning (CPNW) and Acceptable Behaviour Contracts (ABC) to encourage young people to change their behaviour.

To help the force in its fight against ASB, the public can help by reporting suspicious behaviour as soon as possible via the non-emergency number 101 or online so that we can take appropriate action. If a crime is in progress always dial 999.

If you would like to speak to PC Tassell about any crimes or concerns, he can be contacted by calling 01707 638012 and asking for him by name, or he can be contact by email.

PC James Tassell
