```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of racially aggravated assault in Watford are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2019
title: Witness appeal following assault in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-watford-0968
```

* ### A teenage girl was assaulted by three other teenage girls.

 * ### The incident happened on the High Street in Watford.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses.

Officers investigating an incident of racially aggravated assault in Watford are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

The incident happened on the High Street on Thursday 22 August, between 4pm and 4.20pm.

The victim was pushed, slapped across the face and had her hair pulled by three teenage girls.

PC Thomas Coulton, who is investigating, said: "Due to the nature of the comments made during this incident, we are treating this as a racially aggravated assault. Understandably, the victim was incredibly shaken up by what happened.

"We are aware that this occurred a while ago now but, as we have now exhausted all other lines of enquiry, we want to make sure we give any other witnesses the chance to come forward. If you did see what happened, the chances are it would have stuck in your mind.

"If you believe that you may have witnessed the incident take place, or have any information you think could assist our investigation, please get in touch."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/76452/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
