```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested while a section 60 order was put in place in Borehamwood last night (Wednesday 11 September).
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2019
title: Two arrests following section 60 order in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrests-following-section-60-order-in-borehamwood-0756
```

* ### The order centred around the Leeming Road area.

 * ### Two people were arrested and one person was reported.

 * ### Heightened patrols will remain in the area.

Two people were arrested while a section 60 order was put in place in Borehamwood last night (Wednesday 11 September), following intelligence that some people may be carrying knives in certain parts of the town.

Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act (1994) gives additional powers to police officers, which allow them to stop and search anyone in a particular area for a set period of time.

It temporarily suspends the requirement for police officers to have 'reasonable grounds' to stop and search someone.

The order ran from 4pm on Wednesday until 2am today (Thursday), centring on Leeming Road and the area bordered by:

• Borehamwood railway station

• Allum Lane

• Shenley Road

• Theobald Street up to Rossington Avenue

• Green Street up to Kitwells Lodge

Six people were stopped and searched while the order was in place, leading to two arrests:

• A 44-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs. He remains in custody at this time.

• A 16-year-old boy from Borehamwood was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and a public order offence, in relation to incidents which reportedly occurred in Leeming Road earlier in the week. He remains in police custody at this time.

Additionally, an 18-year-old man was reported for possession of cannabis.

Hertsmere Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Mark Bilsdon said: "These measures were taken in response to intelligence suggesting that a small number of people may have been carrying knives in certain parts of the town. This is by no means a large group of people and we have reason to believe they are known to one another.

"We are pleased with the results from last night and it was encouraging that no knives were found. However, our work does not stop here. We will have heightened police patrols in the area, both overt and covert, and will continue to work with our local partners to find long-term solutions to the issues.

"There are serious consequences if you choose to carry a knife. Not only will you face a possible custodial sentence and criminal record, which could affect your job prospects in later life, but you could cause yourself or another person serious injury or worse. While some people feel pressured to carry a knife, perhaps as protection or because their friends say it will earn them respect or make others fear them, the truth is that it simply puts you in more danger."

If you have any concerns about crime or anti-social behaviour in your local area you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

Under the Home Office's best use of stop and search scheme Hertfordshire Constabulary will, where practicable, publicise Section 60s to the public.

Find out more about section 60s on our website.
