```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents are being asked to check their CCTV and doorbell cameras after two Range Rovers were stolen from addresses in Harpenden last night.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2019
title: Range Rovers stolen in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/range-rovers-stolen-in-harpenden-1126f
```

* ## Residents are being asked to check their CCTV and doorbell cameras after two Range Rovers were stolen from addresses in Harpenden last night.

 * ## Think about extra security measures such as: park a second car in front of their Range Rover, park it preferably close to movement activated lights and use a crook lock.

 * ## Call us if you see anyone or any vehicles acting suspiciously in your neighbourhood.

Residents are being asked to check their CCTV and doorbell cameras after two Range Rovers were stolen from addresses in Harpenden last night.

One was stolen from Townsend Drive at around 12.35am and a second one was stolen from an address in Dalkeith Road **,** also in the early hours of this morning.

"We are now investigating a series of thefts of Range Rovers, which are being taken from addresses in Harpenden overnight," said St Albans Detective Inspector Alex(andra) Warwick.

Since November 22, there have been eight Range Rovers stolen from Harpenden, including the two last night. One was also stolen from Green Lane in St Albans on November 25 which was later recovered in Hemel Hempstead.

DI Warwick said: "I'd encourage residents to think about extra security measures such as: park a second car in front of their Range Rover, park it preferably close to movement activated lights and use a crook lock. The newer vehicles come with trackers but there may be options to either upgrade or install tracker systems. Ideally keep your keys in a faraday bag even when you are out of the house to avoid your key being cloned.

"We would also like to hear from anyone who may have captured the offenders on their CCTV or video door cameras."

She added: "I'd like to reiterate that we want to hear from anyone who sees people or vehicles acting suspiciously in their neighbourhood. Please provide descriptions of clothing and registration numbers of vehicles if you can. If you suspect a crime is about to take place, call 999. If you are reporting retrospectively, please call 101 or report online."

The other thefts happened on:

 * Farm Avenue in Harpenden between midnight and 6am on November 29.
 * Park Mount between 10pm on December 1 and 6.30am on December 2
 * The Deerings between 7pm and 10.30am on November 22.
 * Mount Park between 6.30pm on November 28 and 8.15am on November 29.
 * Southdown Road between 1.30am on November 23 and 9am on November 24.
 * Aldwickbury Crescent at 11.35pm on November 28.
