```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Flamstead yesterday (Monday 8 February).
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2021
title: Appeal following burglary in Flamstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-flamstead-1174
```

* ### Officers are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Flamstead.

 * ### The incident happened yesterday (Monday 8 February) between 11am and 12pm.

 * ### The offender(s) stole a large amount of jewellery and some cash.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Flamstead yesterday (Monday 8 February).

Between 11.15am and 12pm, a property in Old Watling Street was broken into.

Extensive damage was caused to the back entrance of the property in order for the offender(s) to gain access. They conducted an untidy search of the house, before stealing a large amount of jewellery and some cash.

The offenders were disturbed by the victims returning home, and fled the scene via the back of the property.

PC Jake Smith, who is investigating, said: "The victims are understandably distressed and very shaken up following the incident. I would like to directly appeal to anyone with any information to come forward.

"The victims were reportedly approached by two women who overheard the commotion, and informed them that they had seen a green car speeding away from the area towards the Esso garage. We would like to speak to those two women - if you were one of them, or if you know who they were, please get in touch. We believe they may have vital information and could be key witnesses.

"Alternatively, if you were in the area of Old Watling Street between the hours of 11am and 12pm and think you may have witnessed some suspicious activity, please get in contact as soon as possible. Any information, even something that may seem relatively minor or insignificant, could be key to our investigation."

If you have any information, you can contact PC Smith directly via email at Jake.Smith@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference **41/9474/21**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
