```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting Special Constabulary Superintendents and Chief Inspectors to form part of its Senior Leadership Team.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2018
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary is recruiting volunteer Superintendents and Chief Inspectors
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-is-recruiting-volunteer-Superintendents-Chief-Inspectors-1596ALL
```

* ### Police are seeking volunteer Superintendents and Chief Inspectors to join its Special Constabulary.

 * ### As well as existing Special Constables, the force is keen to welcome professional leaders with no previous policing experience.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting Special Constabulary Superintendents and Chief Inspectors to form part of its Senior Leadership Team.

The Special Superintendents and Chief Inspectors will be motivational, dynamic and emotionally intelligent leaders. Successful applicants will play pivotal roles in the volunteer police workforce and will provide strategic and operational direction in the leadership of its 250 Special Constables.

 * The closing date for the Special Superintendent vacancy is February 19. If you wish to apply for this vacancy please follow click this link.
 * The closing date for the Special Chief Inspector vacancy is February 26. If you wish to apply for this vacancy please click this link.

**Special Constabulary Chief Officer Mark Kendrew, said:** "We are seeking applications for both Superintendent and Chief Inspectors positions. Hertfordshire Constabulary is keen to attract fresh talent to the organisation, therefore candidates from outside the force with relevant, transferable skills and experience at this level are invited to apply, as well as serving Special Constables of all ranks."

For further information about these voluntary roles, please visit Herts Police Careers.

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as road policing, prisoner processing and the investigation of child sexual exploitation, cybercrime and domestic abuse. Special Constables with specialist IT knowledge also work alongside police officers and staff who manage registered sex offenders.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.
