```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Watford.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following criminal damage in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-criminal-damage-in-watford-1276
```

* ### The incident happened on Wednesday 10 February at the Esso petrol station in St Albans Road

 * ### At around 12.30pm, a black BMW was damaged

 * ### If you can help, call 101 or email PC Harrison Newbury-Kemp at harrison.newbury-kemp@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting 41/9998/21

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an incident of criminal damage in Watford.

At around 12.30pm on Wednesday 10 February, a black BMW was damaged at the Esso petrol station in St Albans Road.

PC Harrison Newbury-Kemp, who is investigating, said: "The vehicle was left with visible scratch marks and I'm appealing for witnesses and anyone with information to get in touch.

"Were you in the area? Did you see what happened? Or do you have information about the incident? I'm particularly keen to hear from anyone who was using the automated car wash at the time of the offence as you may have seen or heard what happened.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at harrison.newbury-kemp@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/9998/21."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
