```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North\u2019s Safer Neighbourhood Team are holding a property and bike marking event at Welwyn Garden City Police Station, Bridge Road on Saturday, January 6."
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2018
title: Cycle and property marking event to be held in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cycle-and-property-marking-event-to-be-held-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-1411
```

* ### Free property and bike marking to be held in Welwyn Garden City

 * ### Security marking helps to keep your valuables more secure

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield North's Safer Neighbourhood Team are holding a property and bike marking event at Welwyn Garden City Police Station, Bridge Road on Saturday, January 6.

The event will be held between 9am and 2pm and will see Safer Neighbourhood Team police officers and Police Community Support Officers (PSCOs) offering the public the chance to have their property or bicycles security marked.

**Safer Neighbourhood Team David Stansbury, said:** "After Christmas people are likely to have brand new bicycles, electronic items or even tools which have been given to them as presents which will be tempting to would-be thieves.

"Property and bike marking can help to keep new possessions more secure because if they are stolen, there is more chance we can reunite them with their rightful owners if recovered.

"It can also act as a deterrent to thieves. If we catch a thief with a bike which has been security marked, we can quickly establish that a crime has been committed and make an arrest.

"Why not come along to the event to have your property security marked and give yourself peace of mind that your valuables are more secure?"

**There are some other very simple things you can do to deter opportunist thieves from stealing your bike or other valuables:**

 * Register your bike and valuables on www.immobilise.com, a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike or property does get stolen, you have more chance of them being returned to you.
 * Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into the newsagents. The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * If you are at home make sure your bike is locked away securely.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.
 * Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike.
 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen or contact your local cycle shop, as most will mark them for a small cost. You can contact us for advice on other property marking initiatives available on 101.
