```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in Hertfordshire are warning people to remain vigilant following reports of an elaborate scam to trick people out of vast sums of money and high-value jewellery.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: Police warning around elaborate lottery win scam
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-warning-around-elaborate-lottery-win-scam-1131
```

* ### Victims are being targeted by fraudsters falsely claiming to have won the lottery.

 * ### The fraudsters state they cannot claim the prize money as they are illegal immigrants and ask for victims to claim on their behalf.

 * ### Some victims have lost thousands of pounds.

 * ### If you are contacted in similar circumstances, please report it to police.

Detectives in Hertfordshire are warning people to remain vigilant following reports of an elaborate scam to trick people out of vast sums of money and high-value jewellery.

Victims in North Herts have reportedly been approached by an offender claiming to be an illegal immigrant who has won the lottery.

The offender states that they are unable to claim the lottery win due to their immigration status and asks the victim to claim it on their behalf, in return for a cut of the prize money.

The offender then asks for a surety from the victim, which is typically cash or high-value jewellery.

Five reports have been received so far with some victims losing thousands of pounds.

The incidents are being investigated by Operation Manhunt, Hertfordshire Constabulary's specialist team which deals with distraction burglary and other crimes which target the elderly and vulnerable.

Detective Constable Kirsty Rusbridge said: "This is the first time we have seen this method being used in Hertfordshire and we want to get the message out to people to help prevent them from falling prey to these callous fraudsters.

"It has been reported that the offender often has an accomplice who poses as a member of the public, keen to take up the offer. If you are approached in similar circumstances, please don't hand over any cash or belongings and contact police straight away.

"Please also share this advice with neighbours, friends and relatives so we can spread the word as far as possible."

If you have been approached in similar circumstances, please contact police on the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form.No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
