```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police and partner organisations came together for an operation in East Herts this week, aimed at disrupting and identifying criminals using the road network.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: Working in partnership to disrupt criminals in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/working-in-partnership-to-disrupt-criminals-in-east-herts-0165a
```

* ### Op Acura aims to detect and disrupt criminals using the roads in East Herts.

 * ### 238 vehicles were stopped by police during the latest operation.

 * ### Representatives from East Herts Council and HMRC also attended.

Police and partner organisations came together for an operation in East Herts this week, aimed at disrupting and identifying criminals using the road network.

More than 230 vehicles were stopped as part of the latest Op Acura event, which was held on the A1184 between Spellbrook and Sawbridgeworth, on Tuesday (April 30).

A number of drivers were issued with Traffic Offence Reports (TOR*) for insurance and MOT offences. Defect notices were also issued to drivers whose vehicle were examined and found to be non-compliant with regards to lighting and tyres.

Additionally, representatives from East Herts Council engaged with a handful of drivers who were found to be non-compliant with carriage of waste regulations, while HMRC's hidden economy team have taken a number of referrals away for further investigation.

Sergeant Duncan Wallace, who oversaw the operation, said: "We regularly run Op Acura at locations across East Herts, to proactively gather intelligence about who is travelling through the area and to detect and disrupt criminality. In addition, it allows us to remove potentially dangerous vehicles and drivers from our road network, whilst proactively checking the status of waste materials being transported through the district.

"As many local residents will be aware, we have suffered this year with several large-scale fly-tipping incidents across rural East Herts and tackling this issue remains a local priority. By conducting operations such as this alongside our partners, we can check that those who are carrying waste are fully licenced and acting lawfully.

"While the majority of the people we stop are fully law abiding, we do come across those who are committing traffic or higher level criminal offences. I would like to thank those law abiding drivers who were stopped and spoken to, for their continued support."

* A TOR can be issued by police for a minor road traffic offence and can lead to drivers receiving a fine, points on their licence or a court summons.
