```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Acceptable Behaviour Agreements have been issued to four teenagers following ongoing anti-social behaviour and criminal damage in and around Tesco, Shenley and the Shenley Park Trust area.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2019
title: Anti-social behaviour dealt with in Shenley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/anti-social-behaviour-dealt-with-in-shenley-md2480
```

* **Acceptable Behaviour Agreements have been issued to four teenagers following ongoing anti-social behaviour and criminal damage in Shenley.**

 * **The problem became one of the neighbourhood priorities for Potters Bar and Shenley. **

 * **Since the ABAs were issued and police involved parents, there have been no calls reporting anti-social behaviour in Shenley. **

Acceptable Behaviour Agreements have been issued to four teenagers following ongoing anti-social behaviour and criminal damage in and around Tesco, Shenley and the Shenley Park Trust area.

The problem became so big with dozens of calls from concerned residents over a few months that it became one of the neighbourhood priorities for Potters Bar and Shenley.

PC Sophie Stalley, who worked with PCSO Chris Ramdeen from the _Potters Bar and Shenley Safer Neighbourhood Team,_ said: "We put an action plan in place, which included increased patrols, identifying the young people causing the problems and we worked with their parents, who have been very supportive of our action. Some grounded their children as a result. We issued the main offenders with Acceptable Behaviour Agreements - which is a voluntary agreement between a young person behaving anti-socially and the police or council. If they breach these, it can be used as supporting evidence for a Criminal Behaviour Order."

She continued: "Since we issued the ABAs and involved the parents of the teenage boys and girls, we've had no calls reporting anti-social behaviour in Shenley. We hope this reassures the Shenley community that we acted on your information. Please continue to let us know about any ASB incidents affecting your quality of life as there are multiple tools we can use."

Between September and December 2018, 25 incidents of ASB were reported in Shenley as well as 13 crimes, which included anti-Semitic criminal damage.

The young people are aged between 13 and 15.
