```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in St Albans last night (Wednesday 9 October).
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2019
title: Witness appeal following fatal road traffic collision in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-st-albans-0883
```

* ### Witnesses to a fatal road traffic collision on Redbourn Road, St Albans are being sought.

 * ### The collision took place around 11.45pm on Wednesday, 9 October.

 * ### Witnesses are asked to call 101 quoting ISR 900 of 9 October.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Serious Collision Investigation Unit are appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in St Albans last night (Wednesday 9 October).

At 11.45pm police and the ambulance service were called to the A5183 Redbourn Road in St Albans to a collision involving a silver Mercedes Benz 350 and a silver Peugeot 308 convertible.

Sadly both the 72 year old male driver of the Mercedes and the 55 year old female driver of the Peugeot sustained injuries which proved fatal.

Police Constable Felicity Moody of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the families and friends of both drivers and specially trained officers are supporting them at this very difficult time.

"We are investigating what happened and as part of this would like to hear from anyone who saw the collision or who may have seen the vehicles prior to it.

"If you were in the area at the time and have a dash cam fitted, please review it and contact us with any relevant footage."

Anyone with information about the collision is asked to report it online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 900 of 9 October.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
