```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2018
title: Appeal for witnesses following a collision in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-witnesses-following-a-collision-in-Hoddesdon
```

* Did you witness a collision on Essex Road, at the junction with Pindar Road?
 * It involved a van and a moped
 * Please call 101 quoting ISR 583 of November 26

Officers investigating a collision in Hoddesdon are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at around 6pm on Sunday, November 26 on Essex Road at the junction with Pindar Road.

Following new information coming to light, officers believe there were a number of people who witnessed the aftermath of the collision and are keen to trace them as part of their enquiries - in particular a man and a woman who stopped to assist those involved.

Prior to the collision on Essex Road, it was reported that there was a road rage incident in Stephenson Close between 5.15pm and 5.30pm involving a moped and a Land Rover.

Immediately after this, it is reported that both vehicles were involved in a pursuit in several roads around the Pindar estate before the moped was in collision with a van on Essex Road.

The riders on the moped, two teenage boys, were thrown from the vehicle and one suffered several broken bones. The driver of the van was uninjured. Officers attended the scene, alongside the ambulance service.

Detective Constable Rebecca March, from the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "This incident happened on a very busy main road at a time of day when there would have been a lot of people around. Following extensive enquiries, we now know there were a number of people at the scene following the collision. If you have not already spoken to us, we would be very keen to hear from you as you may have information about the incident that could assist with our enquiries."

If you were one of the people at the scene, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 583 of November 26 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
