```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a 67-year-old woman was spat at in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 4 Aug 2020
title: "Common assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/common-assault-in-bishops-stortford-0456
```

* ### The incident occurred in Pig Lane.

 * ### A woman aged in her 60s was reportedly spat at by a male driver.

 * ### Officers are keen to trace a woman who drove past just after the incident.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a 67-year-old woman was spat at in Bishop's Stortford.

The incident occurred in Pig Lane, sometime between 11am and 11.30am on Tuesday 28 July.

A man is reported to have confronted the woman and spat in her face, after their vehicle wing mirrors clipped while they were driving in opposite directions.

The man is described as white, aged between 25 and 30, strongly built with muscled arms and light brown hair. He was wearing a white T-shirt and driving a white saloon.

PCSO Adam Pemberton said: "The woman, whose husband was driving at the time, was very frightened during the incident and was left shaken by what happened.

"It is believed that a woman drove past the victim, towards Bishop's Stortford, after the incident occurred. We'd like to speak with this woman, as she may be able to assist us with the investigation. If this was you, please get in touch.

"We'd also like to hear from anyone else who may be able to help us identify this man."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/59593/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.
