```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized after police executed a series of drugs warrants in Bishop\u2019s Stortford yesterday (Wednesday 24 March)."
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2021
title: "Series of warrants executed in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/series-of-warrants-executed-in-bishops-stortford-1354
```

* ### The warrants were carried out at five addresses.

 * ### Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs was seized.

 * ### People are urged to keep reporting their concerns to police.

Two people were arrested and a quantity of suspected Class A drugs were seized after police executed a series of drugs warrants in Bishop's Stortford yesterday (Wednesday 24 March).

Around 80 officers were involved in the operation, which was led by the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, with support from colleagues in Broxbourne, the Operational Support Group, Operation Scorpion Team, the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing and Dogs units and specialist search officers.

The warrants were carried out at five addresses, around the Stortford Fields estate and in Benhooks Avenue.

Suspected Class A drugs and electrical items were seized. The two people arrested have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt, who oversaw the operation, said: "These warrants were carried out after concerns were raised by members of the public about drug use and associated criminality. No one should have to live in misery or fear and we will always do everything we can to gather intelligence and take action against those suspected of being involved in crime, as the public would rightly expect us to.

"Sadly, we're often criticised by some people for carrying out these warrants, but what people don't see is the bigger picture around how young and vulnerable people are being exploited through drug crime and the associated violence it brings to our streets. These operations help to penetrate and disrupt that wider criminal network.

"This kind of action also sends a message that we are watching. Just because we haven't knocked on your door yet, we're constantly building intelligence and it's only a matter of time until we catch up with you.

"If you have information about criminality, please report it. You can report information through the independent charity Crimestoppers if you wish to remain anonymous."

You can report information to police online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing in your local area by using our online community voice platform echo. All feedback is anonymous and is constantly reviewed, to help shape local policing priorities and initiatives. Visit echo and tell us your thoughts.
