```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer who was stopped by police whilst in Watford has been jailed for four years.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2019
title: County lines drug dealer jailed for four years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/county-lines-drug-dealer-jailed-for-four-years-982
```

* ### Drug dealer sentenced to four years

 * ### Deshaun Campbell-Ngonga, 19, plead guilty to drugs offences

 * ### Mobile phones linked to county lines drug supply were seized during the operation

A drug dealer who was stopped by police whilst in Watford has been jailed for four years.

Nineteen year old Deshaun Campbell-Ngonga, of no fixed address, was stopped by officers from the Watford Scorpion team on 30 May this year, after he was spotted acting suspiciously in Queens Road. Officers seized a mobile phone during the search, which was later found to be associated with a county line drug network operating in Watford.

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis team conducted further enquiries and identified an address in North London, used by Campbell-Ngonga. On 11 July a search warrant was served at the address whilst Campbell-Ngonga was inside and another mobile phone, linked to a county line that was operating in Basingstoke, was seized. Officers also found a quantity of cannabis and 10 grams of a cutting agent, known to be used with crack cocaine and heroin. Campbell-Ngonga was arrested and charged with supplying or offering to supply a controlled drug and remanded into custody.

Campbell-Ngonga appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 5 November, where he plead guilty and was sentenced to four years in prison.

Detective Constable Chris Duncan from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operation Mantis Team said: "This was a great piece of detective work, from the initial stop and search of the offender, which identified his links to county lines, to the subsequent investigation and arrest. It will send a message to criminals who are exporting drugs and violent crime into our communities that they will be arrested and jailed.

"We have made many significant arrests and our continuing operations are having an impact on the county lines networks operating in Hertfordshire, and we will continue to disrupt gang activities and stop the supply of drugs into our towns."

If you suspect that a property in your area is being used for criminal activity or you believe that someone you know is being exploited or coerced into crime, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at: herts.police.uk/report.

If you are part of a gang or believe you are being coerced or exploited by criminal gang members you can get help and advice at: fearless.org, which provides non-judgemental advice and allows you to give information 100% anonymously.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at: crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
