```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a commercial burglary in Hinxworth, North Herts.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Hinxworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-hinxworth-0238
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a commercial burglary in Hinxworth, North Herts.

On Thursday 21 May, between 10.25pm and 10.35pm, the offender(s) gained access to LeisureGrow by means unknown. Several items of garden furniture were stolen.

The stolen items are:

 * A five-piece relaxer set (pictured)
 * A modular dining set with an adjustable table (pictured)
 * A six seat round dining set with a stainless-steel parasol (pictured)
 * A blue gourmet burner hybrid BBQ.

The items are estimated to be worth more than £5,000 in total.

PC Zak Watson, who is investigating, said: "We have carried out extensive enquiries already in order to obtain information, and now we are asking the public for their help. Perhaps you were in the area around the time specified, and recall seeing someone suspicious in the area? Or maybe you've had the items pictured offered to you for sale, or you've seen them advertised online?

"If you have any information, please get in touch with me as soon as you can. Even something that may seem relatively insignificant could be key to our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Watson directly via email at zak.watson@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/39928/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
