```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are appealing for people to be careful about what they share online, especially those who use chatrooms and online dating sites, or who are following people they do not personally know on social media. This follows an increase in reports of Sextortion.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2021
title: Careful what you share
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/careful-what-you-share-1129e
```

* ## Residents in Stevenage warned about sextortion following an increase in offences reported.

 * ## People warned about what they choose to share on line and who they befriend on social media.

 * ## Blackmail cases involving the sharing of intimate photos or videos on line are on the increase since lockdown.

Police in Stevenage are appealing for people to be careful about what they share online, especially those who use chatrooms and online dating sites, or who are following people they do not personally know on social media. This follows an increase in reports of Sextortion.

Since the commencement of lockdown police have seen an increase in reports of people being blackmailed. Sadly, criminals are befriending victims online by using a fake identity and then persuading them to send photos or show themselves intimately on their webcam.

There have now been numerous cases reported to us where people have been blackmailed by the recipients, who are not the person as first thought from their profile and who are threatening to share the photos and videos with the victim's friends or family unless they receive a monetary payment.

Young people are also becoming victims in a similar way, where photos they have shared with previous partners are being shared extensively online.

The best way to stop yourself from becoming a victim is to be very careful about who you befriend online, especially if you're considering sharing anything of an intimate nature with them. Once something has been sent or recorded via webcam, you can't get it back and you have no idea where it will end up.

"The consequences of these crimes can have a serious impact on victims and their families so I would encourage the public to vigilant when befriending people online and sharing personal information" said Detective Inspector Lisa Turner

#### What to do if you're a victim of Sextortion

If someone threatens to share explicit images of you unless you pay them money:

 * If it's happening now - call the police on 999
 * Don't panic. Contact the police and internet service provider immediately. We will take your case seriously, deal with it in confidence and will not judge you for being in this situation.
 * Don't communicate further with the criminals. Take screen shots of all your communication. Suspend your Facebook account (but don't delete it) and use the online reporting process to report the matter to Skype, YouTube etc to have any video blocked and to set up an alert in case the video resurfaces. Deactivating the Facebook account temporarily rather than shutting it down will mean the data are preserved and will help police to collect evidence. The account can also be reactivated at any time so your online memories are not lost forever. Also, keep an eye on all the accounts which you might have linked in case the criminals try to contact you via one of those.
 * Don't pay. Many victims who have paid have continued to get more demands for higher amounts of money. In some cases, even when the demands have been met the offenders will still go on to post the explicit videos. If you have already paid, check to see if the money has been collected. If it has, and if you are able, then make a note of where it was collected from. If it hasn't, then you can cancel the payment - and the sooner you do that the better.
 * Preserve evidence. Make a note of all details provided by the offenders, for example; the Skype name (particularly the Skype ID), the Facebook URL; the Western Union or MoneyGram Money Transfer Control Number (MTCN); any photos/videos that were sent, etc. Be aware that the scammer's Skype name is different to their Skype ID, and it's the ID details that police will need. To get that, right click on their profile, select 'View Profile' and then look for the name shown in blue rather than the one above it in black. It'll be next to the word 'Skype' and will have no spaces in it. DO NOT DELETE ANY CORRESPONDENCE.

#### Further help and support

If this has happened to you and you're under 18 please talk to an adult that you trust. It may feel like there is no way out, but there are professionals who can help you. You can also get help from:

PAPYRUS provides confidential advice and support and works to prevent young suicide in the UK.

Samaritans to talk any time you like in your own way and off the record

Get Safe Online

Revenge Porn Helpline

Skype advice on protecting yourself from blackmail

Thinkuknow

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101.
