```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Investigators are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision on the A414 North Orbital Road.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal road traffic collision on A414
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-on-A414-0817
```

* ### Police are investigating after a fatal collision on the A414 North Orbital Road near London Colney

 * ### A silver Vauxhall Vivaro van had collided with the central barrier and the driver, a man in his 50s, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene

 * ### If you witnessed the collision or have any further information please contact police quoting ISR 1040 of 31 October

Investigators are appealing for witnesses, information and dash cam footage following a fatal road traffic collision on the A414 North Orbital Road.

Police were called by the ambulance service just before midnight on Saturday 31 October to report that a silver Vauxhall Vivaro had collided with the central barrier on the westbound carriageway near to London Colney.

Officers attended and despite the efforts of paramedics the driver of the van, a man in his 50s, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. His next of kin have been informed.

Inspector Peter Scholes, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the driver who sadly lost his life following this collision.

"We are investigating the circumstances of this incident and have already made several enquiries. I'm now appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision, thinks they may have information that could help, or has relevant dash cam footage to please contact us as soon as possible.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who may have seen a van matching the description driving in the area prior to the collision."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting **ISR 1040 of 31 October**.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
