```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Jewellery and cars are being stolen by burglars in Hertsmere during the school holidays.
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2018
title: Beat the burglar this school holiday in Hertsmere
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/beat-the-burglar-this-school-holiday-in-hertsmere-0045J
```

* ### Local police warn residents following burglaries.

 * ### Cars and jewellery taken.

 * ### Crime prevention advice given.

Jewellery and cars are being stolen by burglars in Hertsmere during the school holidays.

Hertsmere Detective Inspector Graeme Walsingham said: "The best thing is to try and prevent burglaries happening in the first place. Don't leave your car keys by your front door - burglars will look to see if they can break into your home quickly and take your car. If they don't see any keys in your property, they will find a home where keys are more openly on display in the front porch.

"I'd also urge residents to keep their jewellery hidden away and make sure you take photographs of any distinctive items. Please also make sure you securely lock all windows and doors, including double locking PVCu doors and invest in timer lights and smart web cam CCTV technology inside your home or on your doorbells and give your home the lived-in look."

"As some burglars have targeted homes with flat rooves, I'd also encourage residents to consider installing burglar alarms and smart web cam CCTV upstairs as well as downstairs."

_On Monday April 9, jewellery and two sets of car keys were stolen along with a Toyota Yaris from an address in Nightingale Road in Bushey between 9.30am and 3.30pm. Offender(s) smashed the rear patio doors to gain access._

_Car keys and a Seat Leon were stolen from the driveway of Arlingham Cottages in Potters Bar between 10pm on Monday April 2 and 7am on Tuesday April 3. Entry was via the front PVCu door._

_An attempted burglary happened in The Greenway in Potters Bar at 4.30am on Tuesday April 3._

DI Walsingham added: "Please report anyone acting suspiciously or any vehicle out of place. We'd rather get called to a false alarm than miss the opportunity to catch a burglar. Residents may also want to consider joining Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link where you can receive free emails about crime in your local area. Together, we can help keep Hertsmere an even safer place to live."
