```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries into the theft of a pedal cycle in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 2 Jan 2019
title: CCTV appeal following theft of pedal cycle in Abbots Langley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-of-pedal-cycle-in-abbots-langley-md2308
```

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries into the theft of a pedal cycle in Abbots Langley.

Between 4.45pm and 5.20pm on Monday December 10, a teenage boy cycled to the YMCA gym on Linnet Road with his friend and secured his bicycle to a bike rack with a padlock.

The boys then went into the gym, and while they were inside both the bike and the padlock was stolen.

PC Jamie Negrello said: ""It is believed that the man pictured was in the area at the time of the offence and could have vital information that will help the investigation.

"If you recognise him, or have information about the incident, please get in touch with me through email at jamie.negrello@herts.pnn.police.uk or on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/64550/18."

Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help cyclists to protect their bikes:

 * Mark the frame of your bike with your postcode using a UV pen or contact your local cycle shop, as most will mark them for a small cost. You can contact us for advice on other property marking initiatives available.
 * Register your bike on www.immobilise.com, a free online property database which police use to check stolen property. That way, if your bike does get stolen, you have more chance of it being returned to you.
 * Never leave your bike unlocked - even if you're just popping into the newsagents.
 * The best kind of lock is a quality solid steel D-shaped shackle lock. You can buy these at any bike shop.
 * Always lock your bike to something solid like a lamp-post or railings, preferably in a public area.
 * If you have quick release wheels, take off the front wheel and lock it to the frame and back wheel.
 * If you have a pump or detachable lights take them with you when you leave your bike.
 * Make sure you have adequate insurance cover for your bike.

As well as contacting the investigating officers directly, you can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
