```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A paedophile has been sentenced to a further 12 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to additional sexual offences against children.
publish:
  date: 7 May 2019
title: "Paedophile sentenced to further 12 years for additional offences \u2013 Berkhamsted"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/paedophile-sentenced-to-further-12-years-for-additional-offences-berkhamsted-0174
```

* ### Paedophile Michael Emerton, aged 34, from Berkhamsted, has been sentenced to a further 12 years in prison for additional sexual offences against children.

 * ### The court heard how Emerton had engaged in conversations with two men on Skype, discussing fees for a number of sexual acts to be performed on a young male victim.

 * ### Investigating officer says "Emerton is an utterly repellant individual and his crimes are truly abhorrent."

A paedophile has been sentenced to a further 12 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to additional sexual offences against children.

Michael Emerton, aged 34, from Berkhamsted, appeared before St Albans Crown Court via video link on Wednesday, May 1.

He had pleaded guilty to two charges of conspiring to rape a child aged five to eight, and two charges of conspiring to have sexual activity with a child aged five to eight.

The court heard that on separate occasions between November 2015 and October 2016, Emerton had engaged in conversations with two men on Skype, discussing fees for a number of sexual acts to be performed on a young male victim.

The cases against the other two men allegedly involved in the conspiracy with Emerton were initially dismissed at court, but are now under review. The victim has been identified and is now safeguarded.

Emerton was given a 12 year sentence for the two conspiracy to rape offences and a four year sentence for the conspiracy to commit sexual activity offences, both of which will run concurrently to the previous sentences he is already serving.

Investigators from Hertfordshire's Child Online Safeguarding Team (COST) exposed these offences as part of Operation Pendent, an investigation that uncovered a sickening worldwide paedophile ring led by Emerton. The inquiry was the largest of its kind ever conducted by the force.

As a result, in December 2017 Emerton was handed nine and a half life sentences. Emerton had streamed live footage of children being abused while also committing sexual acts in front of them.

Detective Constable Stuart Alexander, from the COST, said: "Emerton is an utterly repellant individual and his crimes are truly abhorrent. He is going to be spending a significant amount of time behind bars and he will be closely monitored for the rest of his life.

"Safeguarding Emerton's victims and preventing him from committing further offences is our top priority. We believe this further significant sentence sends a strong message to anyone who chooses to engage in this type of criminal activity. We will track you down and we will bring you to justice."
