```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who stabbed a 20-year-old man to death has been sentenced to life in prison, with a minimum term of 24 years today (Wednesday, June 5).
publish:
  date: 5 Jun 2019
title: Man sentenced to a minimum of 24 years in prison for murder - London Colney
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-a-minimum-of-24-years-in-prison-for-murder-london-colney-0325
```

* ### Anis Anderson, aged 20, has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of 24 years after being found guilty of murder

 * ### St Albans Crown Court heard how Anderson stabbed victim Ahsanullah Nawazai several times on November 28 last year

 * ### Carla Callum, aged 30, of Walsingham Way, London Colney, has been acquitted of murder after being previously charged

A man who stabbed a 20-year-old man to death has been sentenced to life in prison, with a minimum term of 24 years today (Wednesday, June 5).

Anis Anderson, aged 20, of Fordwych Road, London, was found guilty of murdering Ahsanulluh Nawazai in London Colney last year.

During the two-and-a-half-week trial, the court heard how Ahsanullah was lured to Walsingham Way on the evening of November 28.

Ahsanullah, also aged 20, was known to sell Class A drugs and often carried cash on him.

He arrived in Walsingham Way in a grey Nissan Qashqai just before 7.10pm after he and Anderson had contact earlier in the day. Anderson, who was staying at an address in the road, went to greet him and sat inside the vehicle.

Anderson then stabbed Ahsanullah multiple times before robbing him of both drugs and cash, then fleeing the scene.

Ahsanullah got out of the vehicle but collapsed outside a nearby primary school before a passing female jogger found him and raised the alarm.

He was taken to hospital for treatment but sadly passed away.

Anderson was arrested on suspicion of murder at an address in Tilbury, Essex, a few days later, on December 1.

The Qashqai was seized by officers and after a forensic examination, Anderson's DNA was discovered inside a latex glove found inside. Ahsanullah's DNA was found on the glove's exterior. CCTV footage also showed Anderson leaving the area directly after the murder.

The weapon, a large kitchen knife, was later found discarded in the kitchen sink inside the address where Anderson was staying.

Detective Inspector Iain Macpherson, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "Anderson callously murdered Ahsanullah in order to steal from him. He showed complete disregard for life, and his actions have forever robbed Ahsanullah's family of a much-loved son and brother.

"I would like to pay tribute to the real bravery they have shown throughout the investigation and trial. Nothing will ever bring Ahsanullah back, but I hope today's sentencing brings his family a sense of closure so they are finally able to put this harrowing event to rest and move forward.

"Anderson has not only taken a life, but he has ruined his own."

 * **Carla Callum, aged 30, of Walsingham Way, London Colney, was previously charged with murder in connection with this case. She was found not guilty and acquitted at St Albans Crown Court.**
