```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are trying to trace a number of people who are believed to have witnessed an altercation in Watford \u2013 particularly two men in a white van who came to the aid of the victim."
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2020
title: Appeal to trace two men who witnessed altercation in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-two-men-who-witnessed-altercation-in-watford-0748
```

* ### The incident occurred in a parked vehicle, outside a Tesco Express.

 * ### Two men in a van are reported to have stopped and assisted the victim.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Police are trying to trace a number of people who are believed to have witnessed an altercation in Watford - particularly two men in a white van who came to the aid of the victim.

The incident occurred in a layby outside the Tesco Express in Whippendell Road, at around 4.55pm on Tuesday 6 October.

A man and woman were involved in an altercation in a parked car.

PC Adam Haines, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries into the incident are continuing at this time and we are appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please come forward. We are particularly keen to trace two men in a white van who stopped at the traffic lights and came to the assistance of the woman.

"There would have been several other people in the area at the time too, so please get in touch if you have any information which could assist the case."

Anyone with information is asked to email PC Adam Haines.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/80374/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

• A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation and released on bail while enquiries continue.
