```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents living in Buntingford are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2020
title: Have your say on policing priorities in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-policing-priorities-in-buntingford-1541
```

* ### Officers are seeking views from local residents.

 * ### These can be submitted via the echo feedback system.

 * ### The information will be used to help shape the next set of policing priorities.

Residents living in Buntingford are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.

Ahead of the next Priority Setting Forum (PSF) meeting later this month, people are being asked to make suggestions on what they feel the Safer Neighbourhood Team should be focusing their efforts on for the next three months.

Local officers and partner agencies will then review submissions from the community, alongside police reports around threat and demand, before officially setting the priorities.

You can give your views now via the Constabulary's feedback service echo, using the following link: bit.ly/police-bunters. You can also text 'Bunters' followed by your feedback to 66099.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Nicola Hunt said: "Our feedback service echo is a great way for members of the public to engage with us and to help us set our priorities for the coming months. If you would like to have your say, please submit your feedback before Friday 20 March.

"Don't forget, you can use echo at any time to let us know what is important to you in terms of policing in your local area. Feedback is reviewed regularly, and helps us to identify what we can do to help our community feel safer."

Please be aware that the echo service should not be used to report crime. You can report a crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
