```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "As Trans Awareness Week comes to a conclusion, today (Friday 20 November) marks Trans Day of Remembrance and Hertfordshire Constabulary has teamed up with its local partners to issue a video of support to the county\u2019s trans community."
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2020
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary send message of support on Trans Day of Remembrance 2020
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertfordshire-constabylary-send-message-of-support-on-trans-day-of-remembrance-2020-0888
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary has teamed up with local partners to issue a video of support to the county's trans community

 * ### The constabulary is dedicated to ensuring that the local trans community, along with the wider LGBT+ community, feel safe in Hertfordshire

 * ### Hate Crime Officers and LGBT+ Liaison Officers are there to specifically support victims of trans and LGBT+ hate crimes

Hertfordshire Constabulary has teamed up with local partners to issue a video of support to the county's trans community.

The constabulary is dedicated to ensuring that the local trans community, along with the wider LGBT+ community, feel safe in Hertfordshire.

Hate Crime Officers and LGBT+ Liaison Officers are there to specifically support victims of trans and LGBT+ hate crimes

As Trans Awareness Week comes to a conclusion, today (Friday 20 November) marks Trans Day of Remembrance and Hertfordshire Constabulary has teamed up with its local partners to issue a video of support to the county's trans community.

The constabulary is dedicated to ensuring that the local trans community, along with the wider LGBT+ community, feel safe in Hertfordshire.

As part of this work, specially trained Hate Crime Officers are there to support anyone who has been the victim of a hate crime. A hate crime is any criminal offence targeted against a person because of hostility or prejudice towards their race, religion, sexual orientation, transgender identity or disability.

The Constabulary also has a committed LGBT+ Network that regularly meets with the local trans community to better understand the issues affecting them.

The video, which is being shared across the Herts Police social media pages, is introduced by Chair of the Herts Police LGBT+ Network Inspector Steve Alison. It features Hate Crime Officer Terasa Holden explaining her role and Anna Perry, from YCH Services for Young People, also provides a message of support to the trans community.

Two young people, Jo and Kaitlyn, also describe their experiences of being trans in Hertfordshire and how they have benefitted from attending YCH Services for Young People 'Who Not What' and Herts Trans Support Group respectively.

Inspector Steve Alison said: "I want the trans community to watch this video and feel reassured that we are on their side. Transphobia has no place in society and as the police, we simply will not tolerate it.

"Under normal circumstances, we'd have marked today with a special event face-to-face but unfortunately that's not been possible. Things might be different at the moment but rest assured we remain as committed as ever to supporting the LGBT+ community and cracking down on hate crime.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind our local trans community that along with our Hate Crime Officers, we also have dedicated LGBT+ Liaison Officers. If you're the victim of a trans or LGBT+ hate crime, they are there to provide extra help and support and they will treat you with the respect you deserve."

The video can be viewed below.

## Reporting hate crime

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

 * More information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to (opens in a new window).

## How to contact an LGBT+ Liaison Officer

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number 101 or by contacting us online. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via 999. The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

To contact an LGBT+ Officer in your local area for non-urgent advice ring 101 and ask to leave a message for them to contact you.
