```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents in East Herts are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.
publish:
  date: 29 May 2019
title: Have your say on policing priorities in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-policing-priorities-in-east-herts-0291a
```

* ### A number of drop in sessions are being held.

 * ### Residents can have their say on what they feel should be treated as a local priority.

 * ### Officers from the local Safer Neighbourhood Teams will be present.

Residents in East Herts are being invited to have their say on local policing priorities.

A number of drop in surgeries are being held to give people the chance to make suggestions on what they feel their respective Safer Neighbourhood Teams should be considering as a priority for the next three months.

Local officers will then review submissions from the community at the upcoming Priority Setting Forum meeting, alongside police reports around threat and demand and officially set the priorities.

Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt said: "We are committed to working with local communities to help tackle any issues they may be facing. These forums are a great way for local residents to drop in and engage with us, to help set policing priorities for the coming months. Please pop along and have your say."

The events will take place as follows:

**BUNTINGFORD:**

 * Monday, June 10 (10am to noon) - Buntingford Coffee shop, High Street at the junction with Church Street.
 * Thursday, June 13 (5pm to 7pm) - Buntingford police station.

**HERTFORD:**

 * Thursday, May 30 (1pm to 3pm) - Sainsbury's, Hartham Lane.
 * Thursday, May 30 (5pm to 7pm) - Pinehurst Community Centre, Birdie Way.
 * Saturday, June 1 (5pm to 9pm) - Drop-in centre, Fleming Crescent (next to Co-op).

**WARE:**

 * Monday, June 3 (2.30pm to 4.30pm) - Ware Library.
