```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Twenty-nine police officers were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their graduation ceremony at Police Headquarters recently (Monday, November 5).
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2018
title: Twenty-nine new Police Officers join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/twenty-nine-new-police-officers-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-2087ALL
```

Twenty-nine police officers were welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their graduation ceremony at Police Headquarters recently (Monday, November 5).

Having completed a 16 week training course, they will now be starting their first shifts at their local stations, putting into practice all they have learned.

The training included a mixture of classroom based and practical sessions, covering a vast range of topics including law and powers, personal safety and dealing with volatile situations, first aid and safeguarding vulnerable victims.

During the ceremony the new recruits paraded in front of Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner David Gibson, their soon to be Chief Inspectors and family and friends.

Chief Constable for Hertfordshire, Charlie Hall said: "This year has seen a significant gear change in the number of police officers being recruited and with 29 graduating at once, this is our single biggest graduation event for many years, with yet more to come in the next few weeks. These officers have gone through a vigorous recruitment process and spent the last few months in intensive training to ensure they are fully equipped to deal with life on the front line.

"It's a proud moment for them to be standing in front of their family and friends in full uniform, and it gives me great pleasure to formally welcome them to Hertfordshire Constabulary.

"I am extremely proud of the work undertaken across the Constabulary every day by our officers and staff to keep our communities safe. We are actively recruiting police officers and I'd encourage anyone who may be interested in joining us to find out more."

Deputy Police and Crime Commissioner David Gibson said: "These officers will be at the core of policing in the county, joining the intervention teams who respond to emergency incidents and neighbourhood policing teams who respond to the needs of local communities. Together with the Chief Constable, we have made it a priority to not only protect these frontline teams, but to increase officer numbers. I welcome them to Hertfordshire Constabulary and wish them the very best in their career."

Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting police officers. You can find out more about the role, register your interest or submit your application here.
