```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a fatal collision in Stanstead Abbotts yesterday (Monday 18 January).
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: Witness appeal following fatal collision in Stanstead Abbotts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-stanstead-abbotts-1102a
```

* ## The incident happened on the A414 at around 6.15pm on Monday 18 January.

 * ## Three vehicles were involved and a man in his twenties sadly died.

 * ## If you can help, call 101 or email Sgt James Thorne at james.thorne@cambs.pnn.police.uk quoting Op Greenback.

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a fatal collision in Stanstead Abbotts yesterday (Monday 18 January).

The incident happened on the A414 at around 6.15pm. Three vehicles were involved - a black BMW 330d and a blue Aston Martin DB11, which were travelling eastbound and a white Vauxhall Corsa which was travelling westbound.

The driver of the Vauxhall, a man in his twenties, sadly died at the scene.

The driver of the BMW, a man in his twenties, is currently in hospital in a serious condition.

A 45 year old man from Chelmsford, who was driving the Aston Martin, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and being in an unfit state to drive through drink or drugs. He remains in custody at this time.

Sergeant James Thorne, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "My thoughts are with the family and friends of the young man whose life has been tragically cut short. His family are receiving specialist support from our officers.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw the collision, or the events leading up to it, to get in touch immediately. Anything you saw could be vital in helping us to establish what happened.

"If you have a dash cam, and you were travelling on the A414 around the time of the collision, I urge you to check it and get in touch if you spot something that could be useful for the investigation.

"Anyone who has information about the collision, including witnesses and those with useful dash cam footage, should get in touch with me by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email Sergeant James Thorne quoting Operation Greenback."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat quoting Operation Greenback.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
