```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a commercial burglary in Ashwell.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2019
title: Appeal following burglary at village shop
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-at-village-shop-2493g
```

* ### A village shop was burgled in the early hours of Saturday, January 19.

 * ### Thousands of pounds worth of cigarettes, alcohol and chocolates were stolen.

 * ### The offenders are described as two men, around 5ft 10in tall and dressed in all black.

 * ### They are believed to have left in a silver coloured Mondeo or similar shaped vehicle.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a commercial burglary in Ashwell.

At 2.47am on Saturday, January 19, the Ashwell Village Store in High Street was broken into.

The offenders forced open the front shutters and stole thousands of pounds worth of cigarettes, alcohol and chocolates. They put the items into a blue bin liner.

The offenders are described as two men who are around 5ft 10in tall and were dressed in all black. It is believed they made off in a silver coloured Mondeo or a similar shaped vehicle.

Anyone who saw the offenders or a vehicle matching the description in the area around the time of the burglary is asked to contact PC Karen Goodwin by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/6021/19 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
