```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Congratulations to Detective Sergeant Andrea Dalton, who was presented with a Judge\u2019s Commendation award during a ceremony at police HQ in Welwyn Garden City last week."
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Detective Sergeant awarded Judge's Commendation for her work on landmark domestic abuse case
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/detective-sergeant-awarded-judges-commendation-for-her-work-on-landmark-domestic-abuse-case
```

Congratulations to Detective Sergeant Andrea Dalton, who was presented with a Judge's Commendation award during a ceremony at police HQ in Welwyn Garden City last week.

She is pictured with Chief Constable Charlie Hall, left, and Hertfordshire County Council Chief Executive John Wood, who presented the certificate.

The Judge's Commendation award was introduced in April this year, and is the result of a nomination made by a Crown Court Judge who recognises outstanding work by an individual police officer or member of staff. The nomination is made at the conclusion of a trial overseen by that Judge.

The nomination for DS Dalton, who works Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), stems from a devastating coercive and controlling domestic abuse case that went to court earlier this year.

The victim, 30-year-old Kellie Sutton, was described as a 'positive and outgoing person' until she met the offender. Steven Gane. He moved into her home within a week of them meeting and in a relatively short period of time - over four to five months - Kellie became anxious, quiet, subdued and isolated.

Gane had bragged to people he knew about physically assaulting Kellie. Not being able to take any more abuse, Kellie attempted to take her own life at home.

She was found and taken to hospital but sadly, never regained consciousness and her life support was switched off three days later. Following her death, a police investigation began.

As a result of DS Dalton's hard work and determination, Gane was charged and convicted. He was given a sentence of four years and 3 months, along with a 10-year Criminal Behaviour Order.

This is the highest sentence handed down regarding a coercive control case within the UK to date, and following Gane's conviction His Honour Judge Philip Grey nominated DS Dalton for the commendation.

He said: "DS Dalton is to be commended for conducting an outstanding investigation in connection with a highly sensitive and unusual case.

"The victim of the defendant's coercive and controlling behaviour had died, and it was therefore necessary to identify and obtain a great deal of evidence from a variety of other sources in order for a case to be built against the defendant.

"This was done with tenacity and care. The amount of work done to prepare the case was very clear. DS Dalton acted with great sensitivity towards the large number of the victim's friends and family who gave evidence or attended court.

"She helped to ensure that the atmosphere at court never became heated despite the highly emotive nature of the evidence that was called. I therefore award her a Judge's Commendation."
