```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people were arrested on Wednesday (October 9) during a joint operation to crack down on flytippers in Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019
title: Vehicle seized and two arrested during multi-agency operation in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vehicle-seized-and-two-arrested-during-multi-agency-operation-in-harpenden-0887f
```

* ### A van was seized and two people arrested following a joint operation to crack down on flytippers in Harpenden.

 * ### Another vehicle had illegal tyres and other drivers had to get vehicle defects fixed.

 * ### Remember to always get a reputable company to take your waste away - or else you could be liable.

Two people were arrested on Wednesday (October 9) during a joint operation to crack down on flytippers in Harpenden.

During the operation, a man aged 55 was arrested for driving whilst disqualified and a woman aged 49 was arrested for possession of suspected fraudulent insurance certificate. They have been released under investigation.

A Ford Transit van was seized as the driver was disqualified from driving and had no insurance. One vehicle was prohibited due to having two illegal tyres and was unable to leave until news tyres were fitted. Several others were told to get defects fixed within seven days due to defects, including a badly cracked windscreen.

Three motorists have also been reported for driving without insurance and others were dealt with for carrying waste without the correct documentation.

Officers from the Harpenden and St Albans safer neighbourhood teams were joined by colleagues form the Environment Agency, Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency and St Albans City and District Council in Redbourn Lane between 10am and 12 midday.

St Albans district Neighbourhood Inspector Andy Wiseman said: "This was a successful, proactive operation involving our partner agencies to tackle flytipping. We also arrested a man on suspicion of driving whilst disqualified and seized his van. It's scary to think drivers are travelling with defects on their vehicles, so by doing these joint operations, we are making our roads safer for everyone as well as reducing flytipping, which blights communities."

He said: "We need to remind home owners that if they hand over their waste to someone without a waste carriers licence, their rubbish may get dumped and they could be liable."

Flytipping is a serious criminal offence for which you can be prosecuted. The courts have various powers available to them including imprisonment and up to £50,000 in fines.

If you witness fly-tipping taking place call police on 999 and give as much detail as possible.

If you discover fly-tipped waste after the event call the St Albans District Council hotline number 01727 809019 or email the details on wastemanagementservices@stalbans.gov.uk
