```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A woman has pleaded guilty to theft following a pickpocketing offence in Bishop\u2019s Stortford town centre."
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2017
title: "Woman pleads guilty to pickpocket offence in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Woman-pleads-guilty-to-pickpocket-offence-in-Bishops-Stortford
```

* Woman's purse was taken from her handbag in Bishop's Stortford town centre.
 * The quick actions of a security guard helped officers to carry out arrests.
 * A woman has pleaded guilty to theft and six counts of fraud by false representation.

A woman has pleaded guilty to theft following a pickpocketing offence in Bishop's Stortford town centre.

Police were called by a security guard at Jackson Square after a woman noticed that her purse was missing from her bag on Monday (December 4) at around 4pm.

Three people were subsequently arrested in connection with the incident.

Amito Waszkiewick, aged 31, of Thorold Road, Ilford, was charged with theft from the person, six counts of fraud by false representation and assault by beating.

Today (Wednesday) at Hatfield Remand Court she pleaded guilty to the offences of theft and fraud and not guilty to the charge of assault by beating.

She was remanded in custody and will appear at Stevenage Magistrates' Court for trial on January 29.

Two other people - a 55 year old man from Barking and a 50 year old woman from London - have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Sergeant Mark Collins, from the East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Arrests were quickly executed due to the prompt actions of the security guard, who was able to provide us with key information.

"This shows the excellent joint working that is in place between us and local retailers to target those who come into the town centre to commit crimes.

"It only takes a matter of seconds for someone to remove your purse but there are some simple things you can do to reduce your chances of being targeted.

 * Use a handbag that can be closed properly - zipped up preferably - so that it is more difficult for someone to open it and reach in.
 * Never leave your bag unattended or in a shopping trolley.
 * Be aware of people around you.
 * Always shield your PIN number when paying for items in shops or at cash machines.
 * Never tell anyone your PIN number and ensure your Pin number is not kept near your card.

"If you believe that you have been targeted by a pickpocket please inform a member of shop staff immediately who can contact officers via a dedicated radio system."
