```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: "Appeal for information following a robbery \u2013 Rickmansworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-a-robbery-rickmansworth-0237c
```

* ## A delivery driver was assaulted before his van was taken in Rickmansworth on Wednesday 10 June.

 * ## It happened in The Drive, at the junction with High Close, and a small white van was seen following the courier's van as it drove away.

 * ## If you witnessed what happened, or have any more information for police, please get in touch quoting 41/45146/20.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in The Drive, at the junction with High Close, between 11.20am and 11.25am on Wednesday 10 June.

The victim, a courier, returned to his van after making a delivery and whilst getting into the vehicle he was assaulted by an unknown offender.

The victim was pulled to the ground before his van - a white Ford Transit - was driven away in the direction of The Clump. A small white van was seen to be following it.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was not injured. His van was later discovered in Lawford Close, Chorleywood, but all the parcels had been removed.

Detective Constable Nicola Simons, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a frightening experience for the victim who was just doing his job when he was targeted.

"We have carried out several enquiries so far but are now appealing to the public to ask if they witnessed any suspicious activity on The Drive in Rickmansworth, or Lawford Close in Chorleywood.

"Do you have CCTV fitted to your property, or a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? If you have any information you believe could be of assistance, please get in touch,

You can email DC Simons, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/45146/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Three Rivers using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-threerivers and have your say.
