```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Safer Neighbourhood Team officers in Welwyn Hatfield have been successful in securing Closure Orders on two addresses in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2017
title: Two Closure Orders secured on properties in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-Closure-Orders-secured-on-properties-in-Hatfield-1109B
```

* ### Two Closure Orders secured on Hatfield properties.

 * ### This follows extensive drug use and anti-social behaviour.

 * ### Undertaken as part of Operation Vinic which aims to drive drugs out of Hatfield.

Safer Neighbourhood Team officers in Welwyn Hatfield have been successful in securing Closure Orders on two addresses in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

This work has been undertaken as part of Operation Vinic, an on-going drive aiming to tackle Class A and Class B drugs offences in Hatfield and associated anti-social behaviour (ASB). So far the operation has seen 22 people arrested in connection with drugs offences.

The properties - a bungalow in St Michael's View and a flat in Jubilee Court, were being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the properties in an anti-social manner and suspected drug dealing and drug use.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at St Albans Magistrate's Court on Tuesday, October 31.

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met, which included:

1) that a person has engaged, or (if the order is not made) is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behavior on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or (if the order is not made) is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) that there has been, or (if the order is not made) is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises,

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Welwyn Hatfield Council to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order. The police and the council had received numerous calls from members of the public reporting arguments at the address, noisy visitors and suspected drug use and drug dealing.

The Closure Order prevents anyone from entering the property for three months and anyone who breaches the order can be arrested.

**Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Sophia Adams, said:** "To help us in the fight against drugs in Hatfield and associated ASB, we are working closely with partner agencies to put a permanent stop to these crimes. Securing these Closure Orders is a significant part of helping us to achieve that.

"For many months we responded to complaints alongside Welwyn Hatfield Council about the ASB and suspected drug use and drug dealing at these properties.

"By taking this action to close the addresses, we hope to provide some respite from the on-going issues that cause such misery for neighbours and improve the quality of life for our local communities.

"I would urge local residents to please continue to report anything of concern to us via the non-emergency number 101 and if you witness a crime or ASB in progress dial 999."

Jubilee Road
