```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 25 Aug 2020
title: Witness appeal following fatal collision in Hemel
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-fatal-collision-in-hemel-0544
```

* ### Did you see fatal road collision in Hemel?

 * ### Officers are asking for witnesses and dash cam footage

 * ### Please get in touch if you saw the collision

Officers investigating a fatal collision are appealing for witnesses and information.

It happened this afternoon on St Albans Road, Hemel Hempstead, just before 5pm on Tuesday 25 August.

A white Fiat 500, a silver BMW and a white Toyota car were in collision. The Fiat passenger, a woman aged in her 20s sadly suffered serious injuries which proved to be fatal.

Her next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers.

The driver of the Fiat, a woman in her 20s, was seriously injured. The other two drivers involved were also injured, one of them badly.

Sergeant Tom Daly, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Our thoughts are very much with the family of the young woman who sadly lost her life, and we are conducting extensive enquiries to determine the circumstances of the collision.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision and has not yet spoken with police. Equally, if you have a working dash cam fitted to your vehicle and you were travelling along St Albans Road at the time of the incident, we would like to hear from you.

"If you live in the vicinity of the collision and have either CCTV or a doorbell camera fitted to your property, please get in touch as you may have captured something of interest."

Sgt Daly added: "I would ask that people with footage of the incident contact police and refrain from posting videos and photos on social media. This can only add to the distress of everyone those involved."

You can email Sgt Daly at tom.daly@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **ISR 495 of 25 August** , or **Operation Windrow.**

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
