```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Hertsmere are asking drivers, including van drivers, to consider some simple crime prevention advice following a number of thefts from vehicles across the borough.
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2020
title: "\u2018Be vigilant to vehicle crime\u2019 following thefts from vehicles in Hertsmere"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/\u2018Be-vigilant-to-vehicle-crime\u2019-following-thefts-from-vehicles-in-Hertsmere0656J"
```

* ### Police warning as vehicle crime incidents increase in Hertsmere

 * ### Remove all valuables and tools, and secure your vehicle

 * ### Report suspicious behaviour to police immediately

Police in Hertsmere are asking drivers, including van drivers, to consider some simple crime prevention advice following a number of thefts from vehicles across the borough.

In the first two weeks of September, 33 incidents of vehicle crime were reported. Of these, 22 thefts from vehicles took place (five of which were from vans), attempts were made to gain access to seven vehicles and a further four vehicles were stolen. Incidents continue to be reported.

The majority of incidents have taken place in Potters Bar, although offences have also been reported in Borehamwood, Radlett and South Mimms.

Most offences are taking place overnight with items such as bags, laptops, cash and wallets being stolen from cars and tools stolen from vans. A number of catalytic converters have also been stolen from underneath cars.

The majority of the thefts from vehicles in Bushey and Radlett have targeted insecure vehicles.

Police are urging drivers to remove any valuables from their vehicles, as well as tools from vans when they are not using them.

Detective Inspector Michael Macbeth from the Local Crime Unit at Borehamwood police station said: "We are thoroughly investigating these incidents and are following a number of lines of enquiry. Additional police patrols have been put in place to prevent further thefts and catch those responsible.

"Whilst these investigations continue, I would urge anyone who carries valuables or tools in their vehicles to remove them overnight or when they are not in use.

"I'd also ask people to be aware that this crime is occurring and to be vigilant. Contact police if you see anyone acting suspiciously around vehicles in your area."

**Here are the top ten Operation Chariot tips to help you protect your vehicle and the property within it:**

 1. It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof whenever you leave your vehicle unattended.
 2. Always take the keys out of the ignition even if you're just stopping to buy a newspaper, paying for fuel, or popping back into your home to get something.
 3. Be aware of your keys. Don't leave them lying around, visible or in pockets in changing rooms where they could be taken. Don't leave them visible on a window sill in your home or near to the front door, where they could be "hooked" through the letterbox.
 4. Never leave any valuables in your vehicle - not even in the glove-box or boot - and keep ALL other possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your coat pocket or bag left on the back seat, a thief may try their luck.
 5. Remove your sat nav and its holder, and wipe away any suction marks as these could suggest to a potential thief that a sat nav is stored in your vehicle.
 6. Never leave vehicle documents in your car - don't make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police.
 7. Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have them.
 8. Consider buying locking screws kits to secure number plates which are targeted by criminals.
 9. Register your stereo, laptop, sat nav and any other property on the free online property database www.immobilise.com. It only takes a few minutes and could help police trace your property if it's lost or stolen.
 10. If you advertise your vehicle for sale on an online web site, ensure that its number plates are covered over when photographed to avoid cloning of its identity.

If you carry tools in your van, look after your tools if you need them for your job and carry them in your vehicle. Act now to add more security to your vehicle such as a heavy duty safe bolted to the floor, a quality alarm and secure access doors with heavy duty bolts and locks. If you can, remove all valuable tools from vans when left parked and unattended, particularly overnight, and use notices/stickers to advertise that fact.
