```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The actions of three volunteer Special Constables who put themselves in harm\u2019s way to save two women have been commended."
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2017
title: Special Constables rescue two women in Stevenage Old Town
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Special-Constables-rescue-two-women-in-Stevenage-Old-Town-1160E
```

* ### Fire in Stevenage Old Town on Friday.

 * ### Three volunteer Special Constables assist women to safety.

 * ### We're recruiting Special Constables - apply now.

The actions of three volunteer Special Constables who put themselves in harm's way to save two women have been commended.

Whilst on duty in the Old Town area of Stevenage on Friday evening (November 10) Special Constables Adam Williams, Brian Robertson and Christopher Jackson were made aware via radio of a fire in an outbuilding in Middle Row, at around 8.40pm.

Whilst running to the scene, they were informed that there could be people trapped inside a nearby flat. They were first to arrive and were confronted with an outbuilding fully on fire and the flames spreading to nearby flats.

They immediately attempted to gain access to the flat closest to the fire where people were reported to be inside. They kicked the door open, gained entry and found that there were no occupants within the property.

They then broke the window of the neighbouring flat and were able to assist two women to safety through the window.

No members of the public were hurt in the incident and fire service bought the fire under control. The fire is believed to be non-suspicious.

David Lloyd, Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire said: "The brave actions of these volunteer officers, whose quick response saved lives, is a testament to their dedication and training.

"Special Constables echo the original principle of policing: the police are the public and the public are the police. Our police service only succeeds with the support of the public. I want to thank SCs Williams, Robertson and Jackson for helping to keep our communities safe."

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls who leads local policing for Hertfordshire Constabulary commended the actions of Adam, Brian and Christopher. He said: "I highly commend these Special Constables for their actions. They were out on proactive patrol in the local area when they received a call for assistance and because they were so close, they were first to respond at the scene and took immediate action to ensure people were brought to safety.

"In Hertfordshire we value the contribution of our Special Constables, who volunteer their time to keep our communities safe. It's such a rewarding role and I would encourage anyone who may be interested to find out more."

Special Chief Officer Mark Kendrew said: "Adam, Brian and Christopher deserve such high praise. I'm proud to lead a Special Constabulary made up of over 240 dedicated Special Constables who deal with challenging incidents such as this with such selflessness and professionalism."

**About Special Constables**

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force. They play a vital role in helping keep communities safe and can get involved in a range of policing activities from high visibility patrols, to being called to assist at the scenes of incidents such as road traffic collisions, burglaries or assaults.

There are also opportunities for Special Constables to work in more specialised areas such as the investigation of child sexual exploitation, domestic abuse and prisoner processing. Special Constables with specialist IT knowledge also work alongside police officers and staff who manage registered sex offenders.

Those with an interest or expertise in the countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. Special Constables are not paid but expenses are reimbursed. If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, or to apply, visit here.
