```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team will be joining colleagues from partner agencies to host an Operation Stomp home security surgery in the town.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: Sawbridgeworth Security Surgery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sawbridgeworth-Security-Surgery-1136A
```

* ### Operation Stomp in Sawbridgeworth.

 * ### Local officers hold home security surgery.

 * ### Crime prevention advice for local residents.

Officers from the Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team will be joining colleagues from partner agencies to host an Operation Stomp home security surgery in the town.

The event will take place on Saturday November 18, between 11am and 2pm at the Sawbridgeworth Town Council Offices.

Local officers and PCSOs will be joined by Herts Fire and Rescue Service, Sawbridgeworth Town Councillors and local charities. Together they will be providing home security, crime prevention and fire safety advice. There will also be information relating to health and wellbeing.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "At this time of year we tend to see a rise in burglary, with the shorter days and the start of Christmas shopping. We have also started to see a rise in purse dipping in the town centres across East Herts.

"We are hoping people will come and visit us for some timely advice and to pick up free crime prevention devices, such as purse bells and anti card reading wallets. We will also be advising residents how to best to secure their homes to avoid becoming a victim of burglary, including advising on new smart technology that is available.

"The event is also an opportunity for local residents to meet their team and discuss any other issues they may have."

Operation Stomp is a multi-agency operation, run by the police in East Herts, aimed at looking after communities and creating a safer environment for local residents. It is a partnership initiative involving local Safer Neighbourhood Officers, Herts Fire and Rescue Service, East Herts Council, housing associations, police cadets, volunteers and charities.

Operation Stomp focuses on making homes and premises more secure and less attractive to potential offenders, by identifying vulnerability and providing crime prevention advice. This can reduce the risk of people becoming victims of crime.
