```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Local businesses and services in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are being invited to join the \u2018Keep Safe\u2019 community safety scheme."
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2019
title: "Sign up to 'Keep Safe' in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sign-up-to-keep-safe-in-bishops-stortford-0593
```

* ### The Keep Safe scheme is seeking new volunteers in Bishop's Stortford.

 * ### The PCC has funded a re-launch of the project through his Action Fund.

 * ### People from the local community came together to find out more about the scheme.

Local businesses and services in Bishop's Stortford are being invited to join the 'Keep Safe' community safety scheme.

Keep Safe launched in Bishop's Stortford in 2009 and is seeking new volunteers as part of its 10-year anniversary.

People with learning disabilities are teaming up with the local police Safer Neighbourhood Team to invite businesses, retailers and public and community services to join Keep Safe, to help provide people with learning disabilities a place to make a phone call in the event of an emergency - be it to contact a parent, carer or support worker, the police or another emergency service.

Premises signed up to the scheme display an orange Keep Safe sticker in their windows to make them easily identifiable, while people with learning disabilities carry an 'in case of emergency' (ICE) telephone number on their Keep Safe card, keyring, travel wallet or on their mobile phone.

People who use the scheme say it helps them feel safe when out and about and that they want everyone to know about it.

The Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd has funded the re-launch of the scheme in Bishop's Stortford through his Action Fund.

Officers from the police Safer Neighbourhood Team, local hate crime officer PC Terasa Holden, local adult disability team social workers, town Mayor Norma Symonds and Hertfordshire County Councillor Colin Woodward joined local people with learning disabilities and fellow supporters for an event at Bishop's House day service, on 17 July, to mark the start of working together as a team to further roll out Keep Safe across Bishop's Stortford.

Anyone interested in displaying a sticker, or joining the Keep Safe team as a volunteer supporter in Bishop's Stortford, can contact one of the following people:

• PCSO Adam Pemberton - adam.pemberton@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101
• PCSO Natasha Coppin - natasha.coppin@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101
• Jane Dellow, Keep Safe Co-ordinator at Herts People First, on 01992 413731

**PCC David Lloyd said:** "Keep Safe is a scheme which I give my full support to and I am was really pleased to be able to fund its re-launch in Bishop's Stortford through my Action Fund. It's great to see local people come together as a team, working on community safety, and organisations in the town showing their commitment to supporting vulnerable members of the community.

"Sadly, people with learning disabilities can be more vulnerable to hate motivated crime, so it is vital we do all we can to protect them from this and other crime and make it easier for them to report it.

"It is everybody's business to prevent and reduce crime and people with learning disabilities want to be active citizens, playing their part in managing their own community safety."

**Keep Safe coordinator for Herts People, First Jane Dellow said:** "We are delighted to be working with our Police and Crime Commissioner's Action Fund, to team up local people with learning disabilities with their supporters and Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team, to work together and take care of Keep Safe in the town for the next 10 years. I especially want to thank local shops and businesses and services for joining.

"Sometimes people with learning disabilities are not sure about approaching the police for help, however when working in a team with their local police officers to set up Keep Safe, they get the chance to meet the people behind the uniforms and soon realise there is nothing to fear; it is the same for local officers who get to meet the people behind the disability.

"People with learning disabilities really like the Keep Safe community safety scheme and say that it is reassuring for them to know where they can get help and support if need be and how their local community, business and services are so welcoming of the scheme."

 **East Herts Hate Crime Officer PC Terasa Holden said:** "People with learning disabilities tell us Keep Safe gives them confidence to come in to town and feel safe and reassured that if they need help or need to report a crime, they can do so easily and safely."

 **County Cllr Colin Woodward, Deputy Executive Member for Community Safety, said:** "Stortford has active and engaged residents with learning disabilities who use and, in many cases also work in, our shops and leisure facilities. At times some feel or, may actually be, more vulnerable. So I welcome and actively support the re-launch of Keep Safe as a sign that they may be reassured that their community is there to support if called upon and that a Keep Safe sticker signals how to find help."

 **Town Mayor Norma Symonds said:** "This is such an important piece of work for our most vulnerable residents. It shows a safe place where they can go if being bullied, called names or targeted by unscrupulous people who perhaps try and get money out of them. I am 100 per cent behind Keep Safe."
