```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Colney Heath have released CCTV footage of the incident in a bid to identify the suspects.
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2018
title: CCTV released following robbery in Colney Heath
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-released-following-robbery-in-ColneyHeath-1586F
```

* ### Five men forced entry to an address in Colney Heath.

 * ### A man inside the property sustained wounds and required hospital treatment.

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Colney Heath have released CCTV footage of the incident in a bid to identify the suspects.

Five men forced entry to an address in the High Street at around 9.15pm on the evening of Monday, December 18.

Three of the men were carrying knives and another had what is believed to have been a gun inside a sock, although the actual weapon was not seen.

A man and woman were inside the property at the time and the man sustained wounds to his chest and hand. He was taken to hospital for treatment.

Items of personal property were stolen during the incident.

Detective Constable Ben Mcgregor said: "Understandably, this was a frightening ordeal for the victims and we are doing all we can to trace those responsible. At this time, it is believed to have been an isolated incident.

"I am appealing for anyone who recognises the people in the video to please get in touch with us as soon as possible."

Anyone who recognises the people in the video, or has information about the incident, is asked to contact the St Albans Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F3/17/2779. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**The footage can be viewedhere.**

CCTV released following robbery in Colney Heath
