```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A specialist team dedicated to tackling County Lines has just completed a week of action against drug gangs.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2018
title: Specialist team targets County Lines gang crime during week of action
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/specialist-team-targets-county-lines-gang-crime-during-week-of-action-1916all
```

* ### The force launched Op Mantis earlier this year to target County Lines.

 * ### A week of action was carried out to disrupt County Line gang activity.

 * ### A number of arrests were made and drugs were seized.

A specialist team dedicated to tackling County Lines has just completed a week of action against drug gangs.

Op Mantis was launched by the force in May this year and is made up of officers who specialise in targeting serious and organised crime.

Their aim is to identify and disrupt County Line gang activity and the associated crime that goes with it.

Last week officers from Op Mantis conducted a county-wide week of action as part of a national drive, led by the new National County Lines Co-ordination Centre, to disrupt and arrest those involved in County Lines.

Op Mantis officers were supported in the week of action by officers from across the Constabulary including Safer Neighbourhood Teams, Intervention officers and Operation Scorpion.

**What is County Lines?**

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.

Detective Sergeant Jon Leak, who leads Hertfordshire Constabulary's Op Mantis team, said: "Although we do not have a major problem with County Lines gangs here in Hertfordshire, it is a growing national issue that we must target at its core through early disruption and, wherever possible, before serious offences occur.

"Last week we joined police forces up and down the country in a week of action to target those who are involved in drugs supply and exploiting the vulnerable.

"This type of criminal activity and the associated violence and exploitation has a devastating impact on young people, vulnerable adults, families and local communities.

"As part of the week we carried out a number of warrants at addresses, which has helped to disrupt the activities of County Lines gangs, resulted in arrests, the seizure of drugs and cash and also helped towards efforts to safeguard the vulnerable.

"We also put two knife arches at the railway station in Stevenage to identify those who carry weapons and are working with partners to raise awareness of County Lines among young people, parents, teachers and other members of the community to help protect the vulnerable and prevent them from being pulled into County Lines activity."

The following warrants took place:

 * **Monday:** A warrant was carried out at an address in Lapwing Rise, Stevenage. No arrests were made. Working on intelligence three people were stopped and searched in Fairlands Valley Park, Stevenage. Two 17 year old boys and an 18 year old man, all from Stevenage, were arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A and Class B drugs with intent to supply. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue. A quantity of suspected Class A and Class B drugs were seized along with cash.

 * **Tuesday:** Two warrants were carried out at addresses in Besant Way and Gowan Road, Wembley in connection with a County Line believed to be operating in the Hatfield area. A 24 year old man from London was arrested at the Besant Way address on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply and a 21 year old man from London was later arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply in connection to the warrant. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue. A quantity of Class A drugs and cash were seized.

 * **Wednesday:** A warrant was carried out at an address in Grove Road, Ware. No arrests were made. A small amount of herbal cannabis was seized.

 * **Thursday:** A warrant was carried out at an address in Southbury House, Waltham Cross. No arrests were made. A Closure Order was secured on a property in Kings Cottages, Bishop's Stortford, in connection with anti-social behaviour and crime at the address. The order excludes all people from entering the property and those that do will be arrested. As part of enquiries linked to the address officers arrested an 18 year old man from Reading on suspicion of possession of a Class B drug (cannabis). He was cautioned by police. More information about the Closure Order can be found at here.

The two knife arches were in place in Stevenage on Tuesday (9.30am to 11am), Wednesday (3.20pm to 5pm) and Thursday (3.30pm to 4.40pm).

**Tuesday:** A total of 68 people went through the arches. 18 people were stop and searched. Two men were found to be in possession of a small amount of cannabis and were given words of advice and a warning.

**Wednesday:** A total of 179 people went through the arches. Four people were stopped and searched.

**Thursday:** A total of 45 people went through the arches. Four people were stopped and searched.

No knives were located during the operation. Further information about the knife arch operation can be found.

DS Leak added: "We're working with neighbouring forces, our partners and the wider public to share information that will enable us all to target those responsible. Tackling County Lines is not just a police problem but something that we all need to work together on including education, healthcare and charities.

"The public also plays a key role in providing us with information about gang and drug activity and I would urge anyone who believes this type of crime is happening in their neighbourhood to report it to police, as this will help to build our intelligence picture so that we can take action.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

**What is Cuckooing?**

Cuckooing is the term used when gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of vulnerable adults by force or coercion.

How to spot the signs that cuckooing might be happening in your neighbourhood:

 * Lots of different people coming and going from an address during the day and at night.
 * Suspicious smells coming from the property.
 * Windows covered or curtains closed all of the time.
 * Cars pulling up to or near to the house for a short period of time.
 * An increase in anti-social behaviour around the property.

**Help and support for those with drug addiction:**

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00 or visiting.

** **
