```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Croxley Green.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following burglary in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Croxley-Green-1330C
```

* ### Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Croxley Green

 * ### Between 8.45am and 3.45pm on Tuesday, December 5, offender(s) gained entry to a property on Baldwins Lane.

 * ### Anyone with information should contact DC Paul Burton on paul.burton@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a burglary in Croxley Green.

Between 8.45am and 3.45pm on Tuesday, December 5, offender(s) gained entry to a property on Baldwins Lane.

They conducted an untidy search and along with a quantity of cash, took the following items:

 * A gold emerald and sapphire bracelet
 * Six pairs of Asian gold earrings (with a filigree pattern)
 * An antique rose gold necklace
 * Seven Asian gold bangles
 * Two Asian gold cuff bangles

Detective Constable Paul Burton, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who might have seen suspicious behaviour in the area between the times stated to get in touch. Did you see anyone acting suspiciously or perhaps running away from a property on Baldwins Lane?

"A white Transit van was seen close to the property during this time and is thought to be connected to the burglary. Perhaps you saw this van?

"I would also like to appeal to anyone who believes they might have been offered one of these items for sale to get in touch."

If you have any information that could help, contact DC Burton on paul.burton@herts.pnn.police.uk or the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/17/3788. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report ."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
