```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Teams have been busy carrying out prevention and detection work around knife crime, in support of the Operation Sceptre week of action, which took place from Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July.
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2020
title: North Herts Operation Sceptre roundup
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/north-herts-operation-sceptre-roundup-0395g
```

Officers from the North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Teams have been busy carrying out prevention and detection work around knife crime, in support of the Operation Sceptre week of action, which took place from Monday 13 July to Sunday 19 July.

In Letchworth knife sweeps were carried out in the recreational ground, Pyms Close, Howard Park Gardens and Norton Common.

The team also visited shops in the town that sell knives, to offer crime prevention advice around their sale and display. This included charity shops as well as home stores and supermarkets.

In Royston Priory Park received some extra attention from officers as they joined the Park Warden for some joint patrols. Officers also carried out knife sweeps in Icknield Park, the BMX Track and Betjeman Park. A visit to King James Academy was also carried out with the caretaker. No knives were located.

The Hitchin Safer Neighbourhood Team conducted regular knife sweeps of areas where reports had previously been received in relation to knife issues. These included Windmill Hill and The Dell, Ransoms Rec and Bancroft Park. No knives were located.

Officers also conducted increased hi-vis patrols in the Town Centre and visited local shops selling knives to ensure the owners understood the legislation relating to the sale of knives.

Chief Inspector for North Herts Sally Phillips said: "My teams have worked hard to raise awareness of knife crime and the dangers and consequences of carrying knives. This work will be ongoing as we are committed to removing knives from the streets in North Herts and educating those that think it is ok to carry them."
