```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 17-year-old boy was sentenced on January 15 at St Albans Crown Court in connection with a night of violent disorder that happened in Welwyn Garden City, bringing the total number sentenced to 11.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2018
title: Eleventh person sentenced in connection with violent disorder in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Eleventh-person-sentenced-in-connection-with-violent-disorder-in-WelwynGardenCity-1515B
```

* ### 17-year-old boy sentenced for Conspiracy to Commit Robbery.

 * ### This follows night of violent disorder that happened in Welwyn Garden City in September 2016.

 * ### 11 people in total have now been sentenced.

A 17-year-old boy was sentenced on January 15 at St Albans Crown Court in connection with a night of violent disorder that happened in Welwyn Garden City, bringing the total number sentenced to 11.

Following the disorder on September 24, 2016, Welwyn Hatfield's Local Crime Unit launched Operation Hade to find those responsible and tackle the on-going anti-social behaviour, disorder and associated crime experienced in parts of Welwyn Garden City. The extensive enquiries led to the arrest and charge of 12 individuals.*

In the summer of 2017, the 17-year-old boy and another offender pleaded guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Robbery in connection with the disorder. The trial commenced in November 2017 at Luton Crown Court, where the other nine offenders pleaded guilty to Violent Disorder three weeks into the proceedings. Ten of the offenders were then sentenced on Tuesday, December 12 at Luton Crown Court.

The 17-year-old boy was sentenced separately on January 15 to a 24 month Youth Rehabilitation Order, 24 months of supervision requirements, a 90 day Intensive Supervision Surveillance Order, a three month curfew between 7pm and 7am, 180 hours of unpaid work and 24 hours at an attendance centre.

*An 18-year-old from Welwyn Garden City, who had been arrested and charged on suspicion of Violent Disorder had no further action taken against him as no further evidence was offered.

**Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who leads Welwyn Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit, said**:

"We are once again delighted with the sentencing of this individual and feel that it suitably reflects the seriousness of the offences committed.

"Those sentenced in connection with the offences that happened that night in September 2016 behaved appallingly and put their victims through pain and distress.

"Hertfordshire Constabulary will not tolerate such unacceptable, violent disorderly behaviour and we will continue to come down hard on those responsible as we have with Operation Hade.

"Through our own investigations and information from the public, we can work together to keep the area safe and I would therefore strongly encourage people to always report suspicious activity and ASB to us should they come across it.

"Crime or suspicious activity can be reported to us via the police non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 if you witness an offence in progress. Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111."
