```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to raping a woman at an address in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 8 Mar 2019
title: Man jailed for rape in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-rape-in-hatfield-2708b
```

* ### He pleaded guilty on the first day of trial and was sentenced to four years and nine months.

 * ### The incident occurred at an address in Hatfield in 2017.

 * ### Help and support is available to victims of sexual assault. Don't suffer in silence.

A man has been jailed after pleading guilty to raping a woman at an address in Hatfield.

Saheed Oyebamiji, aged 25, from Lavidge Road in Greenwich, was sentenced to four years and nine months at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (March 1).

Oyebamiji attacked his victim as she slept in her bedroom, following a party in August 2017.

He pleaded guilty on the first day of the trial and was given a six year custodial sentence, reduced by 20 per cent for pleading before trial. A lifetime restraining order was also put in place.

Detective Sergeant Ben Smith, from the Constabulary's Sexual Offences Investigation Team, said: "Understandably, this has been an extremely upsetting time for the victim. I am pleased she was spared the ordeal of going through trial and that Oyebamiji is now serving a custodial sentence.

"We take all reports of rape and sexual assault seriously and have specially trained officers available to help. If you have been a victim, please don't suffer in silence."

Information about the help and support available to victims can be found here _.

_
