```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an alleged assault in Borehamwood are appealing for information and are particularly keen to trace a member of the public who may have seen what happened.
publish:
  date: 25 Feb 2021
title: Did you witness assault in Borehamwood?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-borehamwood-1232j
```

* ### The incident occurred in Milby Court.

 * ### Police are trying to trace a potential witness.

 * ### A 17-year-old boy has been arrested.

Police investigating an alleged assault in Borehamwood are appealing for information and are particularly keen to trace a member of the public who may have seen what happened.

The incident occurred in Milby Court, sometime between 12.15am and 12.30am on Friday 19 February.

An altercation occurred between a small group of people, reportedly leaving one person unconscious and a second person with facial injuries.

PC Heather Morris, who is investigating, said: "Our enquiries into the incident are continuing. As part of the investigation, we're keen to trace a person who we believe was in the area at the time and may have seen what happened. They were wearing a hooded jacket. If this was you, please do get in touch with us, as you may have vital information which could assist the investigation moving forward.

"We'd also like to hear from anyone else who may have information about what happened."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Heather Morris

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/12301/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

• A 17-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been bailed until 17 March while enquiries continue.
