```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new police office has been opened in Ware to help provide an even stronger policing presence in the town.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2021
title: New police office opens in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-police-office-opens-in-ware-1345a
```

* ### The office is situated in Tudor Square.

 * ### It will provide a base for local officers.

 * ### Residents are encouraged to report the issues they want officers to focus on.

A new police office has been opened in Ware to help provide an even stronger policing presence in the town.

Situated in Tudor Square, the purpose-built hub will provide a local base for Safer Neighbourhood Team officers. While it will not have a public front desk, it will allow officers to respond more quickly to local issues or concerns.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Tom Prior said: "This new office has been in the planning stages for a while now and we're really pleased that it is finally up and running. We understand that residents want a local policing presence in the heart of their community, so it was important that we delivered this."

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton added: "We're committed to working with our local communities and partners, to identify any issues and put solutions in place. Having a new police base in Ware will enable us to work even more closely with them."

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing in your local area by using our online community voice platform echo. All feedback is anonymous and is constantly reviewed, to help shape local policing priorities and initiatives.

Echo should not be used to report crime. You can instead do this by reporting information online, speaking to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or calling the non-emergency number 101.Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
