```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Last week (15-19 July) Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a series of operations as part of a week of action against County Lines gang activity in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2019
title: Twenty one arrested as County Lines gang crime targeted in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/twenty-one-arrested-as-county-lines-gang-crime-targeted-in-stevenage-0521
```

* 21 arrested in connection with drug supply network in Stevenage
 * Seven month investigation targeted Couny Lines gang activity
 * 16 charged in connection with drugs offences

Last week (15-19 July) Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a series of operations as part of a week of action against County Lines gang activity in Stevenage.

Officers from the Operational Support Group and Operational Intelligence Team executed warrants following a seven month long investigation, targeting individuals with links to organised crime and class A drug supply networks. The activities were supported by local policing teams and Scorpion units to disrupt and arrest those involved in County Lines activity.

Those charged during the operation were:

 * Karrell Mckoy-Williams, 24, of Lion Road, London, charged with conspiring to supply a class A drugs (crack cocaine) and remanded.
 * Austin Ugwumadu, 24, of Adelaide Road, London NW3, charged with conspiring to supply a class A drug (crack cocaine) and remanded.
 * Nicky Horgan, 47, of The Willows, Stevenage, charged with possession with intent to supply \- class A drugs and bailed.
 * Kim Brown, 42, of The Willows, Stevenage, charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drugs (heroin and cocaine) and bailed.
 * Sophia Battle, 33, of Archer Road, Stevenage, charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drugs (heroin) and bailed.
 * Josh Thomas, 33, of Southwark Close, Stevenage, charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drugs (heroin and cocaine) and remanded.
 * Sean Meloney, 23, of Cowgate Road, Greenford, London, charged with supplying a controlled drug of class A (heroin) and bailed.
 * Kelly Taylor, 45, of Harrow Court, Stevenage, charged with supply a controlled drug of class A (heroin) and bailed.
 * Mo Thomas, 40, of no fixed address, charged with possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of class A (crack cocaine) and remanded.
 * Ryan Thompson, 37, of Boston House, Stevenage, charged with the supply of class A drugs (heroin and crack cocaine) and remanded.
 * Reese Mullings 21, of Hydean Way, Stevenage, charged with possession with intent to supply a controlled drug of class A (cocaine) and remanded. ** **
 * Paul Bennett 22, of Northbrooks, Harlow, charged with being concerned in supply of heroin and remanded.
 * Odane Stone, 24, Kingfisher Way, London, NW10, charged with supplying a controlled drug of Class A (heroin) and remanded.
 * Devon Redhead, 20, Palmerston Court, Stevenage, charged with supply of a controlled drug - class A (heroin) and remanded.
 * Mark Ward, 25, of Chertsey Rise, Stevenage, charged with supplying a controlled drug of class A (heroin) and bailed.
 * Andrew Webb, 30, of Marlowe Road, London, E17, charged with supplying a controlled drug of class A (heroin) and remanded.

A man and a woman both from Stevenage were arrested on suspicion of possession of a controlled drug with intent to supply class A drugs, they have been released under investigation. Three boys were also arrested as part of the investigation, a 15 year old and a 16 year old both from Hitchin and 16 year old from Stevenage. All three have been released under investigation.

Detective Inspector Mark Clawson from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operational Intelligence Team, who led the operation, said: "We put together this operation to alleviate the issue of County Line dealers coming into Stevenage to supply drugs, causing untold misery to the residents. We have been able to dismantle several lines and charge and remand the main organisers. Dealers come into towns and target vulnerable people, including recruiting children to work for them. These operations will send a clear message to gangs that they will not be allowed to operate in Hertfordshire."

Stevenage Chief Inspector, Alicia Shaw said: "We have made a significant impact on the County Lines networks operating in Stevenage, disrupting gang activities and the supply of drugs.

"We continue to work with partners to detect and disrupt those involved in County Lines activity, to protect our young people and the community."

If you suspect that a property in your area is being used for criminal activity or you believe that someone you know is being exploited or coerced into crime, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report. If you are part of a gang or believe you are being coerced or exploited by criminal gang members you can get help and advice at www.fearless.org, which provides non-judgemental advice and allows you to give information 100% anonymously.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
