```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team is seeking a new volunteer to assist at its information point service.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2017
title: Could you be a police support volunteer?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Could-you-be-a-police-support-volunteer-1053
```

* ### Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team is seeking a new volunteer.

 * ### The volunteer will assist the information point service and be responsible for a range of tasks.

 * ### Applications close on November 24, 2017.

Abbots Langley Safer Neighbourhood Team is seeking a new volunteer to assist at its information point service.

The facility is the first port of call for members of the public who attend Abbots Langley police station.

The successful candidate will join the existing volunteer team on a rota basis of approximately four hours per week and will be responsible for a range of tasks.

These include keeping a log of all phone calls and enquiries, liaising with other agencies as appropriate (e.g the council or dog warden), updating the Constabulary's Property Management System, providing general administrative support and information based tasks for the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

Safer Neighbourhood Chief Inspector Deirdre Allen said: "This is a great opportunity to join a well-established team who have been running the information point for more than 10 years. There are so many benefits to volunteering; it offers the chance to give something back to the community and make a difference to the people around you. It also provides an opportunity to develop new skills or build on your existing experience and knowledge.

"We're looking for someone who is committed, has good interpersonal skills and is confident in dealing with the general public. Volunteers will also need to be computer literate as they will be required to undertake training on police systems."

The Constabulary's volunteer scheme welcomes applications from across the county and reimburses travel expenses up to 15 miles from the volunteering location.

**Applications close on Friday, November 24, 2017.**

Anyone who is interested in the role can apply via the Herts Police Careers website.

Hertfordshire Constabulary currently has more than 230 volunteers who have contributed more than 16,000 hours between them over the past year. They work in a variety of roles, supporting more than 35 teams across the county, enabling officers and staff to focus on tasks for which their training and skills are essential.
