```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Jewellery and Asian gold have been stolen during a series of burglaries across St Albans and Harpenden.
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2018
title: Help us beat the burglar in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-us-beat-the-burglar-in-stalbans-2223f
```

* ### Jewellery and Asian gold have been stolen during a series of burglaries across St Albans and Harpenden.

 * ### The majority of burglaries have occurred during the daytime, in particular as it is getting dark.

 * ### Residents need to do their bit by investing in alarms, CCTV and video door bells and keep an eye out for people acting suspiciously around neighbouring properties.

 * ### Always report any suspicious incidents to police on 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, always call 999.

Jewellery and Asian gold have been stolen during a series of burglaries across St Albans and Harpenden.

Unusually there were 10 burglaries which all occurred on the same day, Monday December 10, with eight in St Albans and two in Harpenden mostly targeting jewellery. Prior to that there were 13 burglaries in the fortnight from Monday November 26 to Sunday December 9, which is a relatively low number for the time of year. The majority of these were targeting jewellery and seven of these were targeting Asian gold.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick said: "Offender(s) have been deliberately targeting jewellery in the last few days and Asian gold in particular is being targeted. Burglars want to be in and out of homes as quickly as possible without being seen so will not waste too much time searching. It's best _not_ to keep your jewellery in an obvious place upstairs and not keep valuable or sentimental jewellery in a jewellery box that is visible. Try and think of unique places and somewhere hidden and out of sight.

"The majority of burglaries have occurred during the daytime, in particular as it is getting dark. Think about leaving lights on and using timer switches and consider leaving a radio on to make your house seem occupied."

She said: "We have increased high-visibility and covert police patrols, are arresting and interviewing suspects and thoroughly investigating all burglaries. However, residents need to do their bit by investing in alarms, CCTV and video door bells and keep an eye out for people acting suspiciously around neighbouring properties. **Always** **report any suspicious incidents to police on 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, always call 999.** We would rather turn up to a call with good intention than risk a burglar escaping. Please call us if you have witnessed anything that may help us solve these recent crimes."

The burglaries and attempted burglary on Monday December 10 occurred in Watson Avenue, The Ridgeway, Thirlmere Drive, Faircross Way, Hazelwood Drive, Whitecroft, Cell Barnes Lane, Wood End in Park Street with two offences in Coleswood Road in Harpenden.

_On Monday, December 10, an alarm went off between 5.51pm and 5.58pm at an address in Watson Avenue which disturbed the offenders and alerted residents._

_Jewellery was stolen from an address in Thirlmere Drive between 3.15pm and 4.50pm._

_Cash and jewellery were stolen from an address in Hazelwood Drive between 3pm and 6pm_

Asian gold burglaries occurred near Waverly Road, Cell Barnes Lane, St Johns Court (off Beaumont Avenue), Kitchener Close, Mayflower Road in Park Street and Sunnydell in Chiswell Green.

_Hundreds of pounds worth of Asian jewellery was stolen from an address near Waverly Road on December 6._

_Asian gold was stolen from an address in Kitchener Close on December 8._

_The upstairs of an address in Sunnydell, Chiswell Green, was searched by four offenders wearing baseball caps with their faces covered on December 6. A silver BMW was seen in the area._

DI Warwick added: "I'd also encourage people to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch (NHW) via the Online Watch Link (OWL) where residents will receive emails about crimes, including burglaries, in their local area. To join NHW, log on to owl.co.uk or speak to your local PCSO."

A 33-year-old man from Watford has been arrested on suspicion of burglary at Watford Road which occurred between 10 and 11 of November. He is currently under investigation whilst enquiries continue.
