```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who stole tens of thousands of pounds worth of property during a burglary spree in Watford has been jailed for four years.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2019
title: "Man sentenced to four years for string of burglaries \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-four-years-for-string-of-burglaries-watford-0320
```

* ### 49-year-old Ion Tanase has been jailed for four years after pleading guilty to a number of Watford burglaries

 * ### He rode around the town on a bicycle, breaking into homes before stealing cash and jewellery

 * ### The victims' neighbours' CCTV cameras captured him arriving and leaving the crime scenes

A man who stole tens of thousands of pounds worth of property during a burglary spree in Watford has been jailed for four years.

Ion Tanase, aged 49, of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to four counts of dwelling burglary and one count of possession of criminal property.

He appeared at St Albans Crown Court for sentencing on Friday, May 31.

In the first offence on September 4, 2018, Tanase broke into a property on Cassiobury Drive before stealing a set of keys and more than £100 in cash. He fled after he was disturbed by the occupant returning home.

On February 11, 2019, he smashed a ground floor window of a property in Foxlands Close before stealing jewellery.

On March 20, 2019, Tanase again smashed a ground floor window of a property in The Ridgeway before searching upstairs and taking a number of items of jewellery.

On April 12, 2019, he returned to Cassiobury Drive and used a wheelie bin to climb into a ground-floor window which had been left open. He stole a large amount of jewellery and £600 worth of Indian rupees, which he later converted.

Tanase then took a trip to Europe but was arrested by Border Force on his return to the UK in early May, before being charged and remanded.

A further 27 burglaries in Watford were taken into consideration*, meaning a total of 31 offences were detected overall.

Tanase was named after victims' neighbours' CCTV cameras captured him arriving and leaving the locations. Later, tests showed his DNA had been lifted from several crime scenes.

The Home Secretary will decide whether Tanase is to be deported to his native Romania once he has served his sentence.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "My team and I are extremely pleased with Tanase's custodial sentence. He used a bicycle to get around Watford and commit offence after offence but since he was charged and remanded, we have seen the number of reported dwelling burglaries plummet.

"Burglary is a serious violation of privacy and can have long-lasting, far-reaching effects. Tanase's utterly despicable behaviour left some of his victims feeling unsettled and unsafe in their own homes.

"I hope he uses his prison term to seriously reflect on his actions and think about the impact he has had on the innocent people he stole from."

_*Taken into consideration, or TIC, means the defendant admits responsibility for the offence but is not charged. However, it means the court has a broader and more accurate understanding of the offending and is able to pass a lengthier sentence than if it were just dealing with substantive charges. The use of this process does not prevent victims of TIC crimes claiming compensation, as the offence is still recorded and acknowledged by the criminal justice system. This method also means police forces gain valuable intelligence, record a fuller picture of offending for possible future cases and supports applications for restrictive court orders. _
