```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of various tools boxes recovered from woodland in Markyate in a bid to trace their owners.
publish:
  date: 27 Jan 2018
title: Do you recognise tool boxes recovered in Markyate?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-tool-boxes-recovered-in-markyate-1525
```

* ### A number of tool boxes were discovered in woodland in Markyate.

 * ### The boxes are believed to have been stolen.

 * ### Police would like to return them to their rightful owners.

Police are releasing images of various tools boxes recovered from woodland in Markyate in a bid to trace their owners.

PC Brian Evans, from Hemel Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "It is suspected that the tool boxes have been stolen and then dumped once the tools were removed from inside. It is not known if they were taken from Hertfordshire or a neighbouring county.

"We would still like to return these boxes to their rightful owners if possible and would ask anyone who recognises them to please get in touch."

Anyone who recognises the tool boxes is asked to contact PC Evans via the non-emergency number 101, or email brian.evans2@herts.pnn.police.uk

Did you know that police offer a free tool engraving service? Engraving tools makes them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell on. It also means that, if they are ever lost or stolen, they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily. Officers have previously recovered large quantities of tools but have had no way of telling who they belong to.

Anyone who like to get their tools engraved can arrange to do so by contacting 01442 271642 or emailing SNTHemelHempsteadNorthRuralWestandCentral@herts.pnn.police.uk

Recovered tool boxes are believed to have been stolen. Do you recognise these tool boxes?
