```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an attempted burglary in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following an attempted burglary in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-attempted-burglary-in-stalbans-2099F
```

* ### Representatives from a number of organisations will be in attendance.

 * ### A BSL interpreter will be present.

 * ### Attendees can get advice and discuss concerns.

Officers investigating an attempted burglary in St Albans are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Garden House Lane between 2.40pm and 2.50pm on Tuesday, November 13.

The offender attempted to force open a window and climbed onto the roof but was disturbed by a neighbour's dog barking and made off into the grounds.

He is described as being white, wearing a dark hoodie and carrying a rucksack.

A metal bird feeder pole was stolen from the garden.

Detective Constable Tony Kong, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "I am keen to hear from anyone who lives in the area and may have seen any suspicious activity on the evening of the offence.

"Any witnesses or anyone with information can contact me by emailing or through the non-emergency number 101, by quoting reference 41/55797/18. You can also report information online _"_

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
