```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have released CCTV photos of two people they would like to speak to following a burglary in Welwyn Garden City yesterday (Tuesday, January 22).
publish:
  date: 23 Jan 2019
title: CCTV appeal following burglaries in Welwyn Garden City and Welwyn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-burglaries-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-and-Welwyn-2420MD
```

Police have released CCTV photos of two people they would like to speak to following a burglary in Welwyn Garden City yesterday (Tuesday, January 22).

Shortly before 5.30pm, offender(s) gained access to a house in Parkway, Welwyn Garden City, after smashing the glass in a patio door.

It is believed that the people pictured were in the area at the time of the incident and could have vital information that will assist officers.

The incident is being linked to a number of other burglaries that are being investigated. The following burglaries all happened yesterday:

 * Between 10.30am and 7.50pm, offender(s) gained access to a property in Stapleford, Welwyn Garden City, after smashing rear doors. An untidy search was carried out (reference 41/7179/19)
 * Between 2.45pm and 5pm, offender(s) gained access to a house in Parkfields, Welwyn Garden City (reference 41/7119/19)
 * Between 8am and 8.20pm, offender(s) gained access to a house in Woodside Road, Welwyn, after damaging a window. An untidy search was carried out (reference 41/7204)
 * Between 12pm and 8.30pm, offender(s) gained entry to a house in Heathbrow Road, Welwyn. An untidy search was carried out (reference 41/7203/19)
 * Between 1pm and 6.45pm, offender(s) gained entry to a house in Raymonds Plain, Welwyn Garden City. An untidy search was carried out (reference ISR 637 of 22/01)
 * Between 9am and 8.17pm, offender(s) gained access to a property in Parkway, Welwyn Garden City. An untidy search was carried out (reference ISR 714 of 22/01)

Detective Sergeant Dave Walker, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "If you recognise those pictured, or you witnessed any of these burglaries, please in touch.

"I would like to reassure residents that we are conducting extensive enquiries to ensure that we trace those responsible and we have increased both uniformed and plain clothes patrols in the area.

"If you can help, please call 101 or email me at _david.walker@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , quoting the relevant reference. Any information you have could be vital for the investigations.

"I would also like to remind residents that there are steps you can take to help ensure your home looks 'lived in' during these darker, winter months. For example, you can use timer switches on a lamp, radio or TV set so that they turn on as it gets dark. More crime prevention advice can be found on our website at www.herts.police.uk."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
