```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after two beehives were stolen in Welwyn Hatfield
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: Appeal after two beehives stolen in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-two-beehives-stolen-in-welwyn-hatfield-0951
```

* ### The beehives were stolen between Monday 23 and Monday 30 November

 * ### Both contained colonies of bees at the time

 * ### Witnesses and those with information are urged to contact police

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after two beehives were stolen in Welwyn Hatfield.

The beehives, which both contained colonies of bees at the time, were stolen between Monday 23 and Monday 30 November.

At the two victims' requests, the exact location they were stolen from is not being disclosed to the public but those who witnessed the theft are urged to make contact.

Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in tracing the stolen beehives and finding the offender(s).

Report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting references 41/96434/20 and 41/96337/20. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
