```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a suspected arson in Welwyn.
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2019
title: Appeal following suspected arson in Welwyn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-suspected-arson-in-welwyn-2737b
```

* ### Police were called at 1.03am on Saturday, March 9, to reports of a white Mazda motor caravan on fire in Viaduct Way.

 * ### Nobody was injured and the fire is being treated as suspected arson.

 * ### If you can help, contact DC Kylie Davies on 101 or via email at kylie.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/22200/19.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a suspected arson in Welwyn.

Police were called by the fire service at 1.03am on Saturday, March 9, to reports of a white Mazda motor caravan on fire in Viaduct Way.

Officers attended to assist the fire service and the incident is being treated as a suspected arson.

The fire is believed to have started between 12.50am and 1am.

Detective Constable Kylie Davies, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully nobody was injured but extensive damage was caused to the vehicle. I would like to hear from any witnesses, or anyone who has information about the fire, to get in touch with me.

"If you saw any suspicious activity in the area around the time of the fire, I would also like to hear from you. Any information, no matter how small, could be vital to the investigation.

"If you can help, please get in contact on 101 or by emailing quoting crime reference 41/22200/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
