```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision on the northbound carriageway of the A505 Baldock bypass.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Did you witness collision on A505?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-collision-on-a505-0503
```

* ### The collision occurred on the Baldock bypass.

 * ### Two vehicles were involved.

 * ### One man remains in a critical condition in hospital.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious road traffic collision on the northbound carriageway of the A505 Baldock bypass.

The collision occurred near Wallington at around 8.45pm on Tuesday, 16 July and involved a silver Fiat Doblo van and a black Mercedes.

Both vehicles overturned as a result.The driver of the Mercedes suffered life threatening injuries. He remains in a critical condition in hospital at this time.

The Mercedes passenger and the driver of the van sustained minor injuries.

Sergeant Keith Evans, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "We are currently investigating the circumstances surrounding the collision and would like to hear from anyone who may have information about what happened. I am particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured dash cam footage or who may have seen the vehicles being driven in the area prior to the collision."

Anyone with information should contact PC David Charlton via email to david.charlton@bedfordshire.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 781 of 16 July. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
