```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of criminal damage in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2018
title: "Appeal following criminal damage \u2013 Hertford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-criminal-damage-Hertford
```

* ### Offenders smashed the rear windscreen of an Audi A1 in Hertford

 * ### This happened in The Elms on Saturday, March 10

 * ### Did you see anything? Please call 101 quoting crime reference A1/18/798

Officers investigating an incident of criminal damage in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in The Elms just after 11.45pm on Saturday, March 10.

Offender(s) approached a black Audi A1 and used an implement to smash the rear windscreen before leaving dents and scratches in one of the side panels.

While doing this, they also caused damage to the driver's side door of a black Audi TT parked next to the Audi A1.

They were disturbed by a resident before making off from the scene. They are described as two white men wearing dark clothing. Both were wearing hooded tops, one with white stripes down the side. One of the men was between approximately 5ft 9in and 6ft tall.

If you witnessed what happened and have no yet spoken to police, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email lauren.eifert@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number A1/18/798.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
