```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two burglaries which occurred in Aldbury and Tring are trying to trace a motorcyclist who may have information which could assist their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Motorcyclist sought following burglaries in Aldbury and Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motorcyclist-sought-following-burglaries-in-aldbury-and-tring-1612
```

* ### Two properties were burgled within 30 minutes.

 * ### Detectives are trying to trace a motorcyclist who they believe was in the vacinity at the time both incidents occurred.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Detectives investigating two burglaries which occurred in Aldbury and Tring are trying to trace a motorcyclist who may have information which could assist their enquiries.

At around 11.40am on Wednesday, January 24 a property in Beechwood Drive, Aldbury, was broken into (crime reference D3/18/50).

Around 30 minutes later, at approximately 12.10pm, an address in Manor Road, Tring, was targeted (crime reference D3/18/49).

Detective Constable Chris Phillips, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "At this moment in time we believe the two incidents are linked.

"As part of our enquiries we are trying to trace a motorcycle rider who we believe was in the vicinity of both burglaries at the times they occurred.

"If you have any CCTV that covers these areas, or neighbouring roads, and may have picked up footage of the rider, please contact us. We would also like to hear from anyone who believes they may have seen the bike in either of these areas."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Chris Phillips on 01442 271010 or email chris.phillips@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting one of the crime reference numbers above. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
