```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are increasing their patrols in areas where there are currently closed premises.
publish:
  date: 2 Apr 2020
title: Businesses continue to be targeted by burglars in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/businesses-continue-to-be-targeted-by-burglars-in-stevenage-0004e
```

* ## Commercial burglaries still on the increase in Stevenage.

 * ## Officers step up patrols in vulnerable areas.

 * ## Local residents asked to stay vigilant if they live near vacant properties.

Police in Stevenage are increasing their patrols in areas where there are currently closed premises. Since the Government restrictions came into place, forcing many shops and businesses to temporarily close, commercial burglary offences have continued to rise in the town.

Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Pat McPeake said: We have seen an increase in commercial burglary offences since mid-February and they are unfortunately continuing. We have stepped up our patrols in key areas and we are asking people who live near to shops or businesses, to keep an eye out for any suspicious activity.

"We have also contacted many owners of businesses in the town to give them advice on how to keep their premises secure during this difficult time.

"Always call 999 if you suspect a burglary may be in progress - this gives us the best chance of catching someone in the act and stopping other people being burgled. If you see any vehicles acting suspiciously, try and note down the registration numbers if you can and call us straight away on 999. Watch out for your neighbouring properties particularly if you know they are unoccupied."

If you have any information or are reporting a burglary retrospectively, call 101 or report online.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
