```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in a Hemel Hempstead pub have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following an assault \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-an-assault-hemel-hempstead-0397d
```

* ### Do you recognise the person pictured?

 * ### Police would like to speak to him as part of enquiries into an assault in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/47051/19.

Detectives investigating an assault in a Hemel Hempstead pub have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between midnight on Saturday, May 25, and 12.30am on Sunday, May 26, the victim, a 25-year-old man, was in the Market Arms Tavern on Waterhouse Street.

He was standing near a pillar close to the door when he lost his footing and stumbled into another man. The man responded by hitting the victim with the beer glass, causing a gash to his cheek. The man then immediately leaving the pub.

Staff at the venue treated the victim before the arrival of emergency services however he required significant further treatment at hospital as a result of heavy bleeding. He is now recovering at home.

Detective Constable Katherine Stevens from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit said: "We appreciate that these images aren't of the highest quality but perhaps you recognise this man's stance, or the clothes he is wearing?

"We believe he may have information that could prove vital to our investigation so if you know who he is, please get in touch.

"I would also appeal to anyone who saw this incident, or has any other information that could assist us, to contact me as soon as possible."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Stevens by email or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/47051/19. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
