```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information."
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2019
title: "Attempted robbery in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-Bishops-stortford-2573a
```

* ### Three males attempted to steal a phone from a 17-year-old boy.

 * ### The victim suffered a bloodied nose during the incident.

 * ### He managed to get away and nothing was taken.

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Bishop's Stortford are appealing for witnesses and information.

At around 6pm on Thursday, February 7, a 17-year-old boy was cycling through the park area in Woodpecker Close, when he was stopped by three unknown males who asked him for directions.

The victim was then punched in the face and the offenders attempted to steal his phone. He managed to get back onto his bike and cycle off. Nothing was taken.

The first suspect is described as being white, aged between 20 and 25, around 5ft 10in tall, of average build, with "a small amount of hair on his chin". He was wearing jogging bottoms, a black puffa-style jacket and a beanie hat.

The second suspect is described as wearing a green coat, made by SikSilk, with a reflective emblem on the arm.

The victim was unable to get a description of the third male.

Detective Constable Shaun Turner, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack which left the victim with a bloodied and swollen nose. I am appealing for anyone who may have seen the suspects in the area, or thinks they may know who they are, to please get in touch. Any information could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information should contact DC Turner by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/12529/19. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
