```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is issuing a warning after the theft of several vehicles which had been put up for sale.
publish:
  date: 13 May 2020
title: Warning after thefts of vehicles advertised for sale
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-after-thefts-of-vehicles-advertised-for-sale-109
```

* ### Five vehicles advertised for sale stolen

 * ### Thieves posed as prospective buyers and stole key fobs

 * ### Thefts occurred in Bricket Wood, St Albans, Hemel Hempstead, Borehamwood and Bushey

Hertfordshire Constabulary is issuing a warning after the theft of several vehicles which had been put up for sale.

At least five vehicles, four BMWs and one Audi, have been stolen in the last two months, after men posing as prospective buyers viewed the vehicles and obtained the vehicle key fobs. During the viewings the offenders have managed to switch the fobs for duplicates. The offenders then returned at a later time and took the cars using the stolen fobs.

The thefts occurred in Bricket Wood, St Albans, Hemel Hempstead, Borehamwood and Bushey.

Inspector Nicola Dean, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit, said: "These offences were perpetrated by men who contacted the seller via online motor sales sites and arranged to view the vehicles. During the viewing the offenders have managed to switch the vehicle fobs for a duplicate.

"We advise people selling vehicles to take all the usual precautions you would when selling any item, but you should also never hand over the keys to a stranger, if you are allowing someone to test drive the vehicle make sure you accompany them and make sure you have all the vehicle fobs afterwards."

In order to minimise the chance of becoming a victim we offer the following advice:

 * If selling a vehicle, the owner should not permit any potential purchaser to test drive the vehicle on their own, under any circumstance. Vehicle owners should also consider their own personal safety when accompanying a potential purchaser during a test drive.
 * Likewise, potential purchasers must consider their own personal safety if asked to meet and view a vehicle advertised for sale, not at the sellers address i.e. a remote location or public car park. Purchasers are advised not to view any vehicle while in possession of large amounts of money.
 * Make sure any test driver has a valid driving licence and suitable insurance cover. You could be liable for any accidents they may have.
 * To avoid buyers being left alone (and potentially driving away) with your vehicle, keep hold of their keys at all times and avoid leaving them in the ignition.
 * Never hand over the vehicle keys or documentation until your bank has confirmed the full value of the vehicle has cleared into your bank account.
 * Don't be pressured into releasing your vehicle - a genuine buyer will not mind waiting until the draft has cleared.
 * Be careful about how you take payment. Ask for cash to be handed to you in a bank, where the notes can be checked for forgeries and paid in immediately. Online bank transfer is one of the safest ways to pay as it avoids handling large amounts of cash.
 * Obscure the number plates in the photo(s) you use to advertise your car. If a potential buyer asks why, explain how plates can be cloned for use on other vehicles for more serious crimes.

For more crime prevention advice, please visit our website at www.Herts.police.uk/crimeprevention

If you have information about these offences you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/28437/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can provide your feedback on what matters most to you about policing in Hertfordshire, even if you haven't called the force communications room, by texting the word 'echo', followed by your thoughts to 66099* or by visiting www.herts.police.uk/echo.
