```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is releasing figures for the number of calls it received during 2017 and is reminding people of the many ways police can be contacted.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2018
title: Calls figures for Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2017
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Calls-figures-for-Hertfordshire-Constabulary-in-2017
```

* ### During the last year Hertfordshire Constabulary recieved 629,083 calls into its Force Communications Room.

 * ### However, more and more people are now choosing to contact the Constabulary via the force's online options.

 * ### There are a range of online options available to the public at www.herts.police.uk/report.

 * ### Crimes can be reported online and members of the public can have live web chats with our call handlers.

 * ### In an emergency situation always dial 999.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is releasing figures for the number of calls it received during 2017 and is reminding people of the many ways police can be contacted.

During the last year (January to December 2017) the force received 629,083 calls into its Force Communications Room (FCR) and, of these, 153,408 calls were made via the 999 emergency number.

Call handlers answered 14,121 hoax calls - that's 2.5 per cent of the total number of calls.

Our average 999 call lasted three minutes and 45 seconds, while the average 101 non-emergency call lasted four minutes and 36 seconds.

However, picking up the phone is not the only way to get in touch with police in Hertfordshire.

There are a range of online options available to the public at www.herts.police.uk/report and we're reminding people of the choices on offer.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge, who oversees public contact, said: "In the past year we've seen that increasing numbers of people are choosing to log on rather than pick up the phone when getting in touch about non-emergency matters.

"During 2017, 3,215 crimes were reported online through our website and we had 16,481 live web chats with members of the public. We're expecting these figures to continue to rise as we go forward into 2018 as more and more people embrace modern technology to contact us.

"The service you receive online is the same as the response you get when dialling 101, with the same police staff in our FCR dealing with your report or enquiry.

"Through our website you can report a crime, a road traffic collision, anti-social driving and other matters. You can also speak to a call handler directly through our online web chat facility.

"The online reporting options should only be used in non-emergency situations. If there is a risk to life or property please always dial 999 so that we can get help to you as quickly as possible."

**101 or 999 - which one should you call?**

Calling 999 means your call gets priority and allows the most appropriate action to be taken immediately.

Always call 999 if:

 * Someone is injured, being threatened or is in danger.
 * There is a risk of injury to someone or a risk of serious damage to property.
 * A crime is in progress or you suspect a crime is in progress.
 * There is a serious incident which needs immediate police attendance.
 * Someone suspected of a crime is nearby.

The 101 number should be used for non-emergencies. Typical examples of when people should call 101 include:

 * If you want to give police information about a crime that is not currently in progress.

 * To contact a local police officer, such as someone from your Safer Neighbourhood team.
 * If your property has been stolen or damaged but it is not a crime in progress.
 * If you suspect drug dealing or use in your area.

If you are deaf, hard of hearing or speech impaired you can also text **07786 207091 (this number is only used in Hertfordshire)** or textphone/Minicom **18001 101** **.** In an emergency text your emergency to 999 (you must be registered to the National Emergency Text Service before doing this) including what the problem is, what service you require - police, fire, ambulance or coastguard and give the details of where you are.
