```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The public are being reminded to follow crime prevention advice when selling a vehicle after a white Mercedes was stolen.
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2018
title: Crime prevention advice after theft of car in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Crime-prevention-advice-after-theft-of-car-in-Borehamwood
```

* ### **The public are being reminded to follow crime prevention advice when selling a vehicle after a Mercedes car was stolen in Borehamwood. **

 * ### **The victim was showing a 'potential buyer' the car when the offender locked the doors and drove off with it, leaving the victim in the street.**

 * ### **Anyone who believes they have seen the car since it was taken is asked to contact police. **

The public are being reminded to follow crime prevention advice when selling a vehicle after a white Mercedes was stolen.

At around 3.10pm on Tuesday, January 2, a man was showing the vehicle to another man he believed to be a potential buyer in Rossington Avenue, Borehamwood.

During the viewing, he started the engine and got out of the car to get into the passenger seat. Before he could do this the offender got into the driver's seat, locked the doors and drove off.

Inspector Graeme Walsingham, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "Sadly not everyone is honest and some people will take advantage of those who advertise their vehicles for sale and then arrange to meet a potential buyer.

"In this case the victim's white Mercedes hatchback car with the registration BV62 TVJ was stolen. Enquiries are on-going to locate the offender and vehicle and I would urge anyone who believes they have seen this car since it was stolen or may know of its whereabouts to please contact police via 101, quoting crime reference J1/18/15 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

"If you'd rather report information anonymously please call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit details at www.crimestoppers-uk.org."

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following crime prevention advice when selling your vehicle:**

 * When taking a potential buyer on a test drive take someone else with you.
 * Keep a charged mobile phone in your pocket in case you need to alert police.
 * Stick to a route you know that is close to home and let others know the route you are taking and when to expect you back.
 * If in any doubt do not allow anyone else to drive your vehicle.
 * Make sure any test driver has a valid driving licence and suitable insurance cover. You could be liable for any accidents they may have.

 * To avoid buyers being left alone (and potentially driving away) with your vehicle, keep hold of the keys at all times and avoid leaving them in the ignition.
 * Ensure you have removed your house keys from your car keys.
 * Never hand over the vehicle keys or documentation until your bank has confirmed the full value of the vehicle has cleared into your bank account.
 * Never send money abroad.
 * Never pay a large deposit.
 * Don't be pressured into releasing your vehicle - a genuine buyer will not mind waiting until the draft has cleared.
 * Be careful about how you take payment:

Cash - ask for the cash to be handed to you in a bank, where the notes can be checked for forgeries and paid in immediately.

Cheques - never let the buyer take your vehicle until the funds have cleared in your bank account.

Bank drafts - are not as good as cash, so treat them in the way you would a personal cheque.

Online bank transfer is one of the safest ways to pay as it avoids handling large amounts of cash and the problems associated with cheques.
