```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged following a police pursuit in Hemel Hempstead in the early hours of Friday 4 October.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019
title: Man charged following police pursuit in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-following-police-pursuit-in-hemel-hempstead-0902d
```

* ### George Mackenzie, aged 32, of Ninian Road, Hemel Hempstead, has been charged with a string of offences after police pursuit.

 * ### The pursuit happened in the early hours of Friday 4 October and saw officers make two arrests after tracking the vehicle from Hemel Hempstead to Berkhamsted.

 * ### A woman who was arrested has been released with no further action, while Mackenzie is due in court on Friday 25 October.

A man has been charged following a police pursuit in Hemel Hempstead in the early hours of Friday 4 October.

At around 3.30am, officers attempted to stop a silver Vauxhall Tigra in Queensway. A pursuit ensued until the vehicle came to a stop in Lower Kings Road in Berkhamsted.

Both occupants were arrested and during a search of the vehicle, a crack pipe was recovered.

George Mackenzie, age 32 of Ninian Road, Hemel Hempstead, has been charged with:

 * Taking a vehicle without the owner's consent
 * Dangerous driving
 * Driving while disqualified
 * Driving without insurance
 * Possession of a class A drug (heroin)

He has been bailed and will next appear at St Albans Magistrates Court on Friday 25 October.

A 29 year old woman from Hemel Hempstead was also arrested following the pursuit however after extensive enquiries, she has been released with no further action.
