```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply after police executed a warrant in Waltham Cross on Tuesday, April 2.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Man arrested following warrant in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-following-warrant-in-waltham-cross-0022k
```

* ### Officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion executed a warrant in Waltham Cross.

 * ### A man from the town was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply.

 * ### A large quantity of suspected cannabis was found and seized.

A man was arrested on suspicion of possession of drugs with the intent to supply after police executed a warrant in Waltham Cross on Tuesday, April 2.

At around midday officers from Broxbourne's Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) were joined by Operation Scorpion officers and a handler and dog from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Dog Unit as they forced entry to a property in Kenworth Close.

Officers and Police Dog Buzz searched the address and a vehicle.

A large quantity of suspected cannabis was located. Cash was also seized from the house.

A 33-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested and taken to custody. He has since been released under investigation.

PC Theresa Funes-Walker from the Broxbourne SNT said: "Our work to target those suspected of being involved in the supply of drugs continues.

"We know drugs can have a significant impact on local communities as they often cause more violent and acquisitive crime, so if you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, I'd urge you to report it to police so we can take appropriate action."

You can make reports to the police via the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
