```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a burglary in St Albans have released images of a man they would like to speak to.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Images released following St Albans burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/images-released-following-stalbans-burglary-0413F
```

* ### Images released following burglary in St Albans.

 * ### Bank card later used in Watford.

 * ### Please call 101 if you recognise this man.

Police investigating a burglary in St Albans have released images of a man they would like to speak to.

The break-in occurred on April 19 at The Sycamores on Belmont Hill when the offender forced open the front door to one of the flats.

A search was carried out inside the property before the offender put items into a gym bag and made off. Three Gucci necklaces, two bracelets by Gucci and Pandora, a Gucci watch, cash and a debit card were taken.

Later that day a bank card stolen during the break-in was used at the Meridian Post Office in The Gossamers, Watford.

Detective Constable Sally Brown from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "The pictured man is believed to have been present in the shop around the time the card was used and may have information that can assist the enquiry."

Anyone who recognises the man or who has information about the burglary is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F1/18/1828, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
