```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a distraction burglary in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following distraction burglary in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-distraction-burglary-in-waltham-cross-2191k
```

* Three men pretending to be from the water board carried out a distraction burglary in Waltham Cross on December 4.
 * They said they needed to enter the home in Sturlas Way to fix a leak.
 * ### A significant amount of jewellery was stolen.

 * ### Officers are reminding residents to remain vigilant and not allow those claiming to be from utility companies into their home unchallenged.

 * ### If in doubt always close the door and contact the relevant utility company to check if they've sent someone round to carry out work.

 * ### If you believe you have rogue traders at your door do not hesitate to call police straight away.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a distraction burglary in Waltham Cross.

Between 3.45pm and 5.10pm on Tuesday, December 4, three men claiming to be from the water board knocked on the door of a home in Sturlas Way saying there was a water leak inside that they needed to fix.

Once inside one of the offenders blocked the victim - a woman aged in her 50s - in the kitchen and made her empty her kitchen cupboards while the others searched the property. They left around 5.10pm taking a significant amount of jewellery.

The offenders are described as being white, wearing black clothing and woolly hats.

PC Sam Joyce from the Cheshunt Local Crime Unit said: "The victim was obviously left shaken by her ordeal but thankfully was not injured and is now being supported by her family and officers.

"I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed three men matching the description in the area around the times stated to get in touch as you may have information that can assist our investigation and help us to identify the offenders.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to urge residents not to let anyone into their property who calls unexpectedly and always ask those claiming to be from utility companies such as water, gas or electricity companies for identification. If you are ever in doubt close the door and call the relevant utility company to check if they've sent someone round to carry out work.

"If you believe you have rogue traders at your front door please do not hesitate to shut the door and call police straight away."

Anyone with information that could help police is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/62552/18 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you'd rather provide information anonymously contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form.
