```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following collision in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-collision-in-potters-bar-2409j
```

* ### At around 8.45pm on Thursday, December 27, a pedestrian was involved in a collision with a grey Audi Q3 that was driving along Hatfield Road.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses, or anyone who saw the pedestrian or Audi prior to the crash.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 618 of December 27.

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision in Potters Bar.

At around 8.45pm on Thursday, December 27, a pedestrian was involved in a collision with a grey Audi Q3 that was driving along Hatfield Road. The driver stopped at the scene.

The pedestrian, a man in his 70s, remains in hospital with a serious head injury.

PC Saskia Wilkes said: "I would like to speak to anyone who saw the collision, or who saw the pedestrian or grey Audi shortly prior to the incident.

"Any witnesses or anyone with information or dash cam footage can contact me by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 618 of December 27, or report information online _. "_

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
