```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire\u2019s Local Resilience Forum (LRF) is calling on the whole community to act now and \u2018Play your Part\u2019 to slow the rapid spread of coronavirus in our county."
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2020
title: Act now to avoid Hertfordshire moving to high-risk status
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/act-now-to-avoid-hertfordshire-moving-to-high-risk-status-161020all
```

Hertfordshire's Local Resilience Forum (LRF) is calling on the whole community to act now and 'Play your Part' to slow the rapid spread of coronavirus in our county.

Hertfordshire, as a whole, has been placed as a medium-risk area in the Government's new system of local COVID-19 alert levels.

"Hertfordshire is currently rated in Tier One - the medium alert level. Despite this, we have seen a significant rise in positive cases of coronavirus in our county over the last 10 days and the situation here remains serious. There is no room for complacency," said Darryl Keen, Director of Community Protection, Chief Fire Officer and chair of the strategic coordination group of the LRF.

"I'm pleading with everyone to act now to avoid our county moving to high-risk status for which there will be stricter, tougher measures introduced. Now is the time to redouble our efforts to keep the virus at bay."

Hertfordshire's LRF - a partnership of over 60 organisations including the emergency services, local councils, health services and volunteers, which plans, trains and responds to emergencies together - has been working to coordinate the county's approach to COVID-19.

Hertfordshire Constabulary Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: "The vast majority of people have been playing their part by following government guidelines, particularly on face-coverings, social-distancing, the 'rule of six', and self-isolation where necessary. Now is the time for everyone to be even more disciplined to help us control the spread of the virus.

"Our police officers continue to be out in communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly and follow coronavirus rules. We will take enforcement action if necessary. We've increased targeted patrols; working in partnership with local authorities, licensing authorities and businesses to ensure the rules are being followed."

If you are concerned that an individual is breaking the law or you are experiencing anti-social behaviour, you can report this to police, who will consider the most appropriate response and will target the most problematic behaviour. Reports should be made online or via 101 wherever possible. In an emergency dial 999.

If you're concerned that a business is breaching coronavirus rules, please contact your local district or borough council in the first instance.

Darryl added: "We still have a limited window of opportunity to stay in control of the spread of the virus in Hertfordshire, if you keep playing your part, we can all stay safe in Hertfordshire together."

If you are feeling unwell, you should call 119 or book a test on the Governments website.
