```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Empowering older people to spot rogue traders, avoid scams, report anti-social behaviour and make their homes more secure were some of the topics discussed at an Older Persons Awareness event run by the Bushey and Radlett Safer Neighbourhood Team recently.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2017
title: Helping our elderly population stay safe and not be duped by criminals in Bushey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Helping-our-elderly-population-stay-safe-and-not-be-duped-by-criminals-in-Bushey-1202J
```

* ### More than 40 people came to the event hosted by the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

 * ### Those who attended were given advice on a range of topics.

 * ### The feedback from the event has been positive.

Empowering older people to spot rogue traders, avoid scams, report anti-social behaviour and make their homes more secure were some of the topics discussed at an Older Persons Awareness event run by the _Bushey and Radlett Safer Neighbourhood Team_ recently.

More than 40 people came to the event organised by PCSO Callum Ellis at the Niland Centre in Bushey Heath last Thursday (November 16).

"We wanted to give older people information about the latest scams and how to avoid them, especially when the offenders are so convincing, and give them the confidence to say 'no'," said PCSO Ellis.

"We also wanted to make sure residents properly secure their homes by double locking their PVCu doors and consider installing alarms and other burglary deterrents."

PCSO Ellis, who was joined by PCSOs Esther Ainsley, Leon James and Carole Bull, said: "It was great opportunity to talk to the residents after the presentation and remind them about easy crime prevention advice to keep themselves and their property safe. We also encouraged them to join Neighbourhood Watch and told them to call 101 if they see any suspicious behaviour - or 999 if a crime is in progress."

He added: "We had lots of positive feedback from the residents and councillors. We hope the information will be taken on board and hopefully will prevent some crimes from happening."

The event was funded by the _Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership_ , which includes the police and Hertsmere Borough Council.

Older persons event
