```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Extra police patrols will be conducted in Hertford this weekend following an increase in youth related criminal damage, assaults and public order in recent weeks.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2019
title: Dispersal order in Hartham Common
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dispersal-order-in-hartham-common-2391a
```

* ### Police have received reports of criminal damage and anti-social behaviour in the area.

 * ### A dispersal order will be put in place to deter people from gathering.

 * ### Anyone found to be committing an offence will be dealt with robustly.

Extra police patrols will be conducted in Hertford this weekend following an increase in youth related criminal damage, assaults and public order in recent weeks.

On each occasion, police have been made aware of large groups of young people gathering in the Hartham Common area on Friday and Saturday evenings. Many of these people have been identified as being involved in repeated anti-social behaviour.

As a result, a section 34 dispersal order will be in place on Friday and Saturday (January 18 and 19), which means anyone found gathering in the area can be directed to leave and prevented from returning for up to 48 hours.

Officers will also be taking details of people involved in anti-social behaviour and through the Operation Panther* process, the Safer Neighbourhood Team will be exploring all necessary avenues of prosecution, including dealing robustly with parents.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Russell Jones said: "We are currently experiencing increased levels of anti-social behaviour and disorder in the area and this is unacceptable, as it has a huge impact on the local community. As a result we will be conducting additional patrols and will deal robustly with young people who are found to be causing a nuisance or committing criminal offences.

"We are also encouraging parents to ensure they know the whereabouts of their children, who they are with and what they are doing. Whilst I am keen to encourage young persons to use the leisure facilities in the correct manner, it is not acceptable for damage to be caused or for people to become victims of abusive behaviour."

If you witness anti-social behaviour, please report it to police on the non-emergency number 101 or online. If you believe a crime is in progress, dial 999.

* Operation Panther aims to deter young people from engaging in anti-social or criminal behaviour. The scheme identifies those responsible and develops a long term plan, with the involvement of parents, to try to prevent re-offending.
