```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Broxbourne took part in a national knife amnesty by running an event in Waltham Cross to encourage the surrender of unwanted knives and other potential weapons.
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2018
title: Broxbourne knife amnesty results
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/broxbourne-knife-amnesty-results-1824K
```

* ### 11 items handed in during Waltham Cross knife amnesty.

 * ### Knife amnesty held as part of the national Operation Sceptre Campaign.

 * ### Knife detection operations and Community Engagement Days held as part of the campaign.

Police in Broxbourne took part in a national knife amnesty by running an event in Waltham Cross to encourage the surrender of unwanted knives and other potential weapons.

The amnesty was part of a national campaign, Operation Sceptre, which ran between September 18 and 24. The amnesty provided a great opportunity to issue some strong messages and advice about the risks of carrying a knife in public, following an increase in knife-related incidents nationally, which has been reflected in the borough.

Eleven knives were handed in to the Cheshunt Safe Neighbourhood Team, who were in Waltham Cross town centre between September 19 and 22. The officers were on hand to give advice and oversee the amnesty in which several large knives were surrendered.

Officers also carried out knife sweeps in areas that have seen an increase in knife-related incidents in recent years. Community engagement days were also carried out in several areas of the borough as part of the campaign.

Inspector for Broxbourne Roy Stammers said: "There has been a lot of work done in the borough in recent years to tackle knife crime. We are working along with our partners in local government, schools and charities to reduce knife crime and we will continue to run a number of initiatives to educate young people about the dangers of carrying knives and remove those that do carry knives from our streets."
