```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertsmere officers are taking action to help secure your vehicles, following an increase in catalytic converter thefts in the area.
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2019
title: Hertsmere officers are securing your catalytic converters and tools
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertsmere-officers-are-securing-your-catalytic-converters-and-tools-0919
```

Hertsmere officers are taking action to help secure your vehicles, following an increase in catalytic converter thefts in the area.

Catalytic converters, which are fitted to the vehicles' exhaust system, contain precious metals and have become a common target for thieves. They can cost up to £1200 to replace.

In response, officers have funded security marking kits from Hertsmere Borough Council, and have partnered with Kwik-Fit in Elstree Way, Borehamwood, who have kindly offered to fit them for free.

Your catalytic converter will be etched with a unique serial number to make it easily identifiable if stolen, and warning stickers will be displayed on the windows of the vehicle to act as a deterrent to thieves.

It will take roughly an hour in total. There's no need to book - simply turn up during their opening hours from Monday 21 October through to Sunday 27 October.

Kwik-Fit is open from 8.30am to 6pm Monday to Friday, 8.30am to 5pm on Saturday and 10am to 4pm on Sunday.

PCSO Samantha O'Grady, from the Borehamwood and Elstree Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This is a great opportunity to secure your vehicle. We've seen a massive spike in catalytic converter thefts across the county recently, and it's worth taking extra measures to help deter opportunist thieves."

If you're unable to make it, Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help protect yourself against catalytic converter theft:

 * If you are unable to lock your car in a garage when parked at night, we recommend that where possible you park your vehicle by reversing against a wall or fence and park as close to the kerb as possible as this will make it difficult for thieves to access the catalytic converter.
 * If you leave your car in a car park overnight, be sure to look for one with a Secured Car Park sign, as this means it will have recognised levels of security.
 * If you leave your car on your street, or in your drive, consider installing CCTV cameras as they will deter thieves.You can also get your catalytic converter forensically marked, get protective coverings fitted on it, or have the bolts securing it in place welded to make removal more difficult.

In addition, Hertsmere officers are also running a free tool marking event on Friday 25 October in Wickes car park, in Elstree Way, Borehamwood, between 7am and 9am.

If you have any information regarding catalytic converter theft, you can report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online via their anonymous online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
