```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Baldock.
publish:
  date: 29 Dec 2020
title: Attempted robbery in Baldock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-baldock-1038g
```

* ## 55 year old man was pushed against a wall by two men.

 * ## The men searched him but ran off empty-handed after being disturbed.

 * ## Police investigating are appealing for witnesses or information.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery in Baldock.

The incident occurred on a footpath in London Road, sometime between 1.30pm and 2pm on Monday 21 December.

A 55-year-old man was returning from the Tesco petrol station when he was approached by two men on footpath 28, who pushed him against the wall and began searching him.

A member of the public then approached and the men ran off empty handed.

The men are described as:

 * A white man, approximately 40 years of age, of average build, with light coloured collar length hair. He was wearing a black face mask, blue jeans and a silver jacket with a hood which was down. He was also carrying two carrier bags.

 * A black man, approximately 30 years of age, of skinny build and taller than the other man. He was wearing a black mask, a dark red top and ripped blue jeans.

PC Joe Massey, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the man was not injured but has been left shaken by what happened.

"I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may have seen two men in the area around the time stated, who match the descriptions given, to please get in touch. I am particularly keen from the member of public who appears to have inadvertently disrupted the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Joe Massey.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/102616/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window.

**

**
