```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Letchworth and four people have been arrested after police in North Herts took action against those involved in further anti-social behaviour (ASB).
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2017
title: Further arrests made and new Closure Order secured on Letchworth property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Further-arrests-made-new-Closure-Order-secured-on-Letchworth-property-1073G
```

* ### A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Letchworth and four people have been arrested.

 * ### This follows a previous Closure Order granted on October 6 which stipulated only the named tenant and her child were allowed entry to the property.

 * ### The new Closure Order bans anyone from entering the property for three months.

 * ### Police will not tolerate anti-social behaviour and will ensure those responsible will face the consequences.

A new Closure Order has been secured on a property in Letchworth and four people have been arrested after police in North Herts took action against those involved in further anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 on a bungalow in Southfields Letchworth. The property was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the property in an anti-social manner and causing a disturbance.

This follows on from a previous Closure Order which was granted on October 6 which stipulated that only the named tenant and her child were allowed entry to the property.

Following continued reports of ASB between October 6 and October 23, the case was taken back to Stevenage Magistrates Court on Tuesday, October 24, where a new Closure Order was granted banning anyone from entering the property for three months.

Police attended the address on October 24 after the further reports of ASB were received and arrested four people. These included:

 * 21-year-old Sophie Nightingale, of High Street, Arlesey, was arrested and charged with breaching a Closure Order. She is due to appear at Stevenage Magistrates' Court on November 29.
 * 18-year-old Natasha Nightingale, of Fishponds Road, Hitchin, was arrested and charged with breaching a Closure Order. She is due to appear at Stevenage Magistrates' Court on November 29.
 * A 44-year-old woman and a 16-year-old girl from Letchworth were arrested on suspicion of Public Order offences and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

This brings the total number of people charged with breaching a Closure Order at the address to five. The three people who were charged on October 13 will appear at Stevenage Magistrates' Court on November 8 and 15.

Each of those charged were released on conditional bail which restricts them from entering the Southfields, Woodhurst, Sherwood, Ordelmere and Caslon Way areas of Letchworth.

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with North Herts Homes and North Herts District Council to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order. The police had received numerous calls from members of the public about ASB at the address.

**North Herts Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Stephen Oliphant, said:** "Closure Orders should be taken very seriously. We will not tolerate anyone breaching their terms and anyone found to do so will face further police action.

"For months we have been responding to complaints alongside our partner agencies about ASB at this property. After securing a Closure Order on October 6, ASB continued and as a result we have now secured a new order banning anyone from entering the property.

"Four further people have also been arrested in connection with breaching the order and two of these have been charged. I hope this action dissuades anyone from committing similar ASB in the area in future.

"By taking this action to now fully close the address, we hope to provide neighbours with some respite from the on-going issues."
