```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are re-releasing images of two men they are still keen to trace as part of their enquiries, one year on from the crime.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2018
title: "Anniversary CCTV appeal following a burglary \u2013 one year on"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Anniversary-CCTV-appeal-following-a-burglary-one-year-on
```

* ### Do you know these men? We are reappealing to trace them after a burglary in Watford

 * ### A year has passed since the offence but officers are still investigating

 * ### If you recognise either of the people pictured, please call 101 quoting C1/17/1545

Officers investigating a burglary in Watford are re-releasing images of two men they are still keen to trace as part of their enquiries, one year on from the crime.

The incident happened in Market Street between 12am and 5am on Saturday, March 25 2017.

Offender(s) gained entry to a property via a front gate and the rear patio doors before carrying out a tidy search inside.

They took a purse, which held several hundred pounds in cash plus several credit cards and a driving licence. The offender(s) then made off in an unknown direction.

Detective Constable Jon Holmes, who is investigating, said: "We understand that a lot of time has passed since the incident itself, but we are still keen to identify these two men as we believe they have information that could be the key to solving the crime. Do you recognise them?"

If you know them, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please email jonathan.holmes2@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number C1/17/1545.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
