```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Dacorum Borough Council, working in partnership with Hertfordshire Constabulary, has successfully obtained a Closure Order for a property in Berkhamsted. This is the second property that has been closed in the town within a week due to antisocial behaviour.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2018
title: Crackdown on antisocial behaviour continues in Berkhamsted
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Crackdown-on-antisocial-behaviour-continues-in-Berkhamsted-J
```

* ### Dacorum Borough Council successfully obtained a closure order for a property in Berkhamsted.

 * ### This is the second property to be closed in a week as a result of partnership working between the police and council.

 * ### Anyone who breaches the order could face a fine or imprisonment.

Dacorum Borough Council, working in partnership with Hertfordshire Constabulary, has successfully obtained a Closure Order for a property in Berkhamsted. This is the second property that has been closed in the town within a week due to antisocial behaviour.

The Closure Order was sought from Stevenage Magistrates' Court on 25 January, 2018 for the property on Loxley Road after complaints were made to police and the council in connection with cannabis being used and smoked within the premises, among other complaints and incidents.

Dacorum Borough Council's Antisocial Behaviour team issued the tenant with a Community Protection Notice in July in respect of drug use within or near the flat by the tenant or others, but this was breached in December.

Complaints were received about the smell of drugs at the property and frequent visitors to the address caused a nuisance and disturbance to local residents.

Using legislation from the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, officers from Dacorum Borough Council effectively demonstrated to the court that criminal behaviour had taken place at the property and use of the property had resulted in serious nuisance to members of the public. The court granted a complete Closure Order to close the property for three months.

Anyone in breach of the Closure Order can face imprisonment, a fine or both.

Councillor Janice Marshall, Portfolio Holder for Environmental, Sustainability and Regulatory Services at Dacorum Borough Council, said: "We have obtained this closure thanks to the partnership work of our Antisocial Behaviour team, Legal Department and the Berkhamsted Police Safer Neighbourhood team. This is the second premises closure in less than a week and it sends out a clear message that nuisance and antisocial behaviour, caused by drug use, will not be tolerated in our community."

Neighbourhood Sergeant, Ryan Hemmings, said: "This operation has been a well-coordinated approach between us and our partners and sends out a strong message that antisocial behaviour and drug misuse will not be tolerated in Berkhamsted. This type of behaviour can have a hugely detrimental effect on others living in the area and we will continue to work with our partners and do everything in our power to tackle it.

"Anyone with information about drug crime or anti-social behaviour in their neighbourhood is urged to please report the details to us so that we can take action to make your community safer. Your calls can make a real difference."

Dacorum Borough Council will now be taking further enforcement against the tenant to end their tenancy.

In November 2014, the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 introduced new powers allowing the Police or local authority to apply for premises to be closed if use of the premises is resulting in serious nuisance or acts of a person on the premises amount to criminal, disorderly or offensive behaviour.

The Anti-social Behaviour team use these powers as a last resort where all attempts at engaging with the individuals concerned have failed. Help and support is always offered in the first instance and the team work closely with a variety of partnership agencies to try and resolve cases before taking legal action.
