```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Three months on from William Taylor being reported missing, Hertfordshire Constabulary are re-appealing for the public\u2019s help in tracing him."
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2018
title: "Missing William Taylor \u2013 Three Month Anniversary Appeal"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Missing-William-Taylor\u2013Three-Month-Anniversary-Appeal-1741MD"
```

* **70 year old William Taylor has been missing for three months**
 * **He was last seen at his home in Gosmore on Sunday, June 3**
 * **If you have information about his whereabouts call 101. For immediate sightings call 999 straight away.**

Three months on from William Taylor being reported missing, Hertfordshire Constabulary are re-appealing for the public's help in tracing him.

William 'Bill' Taylor, was last seen at his home in Gosmore, North Hertfordshire, on Sunday, June 3 at around 9pm - shortly before his 70th birthday.

Extensive enquiries have been carried out since he was reported missing, including a thorough search of the farmland surrounding William's home.

William is described as white and around 5ft 11in tall. He is of a medium build and has short grey hair. He was last seen wearing a baby blue-coloured shirt, jeans and black wellies. It is believed that William may have been wearing or in possession of a navy blue boiler suit when he went missing.

North Hertfordshire Chief Inspector Julie Wheatley said: "We, along with many others, are extremely concerned about what's happened to him and I am urging anyone who has any information about where William might be to get in touch with us.

"William has worked as a farmer for the majority of his life. William is passionate about farming and his contributions to the management of the business have been dearly missed throughout the summer harvest. William has a herd of cattle which he is very fond of and he would never leave them without a plan in place.

"Special arrangements have had to be made to ensure that they are looked after, along with his other farm animals which serves to illustrate just how out of character William's disappearance really is."

CI Wheatley added: "If you believe you have seen William since he went missing, or you have information that might help us find him, please do not hesitate to call 101. For immediate sightings, call 999 straight away."

Information, including sightings, can also be reported on the public portal here: _https://mipp.police.uk/operation/824_

William Taylor
