```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are asking local communities to be alert to the signs of large and unlicensed gatherings, such as illegal raves.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2020
title: Warning following increase in illegal unlicensed events
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-following-increase-in-illegal-unlicensed-events-28022020
```

As life returns to a new kind of normal, it is clear that some people have let down their guard and may have forgotten that social-distancing is still very much in place with large gatherings not permitted, in an effort to prevent the spread of coronavirus.

We have seen an increase in illegal unlicensed music events and house parties in recent weeks, and are warning the public that anyone found breaching the COVID-19 rules will face a hefty fine. As of this weekend you could face a large fine if you are found either organising or attending an unlawful event.

Chief Inspector Chris Treadwell, who leads Hertfordshire's Crime Reduction and Community Safety team, said: "Please remember that unlicensed music events are illegal, and that there are numerous risks in attending - not least the very real threat of coronavirus, which we should still all be taking measures to protect ourselves from where possible.

"As they are unlicensed, these events are carried out in unsuitable venues, with zero security measures in place and no risk assessments to determine the safety of the venue. This, of course, creates the perfect environment for violence, posing a very serious risk to all in attendance - as demonstrated recently at an illegal rave in Borehamwood, where two people sustained nasty knife wounds.

"As well as this, these events have a direct impact on the wider community, who are affected by the anti-social behaviour that comes with illegal events of this nature. The target audience for these events are predominantly young people, who may not comprehend how selfish or dangerous they are, particularly in the current climate.

"We wish to send out a clear message: these illegal and unlicensed events will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire, and we will take all measures possible to both shut down and prevent any similar events from happening. We have seized hundreds of pounds worth of high-tech equipment from previous raves.

"Those who organise these unlawful events will face the full force of the law in the form of arrest and prosecution. Those who choose to attend these events will also face enforcement action and could receive a criminal record - Government rules have now changed meaning that anyone found organising an event such as an illegal rave or a house party in the current climate could be fined £10,000 for breaking the law - and all those found to be in attendance could be fined £100\. As well as being left out of pocket and with a criminal record, more importantly, you could be risking your life by attending. Please, think twice."

The key to stopping these events in their tracks is early intelligence so please let us know if you, or anyone else you know, has been approached looking for land to hire, even if the activity appears genuine.

Often rave organisers choose rural locations so we are especially asking those living in these areas to remain vigilant, ensure their land is properly secured and report any suspicious activity to us. However, these events often also take place in industrial areas so we are asking everyone to keep an eye out.

There are several indicators which may suggest that a rave is being planned in your area - if you notice any of these, even if they may seem minor or insignificant, please report it to us via our online webchat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Please be aware of the signs to spot, and inform the police if you see the following:

 * Cropped bolts on gates
 * Flattened or disturbed hedgerows
 * People in vehicles stopping to look into a field
 * People climbing over a fence or gate to look into a field
 * Posters or social media messages advertising a large gathering
 * Vehicles entering fields or open spaces
 * People unloading sound equipment

You can report information online at _herts.police.uk/report_ , launch an online web chat at _herts.police.uk/contact_ or call the non-emergency number 101.

If you believe a crime is in action, or someone's life is in danger, then please always dial 999.
