```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Local MP for Stevenage \u2013 Stephen McPartland is backing Neighbourhood Watch in a bid to get more local residents signed up to the scheme. He joined Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson, Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls and Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Martin May for a walk about the town on Thursday December 6. The group made a special visit to the Oval to chat to local residents and business owners."
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2018
title: Local MP Lends his Support to Neighbourhood Watch
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/local-mp-lends-his-support-to-neighbourhood-watch-2210E
```

* ### Local MP joins Chief Officers for walkabout in Stevenage.

 * ### Group visit the Oval in Stevenage to chat to residents and local business owners.

 * ### Stephen McPartland MP is backing latest push to get Stevenage residents to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch.

Local MP for Stevenage - Stephen McPartland is backing Neighbourhood Watch in a bid to get more local residents signed up to the scheme. He joined Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson, Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls and Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Martin May for a walk about the town on Thursday December 6. The group made a special visit to the Oval to chat to local residents and business owners.

With more than 22% of households in Stevenage already directly receiving emails about crimes, suspicious activity and police events in their area - local police teams are keen to get as many residents on board as possible.

The emails are sent by the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) to all residents signed up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link OWL . They provide information about crimes being committed in local areas, missing people, wanted offenders, local police events and crime prevention advice.

**MP for Stevenage, Stephen McPartland said:** "The Neighbourhood Watch scheme is an excellent way for local officers to keep in touch with their communities and vice versa. We have had some excellent results, which have come out of people receiving an email about a crime or incident and then responding with information which has significantly helped an inquiry.

"Residents don't have to do anything other than act on any crime prevention advice sent to them, which encourages them to report any suspicious incidents or behaviour that they may have seen. When we are all working together for the greater good it makes it harder for criminals to operate, as well as helping to improve community spirit across the town."

There are many examples of Neighbourhood Watch keeping residents safer. Earlier this year a Stevenage pensioner was close to being scammed. He was about to send £15,000 of his life savings to a convincing con artist pretending to be from his bank. Fortunately he thought twice after seeing an email message from Neighbourhood Watch warning him about the scam.

**Chief Inspector for Stevenage, Alicia Shaw added** : "We have a good relationship with our local communities, who are always helping us by reporting suspicious activity or providing information that helps our inquiries. By signing up to Neighbourhood Watch you can make sure you are always in the loop, with relevant and timely information being sent directly to you.

"Our dedicated Neighbourhood Watch Liaison officers manage the sign ups and also send out information along with our SNT officers. It really does not require you to do anything other than provide us with an email address or phone number. You do not have to get involved in any other way unless you want to."

Simply sign up to NHW via OWL or contact your local Watch Liaison Officer - Verity Soued by calling 101 or emailing
