```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team will be in Hatfield Town Centre on Saturday (5 October) to mark your bikes for free.
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2019
title: Bike marking event in Hatfield on Saturday
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bike-marking-event-in-hatfield-on-saturday-0843
```

* ### Officers will be in Hatfield Town Centre on Saturday (5 October) to mark bikes for free

 * ### There has been an increase in bike thefts in Hatfield recently

 * ### Marking bikes makes them less attractive to thieves

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team will be in Hatfield Town Centre on Saturday (5 October) to mark your bikes for free.

Between 11am and 2pm, the officers will have a stall outside Asda by the bike shelters and residents are encouraged to bring along their bikes to be marked.

Marking bikes makes them less attractive to thieves, as they are harder to sell on. It also means they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily should they ever get lost or stolen.

In addition to the bike marking, officers will be giving out crime prevention advice and signing residents up to Neighbourhood Watch.

PCSO Deborah Rogers said: "Sadly, we have seen an increased in bike thefts in Hatfield recently. Bike marking only take a couple of seconds and it can help deter thieves from stealing your bike.

"It is also a good idea to register your bike on the national property register, Immobilise. If your bicycle is stolen and then found, this national property register will help us to return it to you.

"While we will be giving out advice on looking after your bikes, please don't hesitate to come along and speak to us if there are other local issues you want to talk about."

If you would like to receive emails about crime in Welwyn Hatfield or your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link.

You can send in your views and opinions about local policing at any time by using our new public system called echo. You can give your local police instant, anonymous feedback about crime or anti-social behaviour where you live and help shape how we address local issues in Welwyn Hatfield by using echo.
