```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Nearly 500 drivers have been caught in Hertfordshire for using a handheld mobile phone while at the wheel since the penalties doubled earlier this year.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2017
title: "THINK! Mobile phone campaign \u2013 October 2017"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/THINK-mobile-phone-campaign-October-2017-1065
```

* ### 493 motorists in Hertfordshire have been caught using their mobile phone at the wheel since March 1, 2017.

 * ### THINK! has today released a video to demonstrate just how much you miss by looking at your phone while driving.

 * ### More than 15,000 fines have been issued to drivers in the UK using a handheld phone since the new penalties were introduced.

Nearly 500 drivers have been caught in Hertfordshire for using a handheld mobile phone while at the wheel since the penalties doubled earlier this year.

Between March 1 and September 30 this year, 493 motorists in the county were caught using a handheld mobile phone, meaning they were handed a £200 fine and given six points on their licence.

Drivers caught twice face a lengthy ban - which could also then lead to a £1,000 fine. While new drivers - those who have passed within the last two years - face having their licence revoked if caught just once.

Sergeant Ian Manley, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "If you use a mobile phone whilst driving you significantly increase your chances of being involved in a serious, even fatal collision.

"We need to educate drivers that this behaviour is completely unacceptable. Using a phone behind the wheel not only puts your life at risk, but that of other innocent road users."

 Today (Wednesday, October 25), THINK! launches its latest campaign, which features a video directed by the people behind the music video for Pharrell William's hit _Happy_. You can watch the video on THINK!'s YouTube channel.

The campaign asks young drivers - who according to the latest research are less likely to consider mobile phone use a dangerous behaviour - to put their phone away by highlighting just what you miss when you glance at it while driving.

The film was directed by duo We Are From LA. It is shot in the style of a music video and uses vibrant colours and an edgy soundtrack to engage the young audience and challenge the misconception that a quick glance at your phone won't hurt.

The four-week campaign, which also includes two radio adverts, will run in cinemas, online and on social media.

More than 15,000 fines have been issued to drivers in the UK using a handheld phone since the new penalties were introduced.

Following the March THINK! campaign, awareness of the penalties increased by 89 per cent, and 47 per cent of those that had seen the adverts said they were less likely to use their phone when driving as a result.

The approach is a break from the normal hard-hitting THINK! campaigns as it is proven to be more effective at influencing the target audience, which is those aged 17 to 34. This age group is three times more likely than over 35s to use a handheld mobile while driving.

THINK! is urging Android smartphone users to download the Car Mode app or if using an iPhone, its drive safe mode, which automatically detects when you're driving, and silences incoming calls and messages.

RAC road safety spokesman Pete Williams said: "The RAC's latest research reveals that the problem is still at epidemic proportions with a hard core of drivers persisting in texting, talking, tweeting and even taking photos at the wheel.

"We therefore welcome THINK!'s thought-provoking video, which highlights the dangers of a two-second glance at your phone while driving. Motorists risk a 2 collision with potentially fatal consequences which could change their life, and the lives of others, forever.

"We hope that this will help persuade more drivers to put away their handheld mobile phone for good when driving and be phone smart."

Chief Constable Anthony Bangham, National Police Chiefs' Council Lead for Roads Policing, said: "Driving while distracted by a mobile phone is completely unacceptable and puts everyone on the roads at risk of serious harm.

"Police are making use of the tougher penalties to clamp down on this dangerous behaviour - but we have to be clear that when you get behind the wheel it is your responsibility to stay focused and alert.

"As this campaign makes clear, it only takes a few seconds of distraction to change lives forever."
