```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a report of a sexual assault in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2020
title: Appeal following report of sexual assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-report-of-sexual-assault-in-stevenage-0833e
```

* ## The incident is reported to have happened on Sunday (1 November) just outside Sainsburys in Hitchin Road.

 * ## At around 3.30pm, a 19 year old woman was approached by a man in a white Range Rover who is alleged to have sexually assaulted her.

 * ## A 52 year old man from Bedford has been arrested.

 * ## Witnesses and anyone with information should call 101 or email DC Wright at aristie.wright@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/88148/20.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a report of a sexual assault in Stevenage.

The incident is reported to have happened on Sunday (1 November) just outside Sainsburys in Hitchin Road. At around 3.30pm, a 19 year old woman was approached by a man in a white Range Rover. He is reported to have engaged her in conversation before exiting his vehicle, touching her inappropriately and giving her a kiss on the cheek.

Detective Constable Aristie Wright, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "We have arrested a 52 year old man from Bedford on suspicion of sexual assault in connection with this incident and I hope that is of reassurance to the local community.

"He has been released on bail while further enquiries are carried out. As part of our enquiries, I am keen to hear from anyone who saw what happened or anyone who has information about the incident.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email Aristie Wright at quoting crime reference 41/88148/20."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _Herts echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

_ _
