```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an assault in Ware are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2019
title: Appeal following assault in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-assault-in-ware-md0258
```

Officers investigating an assault in Ware are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

At around 9pm last night (Tuesday, May 21) two teenage boys were walking through Buryfield Park on Priory Street when they saw a group of teenagers arguing.

As the pair walked past the altercation, a teenage boy approached the victim and punched him in the face. Another teenage boy hit the victim with a blunt object believed to be a cosh baton.

The victim sustained two cuts to the head and was released from hospital early this morning.

The group were seen running off towards Asda after the assault.

An area search was conducted but they were not located.

The offender is described as black and aged around 15, with hair shaved on the back and sides. He was wearing a black hoodie and black tracksuit bottoms with white stripes and had a black backpack. He was with a white teenage boy who was wearing a green jacket. The rest of the group are described as around 15 years old, and were wearing hoodies and tracksuits with the hoods up.

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact Detective Sergeant Jeanette Walker on _jeanette.walker@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/45664/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
