```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested, charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 11 Aug 2020
title: Man arrested, charged and remanded in connection with serious assault - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-serious-assault-watford-0484
```

* ### Man arrested, charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Watford

 * ### Jake Mooney, aged 24, from the Meriden estate in Watford, has been charged with Section 18 GBH

 * ### The assault left the victim, a man in his twenties, with serious injuries that required hospitalisation

A man has been arrested, charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Watford.

Jake Mooney, aged 24, from the Meriden area of Watford, has been charged with Section 18 grievous bodily harm (GBH).

The charge is in connection with a serious assault that happened in Horseshoe Lane, Garston, on Sunday 5 July where a man in his twenties suffered injuries that required him to be hospitalised.

Mooney has been remanded in custody and is next scheduled to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 7 September.

 * James Diston, aged 27, of no fixed address, has been charged with Section 18 grievous bodily harm (GBH) and possession of an offensive weapon in connection with the assault. He has been remanded in custody and is next scheduled to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 1 September.
 * Danny Hardy, aged 30, of The Gossamers, Watford, was previously charged with Section 18 GBH and perverting the course of justice in connection with the assault. He has been remanded in custody and is next scheduled to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 17 August.
 * A 29 year old man from Watford was previously arrested on suspicion of Section 18 GBH in connection with the assault. He has been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.
