```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Rickmansworth are releasing an E-fit image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 4 Jul 2019
title: E-fit image released following assault in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/e-fit-image-released-following-assault-in-rickmansworth-0440c
```

* ### The incident occurred in Stockers Farm Road, near the aquadrome.

 * ### A 14-year-old girl was approached by a man who touched her arm and neck.

 * ### Officers would like to identify the person pictured.

Detectives investigating an assault in Rickmansworth are releasing an E-fit image of a man they would like to identify as part of their enquiries.

Shortly before 5pm on Thursday, March 28, a 14-year-old girl was approached by a man in Stockers Farm Road, close to the aquadrome.

The man touched her on the arm and neck before he appeared to be disturbed by a passing motorist and made off.

Detective Constable Nicky Stewart, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "The girl was uninjured during the incident but was understandably shaken up by what happened. Following the incident proactive policing patrols were increased in the local area to provide reassurance and ensure the safety of the public. To date, there have been no similar reports.

"Since the incident occurred we have been carrying out enquiries to trace the suspect and establish his motives. We are now in a position to release an E-fit image of a man we would like to identify as part of this ongoing work. He had fresh scratches on his face, which were not sustained during the incident. If you think you may know his identity, or have any other information which could assist our investigation, please get in touch.

"We are also still keen to trace the passing motorist, who was possibly driving a dark blue hatchback."

Anyone who thinks they may know the identity of the person pictured, or has information about the incident, should contact DC Stewart via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/28635/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
