```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for further witnesses to come forward as part of their ongoing enquiries.
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2019
title: Witness appeal following disturbance in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-disturbance-in-watford-0768c
```

* ### Police were called to Clarke Way shortly before 3.15pm on Friday 30 August, following a disturbance involving a group of men where a knife was reportedly seen.

 * ### No one was injured during the incident.

 * ### If you can help, call 101 quoting crime reference 41/78720/19.

Detectives investigating an incident in Watford are appealing for further witnesses to come forward as part of their ongoing enquiries.

Police were called to Clarke Way shortly before 3.15pm on Friday 30 August, following a disturbance involving a group of men where a knife was reportedly seen.

No one was injured during the incident.

Detective Constable Chris Cowell from the Constabulary's Serious Crime Investigation Unit, said: "We have been carrying out extensive enquiries since the incident occurred and one person has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

"We are now appealing for anyone who witnessed what happened and hasn't yet spoken to police to please come forward.

"We would also like to hear from anyone who was in the area, or lives in the street, who may have CCTV or dash cam footage that could assist us."

Police do not suspect this incident is linked to the death of Luke O'Connell.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/78720/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * A 19 year old from London was arrested on suspicion of affray. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
