```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from Hertsmere Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Closure Order on an address in Borehamwood under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2019
title: Closure Order secured on a property in Hackney Close, Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-a-property-in-borehamwood-md2823
```

Officers from Hertsmere Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Closure Order on an address in Borehamwood under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Hackney Close - was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the property in an anti-social manner and suspected drug dealing and drug use.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at St Albans Magistrate's Court yesterday (Wednesday, March 27).

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met, which included:

1) that a person has engaged, or (if the order is not made) is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or (if the order is not made) is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
3) that there has been, or (if the order is not made) is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises.

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Clarion Housing to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order.

The Closure Order would usually prevent everyone from entering the property for three months and anyone who breaches the order can be arrested. However in this case the applicant, Hertfordshire Constabulary, has allowed the sole occupant to remain in the address - although no other persons may enter.

Community Safety Sergeant Ricki Vaughan, said: "Behind the scenes we are working closely with partner agencies to tackle drug related anti-social behaviour and crime. Closure orders are just one of the many tools we can use if people are making lives a misery for those around them.

"If we receive regular reports of ASB linked to an address we will not hesitate to use this legislation in future cases if we believe it will help improve the quality of life for our local communities.

"In this case the occupant was fortunate in that we did not seek to have them excluded from the address. I would urge local residents to please continue to report anything of concern to us via the non-emergency number 101 and if you witness a crime or ASB in progress dial 999."
