```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police officers from Welwyn Hatfield\u2019s Operation Scorpion Team are clamping down on the supply and use of drugs in Hatfield after arresting three people, seizing nearly \xA35000 worth of drugs and around \xA316,000 in cash in recent days."
publish:
  date: 11 May 2018
title: Operation Scorpion officers crack down on drugs in Hatfield after three arrests
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/operation-scorpion-officers-crack-down-on-drugs-in-Hatfield-after-three-arrests
```

* Three arrested for drugs offences
 * Around £16,000 in cash and nearly £5000 worht of drugs was seized
 * Police in Hatfield will not tolerate the supply and use of drugs

Police officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Operation Scorpion Team are clamping down on the supply and use of drugs in Hatfield after arresting three people, seizing nearly £5000 worth of drugs and around £16,000 in cash in recent days.

 The arrests were made following proactive patrols undertaken by Operation Scorpion officers who are dedicated to fighting serious acquisitive crime and drug related offences.

On May 8 in Holme Close, officers stopped a vehicle with two women inside who appeared to be acting suspiciously. After searching the car, officers seized 10 bags of what was believed to be cannabis and £800 in cash.

Officers then attended the suspects' address in Welham Green and, after executing a search warrant, seized more suspected cannabis and a further £14,000.

The two women, a 22-year-old and a 20-year-old, were arrested on suspicion of possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply. They were taken into custody at Hatfield Police Station and were released under investigation pending further police enquiries.

At around 3pm the following day (May 9) Operation Scorpion Officers were patrolling around Parkhouse Court when they saw a man behaving suspiciously. Officers searched the man and found he was in possession of what is believed to be cannabis and just over £200 in cash.

Officers then conducted a search warrant on the suspect's address in Hatfield and seized £1500 in cash and what is believed to be a large bag of cannabis estimated to have a street value of £5000.

The suspect, a 20-year-old, was taken to police custody in Hatfield shortly after he was initially stopped and arrested. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply and was released under investigation pending further police enquiries.

**Welwyn Hatfield 's Chief Inspector Tannis Perks, said: **"I am delighted with the fantastic results our Operation Scorpion officers have achieved through their proactive patrols targeting drug use and supply in Hatfield.

"Sadly, as with most towns in the UK, drugs use is present in Hatfield, however we are doing everything we can to drive it out.

"Reports from members of the public make a real difference to our investigations and I would urge anyone who suspects drugs activity in their local area or in pubs and clubs to please continue to report it to us. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender."

 Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 in an emergency. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
