```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man described as skinny, aged in his 20s wearing dark clothing threatened two people on the Alban Way this week and police are asking for the public\u2019s help in identifying him."
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019
title: Who is threatening man on the Alban Way?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/who-is-threatening-man-on-the-alban-way-0216f
```

* ### A man threatened two people on the Alban Way this week and police are asking for the public's help in identifying him.

 * ### The incidents happened on Sunday, May 12 and Tuesday May 7.

 * ### Anyone with any information about the incidents is asked to call police.

A man described as skinny, aged in his 20s wearing dark clothing threatened two people on the Alban Way this week and police are asking for the public's help in identifying him.

The latest incident happened at midnight on Sunday, May 12 on the Alban Way, by Berners Drive where a man aggressively demanded a woman's bag. On Tuesday, May 7, a man was threatened in the same place. The offender demanded his wallet.

Detective Sergeant Tom Evans from the Local Crime Unit said: "Neither of the victims handed over any possessions but were understandably shaken by the threat of violence and it is possible the man had a weapon. We are asking for the public's help in identifying this man. If you know who he may be or have a description of this man, please call us."

He added: "For your own safety, do not approach or challenge this man but call police immediately on 999."

If you know who this man is or have any information, please call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/2124/19. You can also report information online. Alternatively, you can stay anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
