```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed at St Albans Crown Court today (Thursday 24 September) after a teenage boy was stabbed in Hoddesdon last year.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2020
title: Men jailed following stabbing in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/men-jailed-following-stabbing-in-hoddesdon-0668k
```

* ## Two men have been jailed after a teenager was stabbed in Rye Park, Hoddesdon last October.

 * ## Braydon Hall, aged 20, has been sentenced to 11 years after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18) and possession of an offensive weapon.

 * ## Jake Grainger, aged 18, has been sentenced to six and a half years after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18).

Two men have been jailed at St Albans Crown Court today (Thursday 24 September) after a teenage boy was stabbed in Hoddesdon last year.

Braydon Hall, aged 20, formerly of Kennedy Avenue, Hoddesdon, has been sentenced to 11 years after he pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18) and possession of an offensive weapon.

Jake Grainger, aged 18, of High Avenue, Letchworth Garden City, has been sentenced to six and a half years after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18).

An indefinite restraining order has also been granted, preventing the pair from contacting the victim.

On the morning of Tuesday 22 October 2019, an altercation took place in Rye Park during which the victim, then aged 16, was left with life threatening injuries after being stabbed multiple times, including wounds to his neck and chest.

He was taken to hospital by air ambulance and received life-saving treatment.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "This was a shocking and isolated incident between parties who were known to each other.

"Those responsible were quickly identified, arrested and charged.

"Knife crime will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire and we do everything we can to bring those responsible to justice.

"A young man very nearly lost his life in this incident and was saved by the actions of members of public and health professionals at the scene.

"The victim spent a significant amount of time in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged, but he still lives with the trauma of what happened to him."

 * Connor Dunne, aged 18, of The Drakes, Shoeburyness, Essex, has pleaded guilty to robbery in connection with the incident and is due to be sentenced on 22 October.
