```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new initiative has been launched in Borehamwood following an increase in serious crime committed by young people.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2018
title: Help us educate young people in Borehamwood to make the right choices and leave crime behind
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Help-us-educate-young-people-in-Borehamwood-to-make-the-right-choices-and-leave-crime-behind-1860J
```

* ### Knives kill and they will not be tolerated in Borehamwood warns Chief Inspector.

 * ### New initiative involves enforcement and diversionary activities for young people.

 * ### Report drug dealing, moped thefts and anyone habitually carrying a knife.

A new initiative has been launched in Borehamwood following an increase in serious crime committed by young people.

"Recent arrests and information we have received show a small number of local young people working together to commit moped related crime, dealing drugs and carrying knives," explained Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe. "Sadly we have seen knife related murders both in Hertfordshire and London recently and I am determined that we protect our Borehamwood community and the young people themselves from anything similar."

The new initiative involves enforcement, which includes high-visibility and covert police patrols, increased stop and searches and the introduction of knife arches. "But it is also about protecting young people and helping them to make the right choices in life," he said. "Some of these young people do not have the right influences in their lives, so a large part of the initiative is organising diversionary activities to give them choices and positive role-models."

A satellite boxing club near Leeming Road has been set up following anti-social behaviour that was happening there and YC Hertfordshire offer a range of activities for young people aged between 13-19 (aged to 24 for young people with learning disabilities; for young people leaving care, support is provided up to the age of 21).

He added: "The Hertsmere CSP will be identifying gaps in provision for those who need more targeted support. YC Hertfordshire has also done some great work with a number of our hardest to reach young people, who were involved with anti-social behaviour and crime, through their Bushey Wheels project, where young people will learn how to ride and look after a motorbike as well as improve their off-road motor bike skills in a safe environment."

He said: "At the moment, some of these young people are heading towards time in prison as a result of their actions. Someone needs to offer them a second chance. By working with other agencies, including Hertsmere Community Safety Partnership, and parents, we can reduce crime and anti-social behaviour for the good of the community in Borehamwood."

He said: "To make it work, we need the support of the local community to report drug dealing, moped thefts and anyone habitually carrying a concealed knife. I am reaching out to local parents to be intrusive to their children's whereabouts, especially in the evenings, check their associations and give them the message that knives kill and they will not be tolerated in Borehamwood."

If you suspect a crime is in progress dial 999, otherwise call police on 101. You can also report crime online

Alternatively, residents can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 anonymously.

A new Government campaign has been launched called #knifefree
