```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Broxbourne residents are being reminded to remove all their valuables from their vehicles and then lock them securely following several thefts in the area recently.
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2019
title: 'Reminder to Broxbourne residents: lock your vehicles and remove all valuables'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Reminder-Broxbourne-residents-lock-vehicles-remove-valuables-2505k
```

* ### Residents in Broxbourne are urged to secure their vehicles and remove all valuables.

 * ### Several thefts have occurred in the area recently.

 * ### Proactive police patrols are continuing, targeting those suspected of being involved in vehicle crime.

Stock image

Broxbourne residents are being reminded to remove all their valuables from their vehicles and then lock them securely following several thefts in the area recently.

In Hoddesdon two vehicles were accessed by offenders at some point between Sunday, February 3 and Monday, February 4.

Cash, a stereo and phone charger were stolen from a car in Rawdon Drive. In Lilliyard Close tools were stolen from a van.

In Waltham Cross two vehicles had their windows smashed and dash cams stolen during Monday night (February 4).

"Opportunistic thieves are taking advantage of people leaving valuables in their vehicles," said Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector Roy Stammers.

"Whilst we are continuing to carry out proactive patrols, targeting those suspected of being involved, the public can help us.

"Please never leave any valuables in your vehicle, not even in the glovebox or boot and keep all other possessions out of sight. Even if you know there is nothing valuable in your coat or bag left on the back seat, a thief doesn't and they may try their luck."

Inspector Stammers added: "Please also ensure your vehicle is fully secured when you leave it - lock the doors and shut the windows and sunroof."

Further crime prevention information can be found on our website.

Any witnesses or anyone with information in relation to the thefts should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/Report Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
