```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a commercial burglary in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 21 Mar 2019
title: Appeal following commercial burglary in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-commercial-burglary-in-welwyn-garden-city-2781b
```

* ### On Sunday, March 3, two offenders stole a safe from Timpson at Morrisons in Black Fan Road.

 * ### The offenders, both males, then left the scene on a moped.

 * ### Any witnesses, or anyone with information, should contact PC Stephen Carter on 101 or through email at stephen.carter@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a commercial burglary in Welwyn Garden City.

Shortly after 10pm on Sunday, March 3, two offenders approached Timpson at Morrisons in Black Fan Road. One of the offenders smashed the door before gaining entry and stealing a large silver safe, containing two watches and over a thousand pounds worth of cash.

The offenders, both males, then left the scene on a moped.

One of the offenders is described as white and was wearing grey joggers, a black jacket and a black helmet with an open visor. The other male was also wearing a helmet.

PC Stephen Carter, who is investigating, said: "The safe was later found prised open on the Cole Green Way old railway line, approximately halfway between Cole Green Lane and the A414.

"The offenders would have been travelling on the moped holding the safe so this would have been very noticeable.

"Did you see them? If you did, or if you saw suspicious activity in the area, please get in touch.

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in us tracing the offenders. If you can help, please call 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/20467/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
