```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2017
title: Appeal following assault in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-in-Stevenage-1364E
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Stevenage.

 * ### The incident happened at approximately 12.15am this morning (Friday, December 22).

 * ### Anyone with information should contact DI Chris Treadwell on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference E1/17/10428

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an assault in Stevenage.

The incident happened at approximately 12.15am this morning (Friday, December 22).

Around this time, the 21-year-old victim was walking along an alleyway in Archer Road (near the shops) when he was assaulted by three men who struck him on the head and stabbed him a number of times causing injuries not thought to be life threatening.

The offenders, who made off from the scene, are all described as black males dressed in dark clothing.

Detective Inspector Chris Treadwell, who is investigating, said: "Luckily the victim's injuries are not thought to be serious, however he will require surgery on the stab wounds.

"I would like to reassure the community that the incident is not thought to be random and I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened or seen the offenders running away from the scene to get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact DI Chris Treadwell via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report quoting crime reference E1/17/10428.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
