```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two burglaries at neighbouring homes in Letchworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 2 May 2018
title: Appeal following two burglaries in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-two-burglaries-in-Letchworth-0145G
```

* ### Two neighbouring homes in Willian Road, Letchworth, were burgled.

 * ### The offender(s) gained access by smashing the patio doors.

 * ### Cash and jewellery was stolen from one home.

Officers investigating two burglaries at neighbouring homes in Letchworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 10.30am and 1.10pm on Monday, April 30, offender(s) gained access to two properties in Willian Road by smashing the patio doors.

An untidy search was carried out inside both of the properties and jewellery and cash was taken from inside one of the homes. Nothing was taken from the other property.

PC Josh Wilson, who is investigating, said: "The properties are close to a popular fishing pond so I'm appealing for anyone who was fishing there between the times stated to think back to Monday and consider whether they saw anything suspicious.

"If you believe you may have seen something or heard something, no matter how small, please get in touch as you may have information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Wilson, call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime references G2/18/989 and G2/18/990 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
