```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a spate of criminal damage to parked vehicles in Potters Bar.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Appeal following criminal damage to vehicles in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-criminal-damage-to-vehicles-in-Potters-Bar
```

###

 * ### 14 vehicles have been scratched by offenders while left parked in residential streets in Potters Bar.

 * ### The offences happened between June 18 and June 25, with the majority taking place over the weekend (June 23 and 24)

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone who believes they may have seen an individual or group of people acting suspiciously around parked vehicles to get in touch.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a spate of criminal damage to parked vehicles in Potters Bar.

Sergeant Tom Prior said: "We have received 14 reports from residents whose vehicles have been scratched while parked in residential streets in the town.

"The offences have occurred between Monday, June 18 and Monday, June 25, with the majority of these crimes being carried out over the weekend (June 23 and June 24).

"Parked vehicles have been damaged in Aderdale Gardens, Heather Way, The Drive, Sherwood Avenue and Baker Street.

"This is mindless vandalism that leaves motorists facing an unnecessary bill to have their vehicle's paintwork repaired. Damage that takes just seconds to cause can leave someone having to shell out their hard earned money.

"I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen an individual or group of people acting suspiciously around parked vehicles between the times stated and particularly over the weekend to get in touch.

"If you believe that your vehicle has been damaged and you have not yet reported it to police, please do contact us."

Anyone with information can contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
