```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Residents in Royston Town and the rural areas that surround it, are being invited to submit their feedback via the community voice platform \u2018echo\u2019, to help the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities."
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2020
title: Have your say on how we police your town
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-how-we-police-your-town-0684g
```

* ## Have your say on what the police focus on in Royston.

 * ## Your local officers are about to set their new priorities for Royston Rural and Royston Town.

 * ## Submit your feedback using our echo feedback platform.

Residents in Royston Town and the rural areas that surround it, are being invited to submit their feedback via the community voice platform 'echo', to help the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) set their next round of policing priorities.

"Due to the pandemic and social distancing measures, we've had to postpone many of our normal community priority setting events, but we are still here and listening, and we want your input," said Neighbourhood Sergeant Jon Vine.

"The SNT are responsible for dealing with short and long term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour, criminal damage, speeding and drug related crime. And we work hard with our local partners, including North Herts Council, to ensure that Royston and the surrounding areas are safe places to live and work.

"We would like as many local residents to be involved in this priority setting process as possible" continued Sergeant Vine. "We want to make sure that we have a very clear understanding of all of the issues which impact on and affect our local communities.

"Let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area - as well as helping us to shape our policing priorities for the next quarter, your feedback will also be used to help us plan future campaigns and initiatives."

You can submit your feedback by using our 'echo' feedback platform. Go to bit.ly/police-royston or bit.ly/police-roystonrural. This is an anonymous platform but all feedback will be reviewed and the more we receive the more we can understand what matters most to our community, where services are working well for you or where we need to improve.

If you need any further information please contact the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team via email or by calling 101.
