```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two people have been charged with conspiracy to murder in connection with the disappearance of William \u2018Bill\u2019 Taylor from Gosmore in North Herts."
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2018
title: Missing William Taylor - two people charged
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/missing-william-taylor-two-people-charged
```

* ### Two people have been charged in connection with the disappearance of North Herts farmer William 'Bill' Taylor

 * ### Angela Taylor, aged 32, of Charlton Road, Hitchin, and Paul Cannon, aged 53, of Pirton Road, Hitchin, have been charged with conspiracy to murder

 * ### They are due to appear before Hatfield Remand Court tomorrow morning (December 1)

Two people have been charged with conspiracy to murder in connection with the disappearance of William 'Bill' Taylor from Gosmore in North Herts.

They are:

 * Angela Taylor, aged 52, of Charlton Road, Hitchin
 * Paul Cannon, aged 53, of Pirton Road, Hitchin

They remain in police custody at this time and are due to appear at Hatfield Remand Court tomorrow (Saturday).

An 18 year old man and a 23 year old man, both from Hitchin, who were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder have been released on police bail, while enquiries continue.

All four were arrested by officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit yesterday (November 29).

Farmer William Taylor was last seen at his home in Gosmore on Sunday, June 3 at around 9pm -shortly before his 70th birthday. He was reported missing to police the following day (Monday, June 4).

Since then extensive enquiries and searches have been carried out in the effort to locate him before information led officers to launch a murder investigation.

William's body has not yet been found and enquiries are on-going.

Anyone with information that could assist police is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101. You can also submit information here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/824
