```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft from a car in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2019
title: Appeal following a theft from a car in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-theft-from-a-car-in-stevenage-1120
```

* ### 12 footballs, a junior football team's kit, tools and a sat nav were stolen after a car was broken into in Stevenage.

 * ### The incident took place on Randalls Hill overnight on Saturday (30 November) into Sunday (1 December).

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/108196/19 if you witnessed anything or have information.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft from a car in Stevenage.

Overnight on Saturday (30 November) into Sunday (1 December), offender(s) gained entry to a Vauxhall Corsa that was parked on Randalls Hill.

A bag of 12 footballs, eight junior blue and white striped football kits, tools and a sat nav were stolen.

PC Philip Watts, of the Investigation Management Unit, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious on Randalls Hill on Saturday night into Sunday morning to get in touch.

"Additionally I'd like the public to be aware of the stolen distinctive junior blue and white striped football kits. If you believe you have seen these please contact us."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/108196/19.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
