```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has a new Chief Inspector in post who is keen to draw on his vast experience of neighbourhood policing.
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2019
title: Meet your new Chief Inspector for Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/meet-your-new-chief-inspector-for-welwyn-hatfield-0372
```

* ### Chief Inspector Simon Mason is keen to draw on his vast experience of neighbourhood policing

 * ### Prior to joining Welwyn Hatfield, CI Mason served as Watford's Safer Neighbourhood Inspector

 * ### CI Mason wants to remind the public that they too can help the police keep Welwyn Hatfield safe by reporting any suspicous activity

The Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has a new Chief Inspector in post who is keen to draw on his vast experience of neighbourhood policing.

CI Simon Mason began the role on Monday (June 10) replacing CI Tannis Perks who has moved to the Constabulary's Professional Standards Department.

CI Mason joined Hertfordshire Constabulary in January 2000, beginning his policing service based at Hemel Hempstead. He spent a decade there and in 2010, he received the Frank Mason Memorial Award. PC Frank Mason was tragically killed off-duty in 1988 as he intervened in an armed robbery. The award, in his honour, is presented to an officer who displays his qualities of dedication, professionalism and selflessness in protecting the community.

In 2010, CI Mason moved to Watford, working as part of the Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT). Before his promotion to Chief Inspector, he spent two years as Watford's SNT Inspector. During his time at Watford, CI Mason was awarded SNT Officer of the Year at the Chief Constable's awards ceremony.

He said: "I've spent my service predominantly working in neighbourhood policing roles which I have really enjoyed. I believe in the importance and value of the police being visible in the community and listening to the issues that affect residents so that we can help solve them."

This week, officers across the Welwyn Hatfield CSP, including the SNT and Intervention (who respond to 999 calls) have been working with CI Mason to highlight the issues they feel need tackling across the borough.

CI Mason said: "I'm looking forward to working on the challenges that Welwyn Hatfield faces. I want to use the problem-solving approach that I've acquired during my time in neighbourhood policing to help improve the lives of those who live and work in the borough. Working with our partners is particularly important and I would also like to remind residents that you too can help us.

"Please never hesitate to get in touch and report suspicious activity. As the public, you are our eyes and ears and with your help, we can make sure that Welwyn Hatfield is a safe place to live and work.

"Welwyn Hatfield is a great place to be, with two busy towns, many rural villages and of course, a large university attracting people from across the world. I'm looking forward to getting to know the community better and working hard with our partner agencies to make the borough an even better place to live and work."

_If you would like to receive emails about crime in Welwyn Hatfield or your local area, sign up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL)www.owl.co.uk. _
