```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2018
title: Did you witness burglary in Rickmansworth?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-burglary-in-Rickmansworth-1716C
```

* ### The burglary occurred at Best One in Uxbridge Road.

 * ### The offenders fled empty-handed after an alarm sounded.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Rickmansworth.

The incident occurred at Best One Shop in Uxbridge Road, between 12.50am and 1am on Wednesday, February 28.

The shop's front shutter was lifted out of its runners before glass in the main door was broken to gain access. Three men entered the shop and began to fill a bag with items before the alarm sounded. The three offenders then left the shop empty-handed and got into a dark-coloured vehicle being driven by a fourth man.

Detective Constable Paul Burton, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "I appreciate the incident occurred in the early hours but people in the area may have been disturbed by the sound of the alarm and subsequently witnessed what happened.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen a suspicious dark vehicle in the area around the times stated. If you have any information, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Burton via email or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/18/595. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
