```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating an alleged assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are trying to trace three people who may have witnessed the incident."
publish:
  date: 8 Jul 2019
title: "Did you witness incident in Bishop\u2019s Stortford?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-bishops-stortford-0456a
```

* ### An off-duty police officer was allegedly assaulted.

 * ### Police are trying to trace three people who may have seen what happened.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Police investigating an alleged assault in Bishop's Stortford are trying to trace three people who may have witnessed the incident.

At around 5.20pm on June 2, an off duty police officer was allegedly assaulted in Warwick Road, at the junction with Crescent Road, after trying to intervene in suspicious activity involving two men, one of whom was in a vehicle.

She was left in pain but not injured.

A quantity of class A drugs was seized during the incident.

Detective Constable Ben Swapp from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Case Investigation Team said: "We have been carrying out several enquiries since the incident occurred and are now trying to trace three people who may have further information which could assist us.

"It is believed that a mini cab driver and a couple walking past were spoken to by the victim. If this was you, please contact us.

"It is possible the incident may have also been witnessed by other members of the public passing by. If you did see anything, or may have captured dash cam footage, please get in touch."

Anyone with information should contact DC Swapp via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/49914/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 19-year-old man from the town has been arrested on suspicion of assaulting an emergency worker and possession of a class A drug with intent to supply.
He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
