```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The family of a 68-year-old man, who sadly died following a collision in Hitchin, has paid tribute to their \u201Cmuch-loved father, grand-father and step-grandfather\u201D."
publish:
  date: 10 Oct 2019
title: Tribute to Jim Parsons
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-jim-parsons-0880
```

The family of a 68-year-old man, who sadly died following a collision in Hitchin, has paid tribute to their "much-loved father, grand-father and step-grandfather".

Jim Parsons, who was from Letchworth, was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge following the collision on Arlesey Road, Ickleford, on Thursday 19 September. Sadly, he passed away the next day.

He was a keen cyclist, and had been a member of the North Road Cycling Club for over 50 years. He was also passionate about acrylic painting, steam trains and classic cars.

Jim's family said: "Dad was full of enthusiasm for a new life with his fiancee after coming to terms with the devastating death of his late wife two years ago.

"He was living his life to the full and enjoying retirement, and it's heart-breaking that he was taken from us in such a tragic way and when his life was so full of promise."

The family are continuing to receive support from specially trained officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit and have asked that their privacy is respected at this time.

 * Liam Dellaway, aged 25 of Edenbridge, Kent, was yesterday (October 9) charged with eight offences - causing death bydangerous driving, causing death whilst disqualified from driving, causing death whilst driving uninsured, fail to stop, fail to report, two counts of bilking and a separate count of dangerous driving. He has been remanded into custody, and is due to appear at Hatfield Magistrates Court today (Thursday 10 October).
