```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Six members of a drug supply ring have been sentenced to more than 60 years in prison.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2019
title: Drug ring dealers jailed after covert investigation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-ring-dealers-jailed-after-covert-investigation-0187
```

* ### Six men jailed for supplying cocaine across London, the South East and Watford.

 * ### They were sentenced to serve more than 60 years in total.

 * ### They were found guilty of trafficking more than 150 kilos of cocaine and £400,000 cash was seized.s

Six members of a drug supply ring have been sentenced to more than 60 years in prison.

The men were part of an organised crime group that imported and supplied cocaine across London, the South East and Watford. They were arrested following a lengthy investigation by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Covert Investigations Unit.

The men appeared at St Albans Crown Court on May 8 and received the following sentences:

 * Edmund Imeraj, aged 38, of Knyllys Road, London, conspiracy to supply class A drugs (Cocaine). Possession of Fraudulent ID document with intent - 16 years and 6 months
 * Afrim Imeraj, aged 36, of no fixed address - conspiracy to supply class A drugs - 13 years and 6 months
 * Erion Mehmetaj, aged 23, of Manor Way, London - conspiracy to supply class A drugs - 10 years 9 month.
 * Vladimir Imeraj, aged 38, of Edingley Avenue, in Mansfield - concerned in supply of class A drugs - 8 years 1 month.
 * Mateos Jubani, aged 24 of Archabold Close, Enfield - conspiracy to supply class A drugs (cocaine), possession with intent to supply, being concerned in money laundering arrangement - 7 years and 6 months.
 * Ylber Xhameta, aged 47 of no fixed address in Rugby - conspiracy to supply class A drugs - ** ** 8 years 8 months.

The men were arrested following events on the 23 March 2017 and were convicted of importing and supplying cocaine. It is believed, across 17 trips, more than 150 kilos were imported into the UK. Over £400,000 in cash was also seized.

Detective Inspector James Luxon, of the Covert Investigations Unit said: "Following months of excellent work on this investigation by my officers, we were able to compile enough evidence to secure these convictions against some very prolific criminals. This case has made a significant impact on the supply of drugs in Hertfordshire.

"As part of this work, we depend on information from members of the community to help us crack down on drug-related crime. Any information you can provide, no matter how small it may seem, could help us to identify and apprehend drug dealers."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress, always dial 999. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form. Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you or someone you know has a drugs problem they can get help by contacting FRANK on 0800 77 66 00 or visit

Erion Mehmetaj

Mateos Jubani

Vladimir Imeraj
