```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Five homes under renovation were targeted by burglars in St Albans over a fortnight. Tools have been taken from properties in Marshalswick, Fleetville, Clarence and The Camp.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: Homes under renovation being targeted by burglars in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/homes-under-renovation-being-targeted-by-burglars-in-st-albans-1273f
```

* ## Homes under renovation were targeted by burglars in St Albans over a fortnight.

 * ## Consider installing CCTV or doorbell cameras, leave timer lights on and ask neighbours to keep an eye on your property if you are not living there.

 * ## Call 999 if you suspect a crime is in progress.

Five homes under renovation were targeted by burglars in St Albans over a fortnight. Tools have been taken from properties in Marshalswick, Fleetville, Clarence and The Camp.

"If you are having building work done on your home, consider installing CCTV or doorbell cameras and leave timer lights on," said St Albans Detective Inspector Ady Lysak. "I'd also encourage you to ask your neighbours to be aware of these burglaries. Always call 999 if you see people or vans out of place or acting suspiciously. We would rather be called to a false alarm with good intention than miss the opportunity to catch a burglar in the act."

He said: "Where possible, try and make sure scaffolding is not accessible and encourage builders to take their tools off the premises. Make sure you keep your valuables, including cash and jewellery, out of sight and preferably not in your home if you are not living there during building work."

Between 4pm on Friday 26 February and 8.30am on Saturday 27 February, items were stolen from a property in Brampton Road.

Between 9pm on Thursday 25 February and 7.30am on Friday 26 February, tools including a Hitachi angle grinder, Dewalt chop saw stand and copper piping were stolen from an address in Clarence Road.

Between 4.45pm on 25 February and 7.50am on 26 February, drills, computers and jewellery were stolen from an address in Salisbury Avenue.

Between 4.30pm on Wednesday February 17 and 8am on Thursday 18 February, Makita and Bosch electrical tools were stolen from an address in The Park.

Between 7.30pm on 17 February and 7.30am on 18 February, building tools and copper piping were stolen were stolen from an address in Charmouth Road.

He added: "Please also let us know if you have been offered building tools for sale."

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/12775/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
