```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Borehamwood.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following an attempted robbery - Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-an-attempted-robbery-Borehamwood-1088J
```

* ### Man in his 20s approached and threatened by another man who demanded his gold chain

 * ### It happened on Theobald Street, Borehamwood, at 7pm on Sunday, October 22

 * ### Victim was left shaken but not injured - can you assist the police in their investigation?

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Borehamwood.

It happened in Theobald Street, at the junction with Gateshead Road, at around 7pm on Sunday, October 22.

The victim, a man in his 20s, was walking on the pavement when he was approached by another man.

He demanded the victim hand over a gold chain he was wearing around his neck. When the victim refused, the offender began verbally threatening him.

The victim then attempted to flag down vehicles in order to get help and the offender made off.

He is described as mixed race, aged around 20 years old, between 5ft 7ins and 6ft tall with short, afro-style black hair. He was wearing a dark-coloured puffer jacket and lighter-coloured jeans.

PC Andy Paveley, from the Borehamwood Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a frightening ordeal for the victim who thankfully was not injured, though he was left understandably shaken.

"I am appealing to anyone who was driving along Theobald Street between 7pm and 7.30pm on the date stated and remembers seeing a white man attempting to stop vehicles in the road.

"Did you see a man matching the offender's description leaving the area? Any information you have, however insignificant, could prove vital."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J1/17/4495 or report information online

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
