```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Motorcycle riders in Hemel Hempstead are being urged to remain vigilant and review the security of their vehicles, following an increase of theft in the area.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2019
title: Motorists advised after series of motorcycle thefts in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motorists-advised-after-series-of-motorcycle-thefts-in-dacorum-0875d
```

* ### Motorcycle riders in Dacorum are being advised to remain vigilant and review the security of their vehicles.

 * ### There has been an increase of theft in the area, specifically in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### If you have any information regarding the theft of motorcycles in Hemel Hempstead please get in touch.

Motorcycle riders in Hemel Hempstead are being urged to remain vigilant and review the security of their vehicles, following an increase of theft in the area.

Since Sunday 22 September, five offences have been reported to police, with vehicles targeted in the following locations:

 * Northridge Way (between 4pm on 22 September and 7am on 23 September)

 * Jocketts Hill (between 6pm on 22 September and 5.10am on 23 September)

 * Kingsland Road (between 9.30am and 10.30am on 23 September)

 * Long Chaulden (between 8pm and 8.30pm on 25 September)

 * Leighton Buzzard Road (between 11.30pm on 25 September and 12.05am on 26 September)

PCSO Daniel McManus, from the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are asking the public to be aware and remain vigilant, as we have had multiple reports of stolen motorcycles across Hemel Hempstead this month.

"Please remain cautious as thefts are happening both day and night - it is worth taking extra measures to help deter opportunist thieves. Make sure that you properly secure your vehicle, preferably using at least two security devices, for example a chain and disc lock or a chain and handle bar lock.

"Always leave your motorcycle in a secure garage where possible. If you leave it on your street, or in your drive, invest in a cover for it. You may wish to consider installing CCTV cameras, as they will help to deter thieves.

"We would ask anyone who lives in the streets that have been affected, to please review their footage if they have CCTV cameras installed outside their home. If you notice anything suspicious, please send the footage to us."

If you have any information regarding the theft of motorcycles in Hemel Hempstead, you can send it directly to PCSO McManus via email.

Alternatively, you can report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
