```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police officers from Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team and North Herts\u2019 Operation Scorpion executed a search warrant at an address in Letchworth today (Friday, May 11)."
publish:
  date: 11 May 2018
title: Police arrest one man and seize large quantities of cash and Class B drugs
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-arrest-one-man-and-seize-large-quantities-of-cash-and-Class-B-drugs-0197
```

* A man has been been arrested
 * £1200 and a large quantity of Class B drugs has been seized.
 * Police will not tolerate the use and supply of drugs in the town

Police officers from Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team and North Herts' Operation Scorpion executed a search warrant at an address in Letchworth today (Friday, May 11).

Officers entered the property in Rosemont Close, off Ickneild Way, at approximately 8am. After searching the premises they discovered what is believed to be a large quantity of cannabis and £1200 in cash.

A 39-year-old man from Wood Green in London was also arrested at the address on suspicion of possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply. He currently remains in police custody for questioning.

PC Caroline Fathers from Letchworth Safer Neighbourhood Team is leading on this investigation. She said: "The supply and use of drugs can blight communities and families and we will not tolerate it in Letchworth.

"We are doing everything we can to drive drug related crime out of the local area and the public can assist us by always reporting any behaviour that seems to be suspicious to police as soon as possible. Any information you provide, no matter how small, might be the missing piece of the jigsaw we need to apprehend an offender."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 in an emergency. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
