```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an assault in South Oxhey are re-appealing for information a year on from the incident.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2019
title: Re-appeal following assault in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/re-appeal-following-assault-in-south-oxhey-1192c
```

* ## Police are re-appealing for information a year on from the incident.

 * ## Officers have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquires.

 * ## The victim is still struggling to come to terms with what happened to him.

Police investigating an assault in South Oxhey are re-appealing for information a year on from the incident.

We are also re-releasing an image of a man we would like to identify and speak to in connection with the case.

Just before 3pm on Friday 21 December, 2018 a motorist - a man aged in his 50s - was turning right onto Prestwick Road, from Fairfield Avenue, when a male walked out into the road causing him to brake sharply. The offender then hit the side of the victim's car as he drove away.

The victim, who was driving a blue Ford car, then stopped at the nearby Tesco Express Esso petrol station. As he opened his door the offender ran up to the car and punched the victim repeatedly.

PC Matt Perrin, who is investigating, said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack which left the victim with severe swelling and bruising to his face. He is still shaken to this day and struggling to come to terms with what happened to him."

Despite extensive enquiries, we have so far been unable to trace the suspect and we are now re-appealing to the public for their help. Someone knows who is responsible for what happened.

"We'd still like to speak to the male pictured, as we believe he may have been in the area at the time of the incident and may have information that can assist us. If you saw what happened, or have any information at all, please get in touch."

Anyone who recognises the person pictured, or has information is asked to email PC Matt Perrin.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/68178/18.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
