```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire residents have been thanked for acting responsibly as the new national lockdown begins.
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2020
title: Thank you to Hertfordshire residents
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thank-you-to-hertfordshire-residents-0839
```

* ### Hertfordshire residents have been thanked for acting responsibly as the new national lockdown begins

###

 * ### Residents are reminded to follow the rules, protect our NHS and save lives

 * ### Officers will continue to engage with people proportionately, fairly and with a common-sense approach

Hertfordshire residents have been thanked for acting responsibly as the new national lockdown begins.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls said: "We had extra police patrols out across the county last night, Wednesday 4 November, and there were no major incidents to report.

"I am thankful to everyone for doing the right thing as the new restrictions come into effect and trust that Hertfordshire residents will continue to play their part, as the vast majority of people have done throughout the pandemic."

Under the government rules, people have been told to stay at home and non-essential shops, pubs and gyms ordered to close. Households are banned from mixing indoors or in private gardens, unless in a support bubble.

"The rules are in place for everyone's safety and our officers will continue to engage with people proportionately, fairly and with a common-sense approach to support the new regulations.

"Of course, not following the measures put in place to limit the spread of coronavirus is unacceptable and anyone who knowingly or deliberately breaks the rules, should expect to receive a fine."

He added: "In the coming days, as people mark Bonfire Night and Remembrance Sunday I thank them in advance for doing so responsibly.

"Sadly, in Hertsmere, a small number of people decided to ignore the lockdown rules and visit King George Recreation Ground in Bushey to let off fireworks in the early hours of this morning.

"Thanks to vigilant residents, police were called and officers attended locating seven people aged 19 to 22 in the park. They were all each issued with £200 fixed penalty notices. Their fireworks, worth around £500, were also confiscated and will be destroyed."

"Please follow the rules, protect our NHS and save lives."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
