```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an attempted robbery in Royston are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-royston-0342g
```

* ### On Saturday, June 8, a man a approached a woman in an alleyway in Royston and asked her to hand over her phone and money.

 * ### When she refused, he cycled off toward Tesco.

 * ### Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/51645/19.

Officers investigating an attempted robbery in Royston are appealing for anyone with information to get in contact.

Sometime between 4.15pm and 4.45pm on Saturday, June 8, a woman was walking in an alleyway that connects Houseman Avenue to a field, when she was approached by a man who was sitting on a black sprayed BMX bike.

The offender asked the woman to hand over her phone and money but she refused, after which he rode off in the field in the direction of Tesco.

He is described as white, aged around 13 to 15, of slim build, around 5ft 7in tall and had a London accent. He was wearing dark jogging bottoms, a dark hoodie with the hood up and a snood with a skeleton jaw on it.

Anyone with information can contact Detective Constable Simon Goodship by emailing, report information online _, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launchedhere_ _or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting_ 41/51645/19 _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form
