```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious assault in Welwyn Garden City town centre yesterday (Sunday, 12 July).
publish:
  date: 14 Jul 2020
title: Appeal following assault in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-0345B
```

* ### Did you witness assault in Welwyn Garden City on Sunday afternoon?

 * ### Detectives appeal for information after man seriously injured

 * ### Call 101 with information

Detectives are appealing for information and witnesses following a serious assault in Welwyn Garden City town centre yesterday (Sunday, 12 July).

It is believed that at around 2pm three young men were involved in an altercation near to Costa Coffee on Fretherne Road. The victim and his friend then ran away towards the train station followed by the offender. A second altercation then took place on the overbridge near to Hydeway where the victim was stabbed in the abdomen. The offender made off on a bike towards Broadwater Road. Officers conducted a thorough search of the area but he remains outstanding at this time.

The victim, who is aged 17, remains in hospital in a stable condition.

The offender is described as a white male, aged around 17 years old, of skinny build, wearing a dark camouflage hoody and jogging bottoms. He was riding a white coloured mountain bike.

Detective Sergeant Chris Jones, from the Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "I understand this news will be worrying to residents and I want to reassure you that we are doing all we can to trace the offender. The altercation happened in the centre of town and I would hope there were people who saw the initial altercation, or indeed the assault itself. You may have seen the man described cycling away from Hydeway. If you saw what happened or have any information about the incident, please get in touch.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at christopher.jones@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/54621/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
