```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 220 vehicles were stopped as police and partner organisations came together for an operation in Buntingford, aimed at disrupting and identifying criminals using the road network.
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2019
title: Multi-agency operation in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/multi-agency-operation-in-buntingford-0398a
```

* ### More than 220 vehicles were stopped.

 * ### Representatives from local partner agencies attended.

 * ### Several drivers were dealt with for various infringements and offences.

More than 220 vehicles were stopped as police and partner organisations came together for an operation in Buntingford, aimed at disrupting and identifying criminals using the road network.

The latest Op Acura event was held on Tuesday, June 11, with representatives from the Constabulary, East Herts Council (EHC), Trading Standards, Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) and HMRC's fuel testing unit in attendance.

A total of 222 vehicles were stopped, resulting in:

 * One person being found operating without a waste carrier's licence and failing to keep records of waste transfer and disposal. This will be taken forward by EHC and the DVSA.
 * The DVSA issuing six immediate mechanical prohibitions, which prevent vehicles from being driven until defects are fixed.
 * Three drivers being dealt with for infringing regulations around driver hours, one of whom was issued with fixed penalty fines totalling £900.
 * 62 vehicles having their tanks dipped to detect illegal fuel and seven being formally tested.
 * One person being given a warning for possession of cannabis.
 * Three stop searches being carried out (nothing found).

A number of Traffic Offence Reports (TORs*) were also issued by police for offences including expired MOTs, driving with defective tyres and document matters, as well as defect notices for 'Construction and Use' matters.

Sergeant Duncan Wallace, who oversaw the operation, said: "We regularly work with partner organisations to run Op Acura at locations across East Herts, to proactively gather intelligence about who is travelling through the area and to detect and disrupt criminality. In addition, it allows us to remove potentially dangerous vehicles and drivers from our road network, whilst proactively checking the status of waste materials being transported through the district.

"While the majority of the people we stop are fully law abiding, we do come across those who are committing traffic or higher level criminal offences. I would like to thank those law abiding drivers who were stopped and spoken to, for their continued support."
