```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted burglary at a Simmons bakery in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2019
title: Appeal following attempted burglary at Simmons, Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-burglary-at-Simmons-Hatfield-2549
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted burglary at a Simmons bakery in Hatfield.

Between 12.37am and 12.40am on Thursday, February 7, two offenders attempted to gain access to the bakery in The Parade, St Albans Road East.

The offenders, both males, were riding on a motorbike and attempted to gain access by kicking the glass door and using a tool to try and smash it.

They were disturbed by staff before making off.

The driver of the motorbike is described as wearing a white full face crash helmet, a dark jacket and light coloured trousers/jeans.

The pillion passenger is described as approximately 5ft 8in tall, wearing a full face black crash helmet, black trousers and white trainers/shoes. He was also wearing a black jacket described as being of a shiny material or possibly leather.

The motorbike appears to be a trials/scrambler bike that is red at the front.

Detective Sergeant Christopher Ross, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "I am appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time and might have seen what happened, or saw suspicious activity, to get in touch.

"In particular, I am keen to speak to a member of the public who we believe was cycling past at the time. If this was you, please don't hesitate to get in touch as you could have useful information that will help us.

"If you can help, please get in touch on 101 or through email at _christopher.ross@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/12475/19."

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
