```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery at a shop in Pirton, North Herts.
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2021
title: "Attempted robbery in Pirton \u2013 North Herts"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Attempted-robbery-in-pirton-north-herts-1286
```

* ### Detectives appeal for witnesses following attempted robbery in village

 * ### Male entered shop at shortly after 7am and threatened a member of staff

 * ### He then made off in a car, with nothing taken

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted robbery at a shop in Pirton, North Herts.

Shortly after 7am today (Saturday 6 March), a man entered the village store and Post Office on the High Street. He threatened the member of staff and demanded cash. He was holding a knife.

The female member of staff has run from the store and the offender has followed her out but got into a vehicle nearby and then driven off. It is believed nothing was taken during the incident.

The man is described as in his early 20s, slim build and about 5ft 11in tall. He was wearing a black Nike jacket and camouflage trousers. He was also wearing gloves.

Detective Sergeant Anna Luxon, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The incident understandably left the member of staff shaken, but fortunately unhurt. We would like to speak to anyone who was in the area this morning and who believes they may have seen or heard something.

"Did you see any unusual activity in the village this morning? Or did you see a man of this description or a car leaving the area maybe at speed?"

You can email DS Luxon at anna.luxon@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference ISR 92 of 6 March.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
