```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 20-year-old man who was riding an off road motorcycle with no licence, helmet, L-plates, insurance or MOT in public has had his bike seized by police in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2018
title: Motorcyclist driving dangerously caught in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Motorcyclist-driving-dangerously-caught-in-StAlbans-0124F
```

* ### A 20 year old man's motorcycle has been seized and he's been reported for traffic offences.

 * ### He was riding without a licence, helmet, L-plates, insurance or an MOT.

 * ### The public are urged to continue to report dangerous motorcycle riders to police.

A 20-year-old man who was riding an off road motorcycle with no licence, helmet, L-plates, insurance or MOT in public has had his bike seized by police in St Albans.

The Operation Scorpion team were passing through Highfield Park when they spotted the man riding dangerously in Highfield Lane at 6pm on Tuesday (April 24).

He was reported for the traffic offences and will be summonsed directly to court.

London Colney, St Stephens and St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Williams said: "He was quickly dealt with as he was a danger to pedestrians. Not only did he have no insurance or MOT but he wasn't wearing a helmet.

"I hope other riders realise that they cannot ride motorised vehicles in public in an anti-social manner and I'd like to ask parents to think twice about buying these vehicles, which need to be taxed and insured. They can only be ridden on private land with permission from the land owner or in designated areas."

He added: "We will continue to pursue these riders and seize their bikes. Please continue to report any dangerous motorcycle riders to us."

Anyone with any information is asked to contact police via 101 or report information online.
