```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Much Hadham man has been sentenced in connection with an incident where several sheep were attacked and killed by two dogs.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2019
title: Man sentenced in connection with dangerous dogs offence
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-in-connection-with-dangerous-dogs-offence-2368a
```

* ### A number of sheep were killed by two dogs.

 * ### The incident occurred in Much Hadham last year.

 * ### The owner has been banned from owning or being in control of a dog for three years.

A Much Hadham man has been sentenced in connection with an incident where several sheep were attacked and killed by two dogs.

John Coughlan, aged 55, from Widford Road, appeared at North and East Herts Magistrate's Court on Thursday (January 10) having been charged with two counts of dogs being dangerously out of control and two counts of being the owner of dogs worrying livestock.

The charges relate to an incident which occurred in Much Hadham during the early morning of March 18, 2018, where the two dogs had escaped from a property.

Coughlan was given a 12 month community order and instructed to complete 80 hours unpaid work. He was also ordered to pay £985 in fines and costs, as well as paying compensation to two victims.

Additionally, he was given a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) which bans him from being in custody or control of any dog for three years. If breached, he could face a custodial sentence.

Coughlan was convicted of similar offences back in 2016.

Sergeant Duncan Wallace said: "Sheep worrying and offences involving the control of dogs have a significant financial and emotional impact on farmers and the wider rural community as a whole. I hope this case proves that we take all aspects of rural crime very seriously and will seek to bring perpetrators to justice."

** **
