```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary would like to wish all residents in the county a merry, crime-free Christmas.
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2020
title: Have yourself a merry crime-free Christmas
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-yourself-a-merry-crime-free-christmas-964
```

* ### Slight rise in burglaries reported in run up to Christmas

 * ### Residents advised to follow crime prevention advice

 * ### Visit our crime prevention pages for home security advice

Hertfordshire Constabulary would like to wish all residents in the county a merry, crime-free Christmas.

During December police are reminding residents not to present an opportunity to thieves and keep their homes and valuables secure by following some simple crime prevention tips.

At this time of year there is often an increase in burglaries and in the last two weeks reports have risen in Welwyn Hatfield (+24) and Broxbourne (+12).

Inspector Nicki Dean, from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction Unit, said: "At this time of year everyone is busy buying gifts and preparing for Christmas and with the pandemic many are stockpiling gifts early.

"Father Christmas isn't the only one trying to get into homes at this time of year, so don't be complacent. Criminals know that homes, sheds and cars are full of gifts and they will be on the lookout for opportunities to steal them. Leaving gifts in outbuildings or in cars makes them more accessible to thieves. If you leave anything valuable on view either at home or in the car, you may be presenting a thief with an opportunity."

 * Make sure you keep all your gifts in a secure place - don't leave them in the shed or garage, or on view near windows or doors.
 * Lock up when you leave - make sure all windows and doors are securely locked when you leave the house or go up to bed.
 * Security marking and registering your children's Christmas gifts will help to keep them safe and make them easier to return if they are lost or stolen.
 * When out shopping push your purse to the bottom of your bag and zip it securely, wallets should not be carried in back pockets.
 * Consider installing a door bell camera, internal camera and/or monitored burglar alarm.
 * Install 'dusk to dawn' external lighting and use timer switches in your home to control internal lights, radios and a simulated TV.
 * Keep keys and valuables secure and out of sight
 * Ensure boundary fences are secure with side gates locked. Keep tools and ladders in a locked shed
 * Secure bins at night and put garden furniture away for the winter as these can be used by burglars as climbing aids to gain access to upper floor windows
 * Ensure your vehicle is locked and remove all valuables as burglars often check to see if doors are left unlocked
 * Join Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch for alerts and advice: owl.co.uk

For more crime prevention advice visit: www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome and www.hertscitizensacademy.org **.**

You can report suspicious activity in your area or information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
