```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 19 year old man has been sentenced to 18 months in a young offenders\u2019 institute after pleading guilty to robbery during an incident in Hoddesdon last year."
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Man sentenced following robbery in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-following-robbery-in-hoddesdon-798k
```

* ### A teenager has been sentenced to 18 months in a young offenders' institute following a robbery in Hoddesdon.

 * ### The incident took place on Tuesday 22 October in Rye Park.

 * ### Connor Dunne, aged 19, of The Drakes, Shoeburyness had pleaded guilty to robbery.

A 19 year old man has been sentenced to 18 months in a young offenders' institute after pleading guilty to robbery during an incident in Hoddesdon last year.

On the morning of Tuesday 22 October 2019, an altercation took place in Rye Park during which the victim, then aged 16, was left with life-threatening injuries after being stabbed multiple times, including wounds to his neck and chest.

He was taken to hospital by air ambulance and received life-saving treatment.

At St Albans Crown Court on Thursday 24 September two men were jailed for their part in the incident.

Braydon Hall, aged 20, formerly of Kennedy Avenue, Hoddesdon, was sentenced to 11 years after he pleaded guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18) and possession of an offensive weapon.

Jake Grainger, aged 18, of High Avenue, Letchworth Garden City, was sentenced to six and a half years after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm (Section 18).

Yesterday (Thursday 22 October), also at St Albans Crown Court, Connor Dunne, aged 19, of The Drakes, Shoeburyness, Essex, was sentenced having already pleaded guilty to robbery as part of the incident. The court accepted that he had no knowledge the attack would happen and that he played no part in it.

Indefinite restraining orders preventing the three men from contacting the victim were also imposed.

Dunne was sentenced to a total of 30 months in a young offenders' institute. As well as the 18 months for robbery, he was handed a further 12 months for admitting to an unrelated house burglary in Essex.
