```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: No-one in Hertfordshire should feel that suicide is their only option
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2020
title: World Suicide Prevention Day 2020
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/world-suicide-prevention-day-2020-100920
```

**No-one in Hertfordshire should feel that suicide is their only option**

**Hertfordshire 's Suicide Prevention Network ****has been working with a range of people to share their lived experiences of suicide, in a bid to raise awareness this World Suicide Prevention Day (10 September).**

Hertfordshire residents share their stories of suicide and suicide bereavement through art, poetry and videos.

Helen, who lost her partner to suicide, explains the impact this has had and how she is now working to help others. Michelle shares her inspirational recovery journey from feeling suicidal to now having a family and a new passion for life. To see their stories and the other people they have worked with visit.

Hertfordshire County Council's Cabinet Member for Public Health and Prevention, Cllr Tim Hutchings, said: "World Suicide Prevention Day provides the opportunity for us to raise awareness on the importance of suicide prevention. This year our Suicide Prevention Network has worked with a range of inspirational people to share their experiences of suicide. By working together, we can raise awareness and reach our vision that no one in Hertfordshire should feel like suicide is their only option."

Suicide prevention remains a universal challenge. The death of someone by suicide often has a devastating effect on families, friends, colleagues, first responders, staff, the wider community and beyond. It has been estimated that around 135 people may be affected by each person dying by suicide.

Detective Inspector Jo Briggs said: "Our Mental Health and Policing Team are part of the Hertfordshire Suicide Prevention Network. We continue to work hard to give the best possible service to people in mental health crisis because no suicide is inevitable. These stories are extremely moving and we hope they give people the confidence to reach out for help."

Hertfordshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust (HFPT) has launched a **new free helpline: 0800 6444 101** for people in Hertfordshire who are experiencing a mental health crisis, looking for mental health help or just need to talk. Support is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Hertfordshire Partnership University NHS Foundation Trust (HPFT) Chief Executive Tom Cahill said: "Each and every death by suicide is devastating for the person and their loved ones. On World Suicide Prevention Day 2020 and every day, HPFT will continue working together with others, so that we keep learning and understanding more about how we can help prevent these tragic and unnecessary deaths."

Further details about the Suicide Prevention Network and support available is available here.

Herts residents experiencing a mental health crisis are also able to access a mental health professional directly by calling the NHS 111 service. Selecting Option 2 for mental health services will automatically direct Herts callers to the 24/7 HPFT helpline team.

_Download Stay Alive App. A pocket-sized suicide prevention resource full of national and local information to keep you safe._ bit.ly/StayAliveHerts
