```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: FIFA and food is on offer to young people in Hitchin thanks to a new initiative being organised by officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019
title: Football fun kicks off in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/football-fun-kicks-off-in-hitchin-0900g
```

* ### Local officers organise football tournament for young people in Hitchin.

 * ### League to run for six months.

 * ### Games to be held every other Thursday at the Westmill Community Centre.

FIFA and food is on offer to young people in Hitchin thanks to a new initiative being organised by officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

PCs Courtney Ferguson and Anthony Fletcher are hosting the Hitchin FIFA 20 Tournament which launches on Thursday 17 October, at the Westmill Community Centre at John Barker Place in Hitchin.

Kick-off is at 5pm and there will be _FA Respects_ gifts and freebies for the first 32 players to register. Food will be provided after the game courtesy of Waitrose.

The tournament will run every other week for six months, with a championship final to finish the season.

"We hope this will be an opportunity for us to engage with local kids and interact with them on an informal level," explained PC Courtney Ferguson. "It's also a chance for them to get together, let off some steam and have some fun at a free organised event."

"Unfortunately the first time we often get to meet many local youngsters is when we are on official police business," added PC Antony Fletcher. "I hope that through this tournament we will get to know lots of local kids in a fun and informal environment and hopefully build up a relationship with them whereby they can contact us if they are ever in need of help or advice."

Anyone who is interested in taking part should contact:

PC Courtney Ferguson on _Courtney.ferguson@herts.pnn.police.uk_

PC Anthony Fletcher on _Anthony.fletcher@herts.pnn.police.uk_
