```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A group of Volunteer Police Cadets are to be commended for their assistance during the Remembrance Sunday service in Hertford.
publish:
  date: 23 Nov 2017
title: Police cadets a credit to the Constabulary on Remembrance Sunday
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-cadets-a-credit-to-the-Constabulary-on-Remembrance-Sunday-1198A
```

* ### Volunteer Police Cadets from Hertford and Ware are being recommended for a good work minute.

 * ### They assisted as marshals at the event and took part in the parade.

 * ### Chief inspector says they were a credit to the Constabulary.

A group of Volunteer Police Cadets are to be commended for their assistance during the Remembrance Sunday service in Hertford.

Thirty cadets from the Hertford and Ware unit took part in the parade on Sunday, November 12.

Nine members of the group assisted the town council with the procession and marshalling, after attending a briefing alongside Chief Constable Charlie Hall and East Herts Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald.

The remaining 21 joined the parade alongside their group leader Detective Constable Rob Scott. They set off from St Andrews Street and made their way to Parliament Square to observe the two minutes' silence, before marching to the church where a service was held.

Chief Inspector McDonald said: "The cadets were an absolute credit to the Constabulary throughout the service. They gave up their time to assist with, and take part in, the parade and I was very proud of their efforts.

"As a result, I will be recommending them for a good work minute, one of the Constabulary's highest official recognition awards."

Group leader Rob Scott said: "It was a moving service and we were all very proud to have taken part."

**Volunteer Police Cadets** Police Cadets are young members of the community, aged 14 to 18, who are involved in a wide range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. The role of a cadet is extremely varied and members develop a wide range of skills while having fun and helping the local community. Groups also participate in many exciting activities such as white-water rafting, weekend holidays and summer camps, court visits and foot patrol at local events such as music festivals and carnivals. Groups are led by police officers, PCSOs and volunteers, and members gain an insight into a number of areas of policing.

Remembrance Sunday
