```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Residents and shoppers can have \u2018Coffee with a Cop\u2019 at Costa in Tesco on Mutton Lane."
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2019
title: Coffee with a Cop relaunched in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/coffee-with-a-cop-relaunched-in-potters-bar-0878j
```

* ### Residents and shoppers can have 'Coffee with a Cop' at Costa in Tesco on Mutton Lane.

 * ### The next one will be on Saturday October 19.

 * ### Officers will be issuing crime prevention advice on a range of topics, including burglaries.

Residents and shoppers can have 'Coffee with a Cop' at Costa in Tesco on Mutton Lane.

The Potters Bar Safer Neighbourhood Team have relaunched the neighbourhood surgeries so the public can drop in and discuss local crime or anti-social behaviour-related concerns without needing an appointment.

They will be at Costa from 11am to 1pm on the following Saturdays:

 * October 19
 * November 23
 * December 28.

Potters Bar Neighbourhood Sergeant Noel Buckley said: "We are really excited to be running the 'Coffee with a Cop' surgeries. We know it is more convenient for people to come and speak to us about any issues of concern or to pick up crime prevention advice when they are already out. We hope residents will come and join us in an informal environment."

He said: "We will also be issuing crime prevention advice on a range of topics, to help people keep themselves and their property safe, including burglaries which tend to increase at this time of year. The most important advice is to securely lock your windows and doors, consider investing in alarms, CCTV and doorbell cams and report any suspicious behaviour online or call 101."

Details of further events will be advertised.
