```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an incident in Borehamwood where a 16-year-old boy sustained stab wounds have arrested two people.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2020
title: Two arrests made following incident in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrests-made-following-incident-in-borehamwood-1311
```

* ### Two people have been arrested following an incident in Borehamwood.

 * ### A 16-year-old sustained stab wounds in Leeming Road on Sunday 19 January.

 * ### Officers are still appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Detectives investigating an incident in Borehamwood where a 16-year-old boy sustained stab wounds have arrested two people.

On Sunday 19 January at around 1.45pm, officers were called to Leeming Road to reports of an injured male.

Upon arrival, they found the victim with serious injuries. He was taken to hospital for treatment, where he remains at this time in a serious but stable condition.

Two people, a 16 year old boy and an 18 year old boy, have been arrested on suspicion of GBH. They have been released on bail with conditions while enquiries continue.

Detective Sergeant Chris Payne, of the Borehamwood Local Crime Unit, said: "This is a fast-moving investigation, and we hope the fact that arrests have been made will help to put the minds of concerned local residents at ease a little.

"This kind of behaviour will not be tolerated in Hertfordshire. We will we be carrying out additional patrols in the area to deter further anti-social behaviour and to provide a reassuring presence following reports of concern among the community.

"Our enquiries are ongoing at this stage, so I'd like to ask anyone who witnessed the incident, or anyone who believes they have any information they think could assist with the investigation, to get in contact with us as soon as possible. Any information, even something that may seem minor or insignificant, could be key to us solving the case."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DS Payne directly via email at Chris.Payne@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **Op Catalyse**. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.
