```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating criminal damage and attempted arson in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2020
title: "Appeal for information following criminal damage and attempted arson \u2013 Croxley Green"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-criminal-damage-and-attempted-arson-croxley-green-0904
```

* ### Police are appealing for information after a criminal damage and attempted arson in Croxley Green

 * ### The two incidents happened in Baldwins Lane on 16 and 21 of November

 * ### A BMW had its windscreen smashed and a van was covered in petrol

Detectives investigating criminal damage and attempted arson in Croxley Green are appealing for information and witnesses.

The criminal damage happened in Baldwins Lane on the evening of Monday 16 November, when a black car parked outside a property had its front windscreen smashed.

Between 5.45pm and 6pm on Saturday 21 November, petrol was poured over a van, also parked outside the same property on Baldwin's Lane.

An occupant of the property, a man, interrupted the offender - also a man - and attempted to detain him. The offender assaulted the victim before running down Winton Drive. There, he got into a dark-coloured vehicle which drove away at speed.

The victim suffered an injury to one of his fingers as a result of the incident.

The offender is described as white and aged between 30 and 40 years old. He was wearing a dark-coloured hooded jacket, blue jeans and white trainers.

Detective Constable Carly Fry, from the Three Rivers Local Crime Unit, said: "We are treating these incidents as linked and have made a number of enquiries since we were informed of these offences. The victims of these incidents have suffered a terrible ordeal, and they have since been safeguarded and supported by both police and partner agencies.

"Now we are appealing for anyone who believes they witnessed some or all of either incident to please come forward and talk to police as soon as possible.

"If you have a dash cam and were driving in the vicinity of Baldwins Lane or Winton Drive at the time of the second incident, then please review your footage and contact us if you believe you have captured something of note."

You can email DC Fry at carly.fry@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/92790/20 or**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-threerivers and tell us what you think.
