```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hitchin.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following attempted robbery in Hitchin
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-robbery-in-Hitchin-1456G
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hitchin.

 * ### The incident happened at 7.40pm on Saturday, January 6 on Bearton Road.

 * ### Anyone with information should contact police on non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/61.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following an attempted robbery in Hitchin.

The incident happened at 7.40pm on Saturday, January 6. During this time, the victim - a 14 year old boy, was walking along Bearton Road (in the direction of Periwinkle Lane) when he was approached by a young male who threatened him with a tool and made demands for money.

A member of the public then intervened, allowing the victim time to get away.

The suspect is described as a white male, aged 15 to 17 years old, of a slim build, and wearing a black hooded puffa jacket and dark bottoms.

Detective Constable Georgie Peggie, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was not injured during the incident but he was understandably unsettled by what happened.

"I am appealing for anybody who might have witnessed the incident get in touch with me. Similarly, I would like to appeal to the member of public who intervened to contact me. You may have vital information which could assist with the investigation."

Anyone with information should contact the Local Crime Unit at Hitchin Police Station on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/18/61. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity CrimeStoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
