```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Welwyn has been jailed for 4 and a half years for a number of sexual offences.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2019
title: Welwyn man jailed for sexual assaults and other offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-man-jailed-for-sexual-assaults-and-other-offences-0178b
```

A man from Welwyn has been jailed for 4 and a half years for a number of sexual offences.

Philip Griffin, age 32, of The Crescent, Welwyn, was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday, May 7.

He had previously pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault by penetration, two counts of sexual exploitation of a child, in relation to sexual messages he sent to a girl, asking her to engage in sexual activities with him and asking her to send him nude photos.

The offences took place between March and October 2016, when he was arrested. His victim was 16 at the time.

He was sentenced to a total of 54 months, consisting of 54 months for each sexual assault and six months for each exploitation offence, all to run concurrently.

In addition, Griffin will be placed on the Sex Offenders' Register and a restraining order was granted preventing him from contacting the victim for 10 years.

In his summing up, Judge Michael Simon said: "It is quite clear that severe psychological harm has been caused to the victim as a result of the assault."

He told Griffin the sexual assaults were "the culmination of your attempts of sexual advances to the victim". He said Griffin "pursued a course of conduct over an extended period".

Detective Constable Fiona Curson said: "The victim has displayed incredible bravery throughout the protracted investigation and I would like to commend her for the courage she has shown. It is good to finally see justice being done and I hope this sentence helps her to rebuild her life following the abuse that Griffin inflicted on her."
