```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure in Bushey are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2018
title: "Appeal following indecent exposure \u2013 Bushey"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-indecent-exposure-Bushey
```

* ### Police are investigating an incident of indecent exposure in Bushey on Monday, April 23

 * ### It happened in the park off Moatfield Road between 11.45am and 11.55am

 * ### Did you witness what happened? Please call 101 quoting crime reference J2/18/560

Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure in Bushey are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in the park off Moatfield Road between 11.45am and 11.55am on Monday, April 23.

The victim, a woman in her 30s, was walking in the park when she noticed a man sitting and smoking a cigarette on a storage box at the back of the football club building.

As she got closer she realised he was indecently exposing himself so she began to walk away.

The offender stood up and followed the victim for a few moments before leaving via the footpath that leads to Moatfield Road.

He is described as white, of skinny build, around 5ft 8in tall and in his late teens or early 20s.

He was wearing a black tracksuit with the hood up and three white stripes down both arms. He also wore dark-coloured trainers.

PC Dale Powell, who is investigating, said: "This was an understandably distressing incident for the victim who was left shaken by what happened.

"We are doing all we can to trace the person responsible but I am appealing to the public to ask if anyone witnessed what happened, saw a man matching the description in the area at the time or has any further information that could assist our enquiries to please come forward and speak to me as soon as possible.

"You can email me at dale.powell@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report or call 101, quoting crime reference number J2/18/560."

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
