```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two burglaries in Bricket Wood are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2017
title: Appeal for information following burglaries in Bricket Wood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-burglaries-in-bricket-wood
```

* ### Both incidents occurred in Oakwood Road.

 * ### Asian gold jewellery and designer handbags were stolen.

 * ### Police are trying to trace a silver Audi spotted around the times of the burglaries.

Detectives investigating two burglaries in Bricket Wood are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Both incidents occurred in Oakwood Road.

The first took place on December 7, between 6pm and 9pm. Offender(s) gained access to the property by forcing a rear kitchen window. A large quantity of Asian gold jewellery was taken ( _pictured_ ).

Between 8am and 7.40pm on Wednesday, December 20, entry was gained to a property by smashing the glass in a rear patio door. A search was carried out and jewellery, designer handbags and a Rolex watch were stolen.

Both incidents are being linked by police.

Detective Constable Paul Edmondson, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "It has been reported that a silver Audi was spotted in the area around the time of both burglaries. I am appealing for anyone who may have seen this vehicle or its occupants to please get in touch.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have seen similar jewellery offered for sale."

Anyone with information about the burglary is asked to contact the St Albans Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F3/17/2705. You can also email paul.edmondson@herts.pnn.police.uk or report information online here

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Asian gold jewellery was stolen during one of the burglaries
