```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace two high value mountain bikes that were stolen during a burglary in Letchworth Garden City."
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2020
title: Appeal to trace stolen bikes following Letchworth Garden City burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-stolen-bikes-following-letchworth-garden-city-burglary-0474
```

* ### The bikes were stolen from a private garage in Newells

 * ### One is a grey coloured Carrera and the other is a distinctive orange and black coloured Boss electric bike

 * ### If you can help, call 101 quoting crime reference 41/36924/20

Officers are appealing for the public's help to trace two high value mountain bikes that were stolen during a burglary in Letchworth Garden City.

The bikes were stolen from a private garage in Newells.

PC Stacey, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who has seen the bikes to get in touch.

"One of the bikes is a grey coloured Carrera and the other is a distinctive orange and black coloured Boss electric bike.

"I am keen to hear from anyone who has recently purchased a bike matching these descriptions in a private sale in the area of North Hertfordshire. Please get in touch if you think you've seen them so that we can give them back to their rightful owner.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference 41/36924/20."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
