```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Hemel Hempstead have been working with a local company to help better protect themselves against tool thieves.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2018
title: Officers in Hemel Hempstead help local company deter tool thieves
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Officers-in-Hemel-Hempstead-help-local-company-deter-tool-thieves-1529D
```

* ## Police engraved tools to help deter thieves.

 * ## The Op Engrave scheme has proved popular since launching a year ago.

 * ## Anyone who would like to take advantage of the free service is asked to get in touch.

Police in Hemel Hempstead have been working with a local company to help better protect themselves against tool thieves.

As part of their Op Engrave initiative, officers from the Hemel North Rural, West and Central Safer Neighbourhood Team visited staff at Osborne Communities to offer crime prevention advice before engraving their tools.

Engraving tools makes them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell on. It also means that, if they are ever lost or stolen, they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily. Officers have previously recovered large quantities of tools but have had no way of telling who they belong to. This relatively new way of security marking can help solve that problem.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Matt Deveney, who launched Op Engrave at the start of 2017, said: "The scheme was set up in response to a rise in tool thefts across Hertfordshire and has proved a popular service. We have held a number of events in partnership with local companies over the past year and were more than happy to offer assistance to Osborne."

He continued: "The best thing to do is to remove all tools from vehicles overnight. If this isn't possible, consider fitting a good quality tool safe to your vehicle to keep them more secure. You should also park on a driveway where possible and reverse up to a garage or wall to prohibit access to rear van doors.

"We want to do all we can to educate people on how to keep their property safe. If you think your business may benefit from having their tools marked, please contact us."

"Op Engrave has been a welcomed initiative which we have been keen to embrace," said Carol Bailey, Managing Director at Osborne Communities. "With a sudden spike in tool thefts across the borough, we were keen to invest and use this as a deterrent."

Anyone who like to get their tools engraved for free can arrange to do so by contacting 01442 271642 or emailing
