```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 13 May 2020
title: Incident in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/incident-in-cheshunt-1110
```

* ## The incident occurred in Grovedale Close on Friday 8 May.

 * ## A man was assaulted after he challenged two people who were allegedly trying to damage a vehicle.

 * ## Witnesses to the incident are being sought as enquiries continue.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Cheshunt.

At around 10pm on Friday 8 May, two men reportedly approached a vehicle parked in Grovedale **Close** and attempted to damage the wing mirror.

A member of the public challenged the two men, who then allegedly assaulted him, causing facial injuries. One of the suspects is then reported to have used racially offensive language towards the victim, before leaving the area.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "It is believed that there were several people in the street at the time, taking part in VE Day celebrations. I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to please get in touch. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have captured mobile phone footage of the incident."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/36334/20.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

 * A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and released under investigation while enquiries continue.
