```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision in Markyate are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2018
title: Appeal following collision in Markyate
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-collision-in-Markyate-2236
```

* ### Two cars were involved in a collision on the A5 in Markyate at around 11.10am today (Thursday, December 13)

 * ### A man and a woman were taken to hospital with injuries

 * ### The road was closed for several hours

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone with information or dash cam footage of the incident to get in touch

Officers investigating a serious road traffic collision in Markyate are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at approximately 11.10am today (Thursday, December 13) on the A5.

For reasons unknown at this stage, a white Fiat 500 and a grey Peugeot 508 were in collision which resulted in two occupants, a man and a woman, being taken to hospital.

The road was closed to traffic to allow emergency services to attend the scene.

Hertfordshire Highways took over the road closure just before 3.30pm so that vehicle fluid on the road could be cleared. The road was re-opened just after 4.20pm.

Sergeant William Hood, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This collision happened on a busy road during the day so there would have been plenty of motorists in the area.

"Were you using the A5 between 11am and 11.10am today? Did you witness the collision or see the vehicles shortly before?

"Do you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle? If so, we would be very keen to speak to you as you may have captured the events leading up to or following the collision."

If you have any information that could help, please contact Sgt Hood on _william.hood@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 252 of December 13 or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
