```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses, in particular a dog walker.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: "Appeal to trace potential witness to robbery \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-to-trace-potential-witness-to-robbery-watford-0945c
```

* ### Detectives investigating a robbery in Watford on 9 October are appealing to trace a male dog walker who they believe may have witnessed the incident.

 * ### The victim, aged 16, was assaulted by three teenage boys before being robbed of his mobile phone.

 * ### The potential witness was seen walking his dog near to Treebridge House, on the corner of Garston Lane and Fourth Avenue.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Watford are appealing for information and witnesses, in particular a dog walker.

It happened in Garston Lane, at the junction with Fourth Avenue, between 8.45pm and 8.50pm on Wednesday 9 October.

The victim, a 16 year old boy, was approached by three teenage boys who assaulted him before ordering him to hand over his mobile phone. He suffered an eye injury as a result of the assault.

The first offender was aged around 16 to 18 years old, of mixed race and between 6ft 2in to 6ft 4in tall. He was of large build and had long, black afro-style hair. He was wearing a dark-coloured tracksuit with a hood, a Puffa-style coat and lightweight gym shoes.

The second offender was black, aged around 16 years old and approximately 5ft 8in tall. He was of skinny build and was wearing a dark-coloured tracksuit.

The third offender was of mixed race, aged around 16 years old and approximately between 5ft 9in and 5ft 10in tall. He was of medium build and was wearing a charcoal-grey coat with the hood worn tightly around his face.

It is believed a man who was walking his dog near to a block of flats called Treebridge House, on the corner of Garston Lane, may have witnessed part or all of the incident.

Detective Constable Lewis Mortimer, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim has been left shaken by his ordeal and I want to reassure him that we're doing all we can to identify those responsible.

"We are conducting extensive enquiries however, we are particularly keen to trace a man who the victim saw walking their dog at the time of the incident. We believe they will have vital information that could assist our investigation so if you think this was you, then please get in touch as soon as possible."

If you have any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/** **91663/19**.

You can email DC Mortimer, report information online, use online web chat here or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
