```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Berkhamsted where a much loved family dog has either gone missing or been stolen are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Berkhamsted where family dog has gone missing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Berkhamsted-where-family-dog-has-gone-missing-0064D
```

* ### A home in Marlin Close, Berkhamsted, was burgled on Friday evening.

 * ### The victims returned home to discover the break in and that their much loved West Highland Terrier had gone missing.

 * ### It is unclear if the dog was stolen by thieves or ran off after the property was left insecure by the intruders.

 * ### Anyone who has seen the dog or has information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a burglary in Berkhamsted where a much loved family dog has either gone missing or been stolen are appealing for information and witnesses.

Offender(s) gained access to the home in Marlin Close between 6.15pm and 8.30pm on Friday (April 13) by forcing open a window. They took jewellery and money from inside the property before making off through the patio doors.

Crime Investigator Deborah Newsham said: "At the time of the burglary the family's West Highland Terrier dog named Sprocket was at home. It is unclear whether the pet was stolen during the burglary or has run off as the property was left insecure when the offender(s) left.

"The family are understandably distraught at the loss of their family pet and I'm appealing for anyone who has seen Sprocket, pictured, or may have information that could help our investigation to get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Deborah Newsham, call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference D2/18/379 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Sprocket
