```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of a man who sadly died following a road traffic collision in Waltham Cross have paid tribute to him.
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2020
title: "Family pay tribute to Michael \u2018Bubs\u2019 Bennett"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/family-pay-tribute-to-michael-bubs-bennett0845ak
```

* ## Tributes have been paid to Michael 'Bubs' Bennett who sadly died following a road traffic collision.

 * ## The incident took place on Lieutenant Ellis Way, Waltham Cross around 1pm on Monday 2 November.

 * ## Witnesses are being sought to the incident. Call 101 quoting Op Spherical if you can help.

The family of a man who sadly died following a road traffic collision in Waltham Cross have paid tribute to him.

Michael Bennett, known as Mick or Bubs to family and friends, was a road maintenance engineer and was on duty when he was involved in the collision on Lieutenant Ellis Way on Monday 2 November.

Mick, aged 54 and from Stanstead Abbotts, was taken to hospital but passed away in the early hours of Tuesday (3 November).

Mick's wife Tanya and children Steven, Sammy and Charlie have issued the following statement:

_" Bubs will always be remembered as one of life's characters for his craziness and heart of gold._

_" His loss will be felt by all that knew him and many memories will be treasured forever._

_" The support the family have been given at this sad time is greatly appreciated._

_" Bubs, you will always remain forever in our hearts, missed by many and loved by all._

_" A true gentleman."_

The family are continuing to receive support from specially trained officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit and have asked that their privacy is respected at this time.

 * A 55 year old man from Waltham Cross has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, and failing to stop at the scene of a collision. He has been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue. Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are continuing to investigate the circumstances around the collision. If you have any information that could assist the enquiry and have not already spoken to police, please call 101 quoting reference **Op Spherical**.

You can also report information online, or speak to one of our call operators in the Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
