```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Bovingdon are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal following a burglary in Bovingdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-a-burglary-in-bovingdon-0852
```

* ### Police are investigating a burglary in Box Lane, Bovingdon, at around 10am on Sunday 22 October

 * ### Two men entered the property but were disturbed by the occupants returning home, so nothing was stolen

 * ### If you saw any suspicious activity in the area at the time of the offence, please contact police quoting reference 41/85090/20

Officers investigating a burglary in Bovingdon are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened in Box Lane at around 10am on Sunday 22 October.

Two men entered the property via a side door but were disturbed by the occupants returning home and nothing was stolen.

Both of the suspects were of skinny build and wore dark clothing, as well as dark-coloured face coverings. One was 5ft 6in tall and the other was approximately 6ft tall. The latter was wearing a small straw hat that had a pale-blue ribbon wrapped around it.

PC Michael Durrant, who is investigating, said: "We have carried out a number of enquiries since the burglary occurred and are keen to hear from anyone who thinks they may have seen any suspicious activity on Box Lane around the time of the offence.

"One of the offenders was wearing a distinctive hat which may have caught people's attention. If you have any information, please don't hesitate to get in touch."

You can email PC Durrant at michael.durrant@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/85090/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.
