```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A successful pilot scheme to help protect vulnerable migrant children in the UK was showcased to a national audience in Watford on Thursday March 22.
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2018
title: Successful migrant children scheme showcased at Hertfordshire conference
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Successful-migrant-children-scheme-showcased-at-Hertfordshire-conference-1855ALL
```

* ### Conference held in Hertfordshire to discuss protecting unaccompanied and vulnerable migrant children.

 * ### These young people, who may have been trafficked by criminal gangs, are at risk of further exploitation and going missing.

 * ### New process piloted Hertfordshire seeks to prevent this from happening.

A successful pilot scheme to help protect vulnerable migrant children in the UK was showcased to a national audience in Watford on Thursday March 22.

Hertfordshire Constabulary hosted a conference with delegates from forces across the country, as well as Immigration Enforcement, National Crime Agency, and social services, who were gathered together to discuss safeguarding unaccompanied migrant children.

These children may have been unwillingly trafficked into the country by criminal gangs. Once here, they are then at risk of further exploitation and very often go missing even after they come to the attention of authorities.

The focus of the day was safeguarding and treating migrant children as victims, improving partnership work, investigations and protective measures around children and young people who present themselves to the authorities.

High profile speakers at the conference included Surrey and Sussex Police Assistant Chief Constable Jeremy Burton, who is the national policing lead for organised immigration crime, and Hugh Ind, Director General of Immigration Enforcement.

Herts Assistant Chief Constable Bill Jephson, who opened the conference, said: "Unaccompanied migrant children are some of the most vulnerable people encountered by police and other frontline agencies. We have made significant steps forward to improve our response to this often hidden problem and move away from treating these young people as simply suspected immigration offenders.

"This conference provided an excellent opportunity to present new ideas and discuss how best to recognise and manage the risks around these children with our partners in law enforcement, immigration and social services."

Hugh Ind, Director General Home office Immigration Enforcement said: "The Home Office takes its responsibility involving children very seriously, protecting the vulnerable and working to tackle the criminality and harm caused by Human Trafficking.

"I welcome this initiative by Hertfordshire Constabulary to understand the welfare and safety needs of unaccompanied migrant children."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire, David Lloyd, said: "Protecting vulnerable children is one of the most important duties our police service has, and this scheme is a great example of partners across Hertfordshire coming together to keep young people safe.

"The work the Constabulary has been doing around modern slavery and people trafficking reveals a spider web of criminal behaviour, and preventing young children being drawn into this is our key priority."

**Hertfordshire Migrant Children and Young Person Pilot:**

At the conference, Hertfordshire Constabulary's Missing Persons Unit presented a new project that has been piloted in the county since last August.

The team created a new standardised process for professionals and police officers working with migrant children. The aim is to engage positively with the young person at the earliest opportunity, treating them as victims and securing vital information about them that will help police and social services understand the risks around them.

A new pack was designed for the process for professionals to complete and submit about the child. The pack includes questions to ask the child regarding their welfare, safety and information about who they are, where they came from and how they came to be in the UK.

Since the scheme's launch Hertfordshire has achieved a high success rate in retaining children in safe accommodation.

Detective Chief Inspector Dee Perkins, head of protecting children at Hertfordshire Constabulary, said: "We know that migrant children who arrive in the UK on their own are at high risk of abuse or exploitation. Previous experience has also shown us that even after contact with authorities, some children will go missing, prompting substantial missing person enquiries.

"Not only is that child at risk of further exploitation again by criminal gangs, but it could jeopardise any evidence against the traffickers who brought the child into the country. Our new process is aimed at pre-empting a protracted missing person investigation and getting the information we need to protect that migrant child at the first opportunity.

"Our Missing Persons Unit has worked hard to get this scheme off the ground and we were delighted to showcase the positive results it has achieved at the conference."

Pictured left to right are: Detective Sergeant Duncan Montague from Hertfordshire Constabulary’s modern slavery unit, Assistant Chief Constable Jeremy Burton of Surrey & Sussex Police, Joe Apps who leads the NCA’s UK Missing Persons Unit, Investigator Laura Harrison from Hertfordshire Constabulary’s Missing Person Unit (MPU), Richard Lederle who is assistant director at IE’s South East Immigration, Compliance and Enforcement Team, HM Inspector for IE Lisa Hogan, Detective Sergeant Sue Parke from the Herts MPU, and Hugh Ind, Director General of IE.
