```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man appeared in court yesterday (Monday April 16) charged with an assault on a police officer.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2018
title: Man charged in connection with assault on police officer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-charged-in-connection-with-assault-on-police-officer-0068K
```

* ### Andrea Buzzanca from Hoddesdon charged in connection with an assault on a police officer.

 * ### The assault took place on Friday April 13 close to Hertford Regional College in Turnford.

 * ### The police officer received minor injuries to her arm.

A man appeared in court yesterday (Monday April 16) charged with an assault on a police officer.

Andrea Buzzanca, 22, of Stanstead Road, Hoddesdon, appeared at Stevenage Magistrates' Court in connection with an assault on a police officer, which occurred at around 3pm on Friday April 13. He was remanded into custody.

Two officers had been responding to a report of a robbery that was alleged to have occurred in Turnford, outside Hertford Regional College.

When the officers arrived a man has assaulted a female officer with a knife as she approached him to take details of the report. The female officer suffered a minor injury to her arm and retreated to the police vehicle. Shortly afterwards the man was detained.

A 20-year-old man from Cheshunt was also arrested on Saturday April 14 on suspicion of conspiracy to commit assault. He has been bailed whilst further investigations are undertaken.

Chief Inspector Ian Butler said: "We are currently investigating the circumstances around this incident and thankfully the officer has not been seriously injured. The situation was quickly brought under control and no one else was injured. The two officers handled the situation calmly and professionally and I remain immensely proud of their actions on Friday".
