```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two robberies in Cheshunt yesterday (Thursday 28 November) are appealing for witnesses and will be conducting high visibility patrols in the area this afternoon.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2019
title: Appeal after two robberies in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-two-robberies-in-cheshunt-1105
```

* ### Did you see offender running after bag snatches?

 * ### We're appealing for witnesses to Cheshunt robberies

 * ### Officers will be conducting high visibility patrols in the area

Officers investigating two robberies in Cheshunt yesterday (Thursday 28 November) are appealing for witnesses and will be conducting high visibility patrols in the area this afternoon.

In the first incident, an elderly woman walking along Bellamy Road between 3.40pm and 3.50pm had her bag snatched by a man who approached her from behind. He ran off quickly towards Forest Road.

In the second incident, a woman in her 60s was walking along Windmill Lane towards Cheshunt railway station when her bag was pulled out of her hands from behind. The woman fell over during the incident but was unhurt. The offender ran off towards the Windmill pub car park.

DC Paul Dicker who is investigating, said: "We are appealing for witnesses to these incidents as we believe the same person committed both robberies. Both victims are obviously shaken by their ordeal, though thankfully unhurt.

"I'd ask anyone in the areas yesterday to get in touch with any information by emailing me at paul.dicker@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling 101."

The offender is described as a dark skinned male, 5ft 11in tall, aged 19 or 20, slim, with short facial hair and wearing a brown coat.

You can also report information online at _herts.police.uk/report_ , speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at _herts.police.uk/contact_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/107306/19 for the Bellamy Road incident or 41/107358/19 for the Windmill Lane incident.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at _crimestoppers-uk.org_.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
