```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a spate of criminal damage to vehicles in Welwyn.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019
title: Appeal following damage to cars in Welwyn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-damage-to-cars-in-welwyn-1068
```

* ### Police received seven reports of damaged wing mirrors on 18 November

 * ### The incidents all happened in School Lane

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a spate of criminal damage to vehicles in Welwyn.

On Tuesday 18 November, Hertfordshire Constabulary received seven separate reports of damaged wing mirrors in School Lane, between the hours of 7.30am and 10pm.

Inspector Wayne Nash, of the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), said: "Because of this mindless vandalism, several people have been left out of pocket as they've had to pay for repairs, which they're understandably upset about.

"We're appealing for anyone who was in the School Lane area who may have seen any of the incidents take place, or who believes they may have witnessed suspicious behaviour, to please get in contact with us. Any information, no matter how small it may seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"We're aware that this is likely to cause concern among the community, but please be assured that we are following all lines of enquiry.

"If you believe your vehicle was damaged, and have not yet reported it to us, please do so as soon as possible."

If you have any information, you can report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can view vehicle crime prevention information on our website.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
