```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision on the A10 this evening (Sunday 17 May).
publish:
  date: 17 May 2020
title: "Appeal following serious collision on A10 \u2013 Hertford/Ware"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-collision-on-a10-hertfordware-0126
```

Officers are appealing for information, witnesses and dash cam footage following a serious collision on the A10 this evening (Sunday 17 May).

Shortly before 8.30pm, a white van and a pedestrian were involved in a collision on the southbound carriageway between Hertford and Ware. The incident happened near to the Chadwell Springs Golf Centre.

The pedestrian, a man, has sustained serious injuries and has been taken to hospital.

Officers remain at the scene and road closures have been put in place. Motorists are advised to avoid the area.

Sergeant Tim Davies, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This collision has resulted in a man being taken to hospital with serious injuries and we are still piecing together the circumstances of what happened.

"Were you in the area? Did you see what happened? Or did you see the events leading up to the collision? If you can help, please don't hesitate to get in touch. I am also keen to hear from anyone who might have caught what happened on dash cam. If you have a dash cam and were in the area, please check it as soon as possible and let us know if you captured anything that could help.

"Please get in contact if you can help by calling the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _timothy.davies@herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting ISR 707 of 17 May."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
