```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men have been sentenced today following the murder of Jamil Sarki in Welwyn Garden City in January.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2018
title: Three men sentenced following murder in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-men-sentenced-following-murder-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-0491MD
```

* ### Jamil Sarki was fatally stabbed in Welwyn Garden City in January

 * ### A man from Hatfield, a man from Welwyn Garden City and a man from Chingford have all been sentenced today

 * ### If you need to share information about knife crime, you can go to our website or speak to CrimeStoppers anonymously

Three men have been sentenced today following the murder of Jamil Sarki in Welwyn Garden City in January.

23 year old Jamil, from Romford, was stabbed in the Ethelred Close area of Welwyn Garden City at around 10.20pm on Thursday, January 18.

Jamil was found wounded nearby in Ludwick Way, having sustained a fatal stab wound to his heart and two stab wounds to his arm. He was pronounced dead at the scene.

Jamil's friend was also assaulted during the incident and sustained a hip injury.

Three men have been sentenced today. They are:

 * Daniel Frazer-Traille, aged 35, of Jasmine Gardens, Hatfield, who was found guilty of murder, received a life sentence, with a minimum term of 23 years. He also received a concurrent sentence of five years after being convicted of attempted GBH.
 * Vinnie Bradshaw, aged 19, of Bassingburn Walk, Welwyn Garden City, who was convicted of manslaughter, was sentenced to four years in prison. He also received a concurrent sentence of three years after being convicted of attempted GBH.
 * Keith Coventry, aged 35, of The Close, Chingford, who was convicted of manslaughter, was sentenced to seven years in prison. He also received a concurrent sentence of five years after being convicted of attempted GBH.

If you need to share information with us or have any concerns about knife crime, please report this either on our website at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report or anonymously by contacting CrimeStoppers on 0800 555 111 or at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. Always call 999 in an emergency or if a crime is in progress.

Daniel Frazer-Traille Vinnie Bradshaw
