```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Young people can make this Halloween one to remember by entering our online quiz where they can win a magical prize for the whole family.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2020
title: Win a magical prize for you and your family this Halloween
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/win-a-magical-prize-for-you-and-your-family-this-halloween-715
```

* ### Take part in our children's online competition

 * ### Win a family ticket to the Making of Harry Potter in Leavesden

 * ### Answer the online quiz questions for a chance to win

Young people can make this Halloween one to remember by entering our online quiz where they can win a magical prize for the whole family.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has teamed up again this year with Warner Bros to give youngsters the chance to win a fantastic family ticket to The Making of Harry Potter in Leavesden.

Over the Halloween and Bonfire Night period, Hertfordshire Constabulary is inviting young people between the ages of 5 and 16 across the county to take part in the online quiz, which aims to help them enjoy Halloween and Bonfire Night safely.

The quiz is part of a campaign run during the Halloween and Bonfire Night period, with local councils and the Fire and Rescue Service, to deter anti-social behaviour and make sure everyone has a safe and enjoyable time.

To enter the competition visit www.herts.police.uk/halloween and answer the questions before midnight on Monday 9 November.

This year, many Halloween traditions such as trick or treating carry a risk and the county's message is clear: this Halloween, stick to a safer way of having fun.

**Top 5 low risk activities:**

 * Carving or decorating pumpkins with members of your household and displaying them in your window, or outside. This year, why not carve a rainbow in your pumpkin? Watch Hertfordshire County Council's 'how to' video for tips
 * Taking part in a local 'spot the pumpkin' trail throughout half term week, where people display pumpkin or Halloween pictures in their windows and you have to try and find them all with your family
 * Organising a Halloween scavenger hunt, where children from your household are given lists of Halloween-themed things to look for either in your home, or outdoors
 * Having a virtual Halloween costume competition using zoom or Skype
 * Having a Halloween film night with your household

**Three higher risk activities to avoid this Halloween** :

 * Participating in traditional trick-or-treating, where treats are handed to children who go door to door
 * Attending crowded fancy dress parties or any party where there are more than six people
 * Going to an indoor haunted house where people may be crowded together and screaming

If you have any COVID-19 symptoms, think you may have been exposed to someone with COVID-19, or you have been told to self-isolate, you should not participate in any in-person Halloween festivities and should not give out sweets to trick-or-treaters.
