```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating two suspected rogue trader incidents which occurred in Borehamwood and Shenley are appealing for information and urging others to be vigilant.
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2020
title: Suspected rogue trader incidents Borehamwood and Shenley
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspected-rogue-trader-incidents-borehamwood-and-shenley-0449
```

* ### Police are investigating two suspected rogue trader incidents which occurred in Borehamwood and Shenley

 * ### The incidents both occurred on Saturday 1st August

 * ### Residents are urged to be vigilant and contact police if they have information

Police investigating two suspected rogue trader incidents which occurred in Borehamwood and Shenley are appealing for information and urging others to be vigilant.

The incidents both occurred on Saturday 1st August.

During one incident in Alexandra Road, Borehamwood, a man knocked on a woman's door, told her that her guttering was blocked and offered to fix it for £50\. The resident agreed and upon completion of the work, he requested the victim's card and pin number so he could take payment from a card machine in his van. The man then went to a cash point and removed a large amount of money from her account.

In the second incident in Wickets End, Shenley, a man approached a resident and offered to clean her guttering to which the woman agreed and paid him £50 for the work. The man is then believed to have pushed her for more money for clearing a wasp's nest and replacing broken tiles. The resident refused and the man left.

The offender is described as a white man, aged in his mid-20s, with short dark hair that had shaved sides. He was wearing grey shorts, a black Adidas T-shirt with grey stripes, white socks and black 'slider' sandals.

He was said to be driving a 52 registration blue Volvo estate car.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Matt Cann said: "I'd be keen to hear from anyone who may live in these areas who have witnessed this man carrying out work on the properties, as well as anyone who may have been approached by him.

"I'd also urge people to be aware of this type of crime. Never give your card and pin number to anyone and please take note of the following advice."

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help people protect themselves from rogue traders:**

 * If someone calls at your door offering to do some work for you, do not agree to the work there and then or part with any cash.
 * Don't take their word that the work needs to be done. Ask for a written quote on headed paper and if you think it does need to be done then get quotes from other local companies or ask friends and relatives for a recommendation.
 * If you are in doubt, take information and contact Citizens Advice Consumer Service on 03454 04 05 06 to check their legitimacy.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/60896/20 (Borehamwood incident) or 41/61175/20 (Shenley incident).

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
