```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Motorcyclists across the county are being invited to dig out their cameras this summer as part of a police safety campaign.
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: '#WhoseWorldAreYou campaign launch - Hertfordshire'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/WhoseWorldAreYou-campaign-launch-348
```

* ### Are you a motorcyclist? Send us a photo of yourself with the person you mean the world to for the chance to win £200 of motorcycle shop vouchers

 * ### The prize is kindly provided by the Hertfordshire Road Safety Partnership

 * ### You can enter on Twitter, Facebook or Instagram

Motorcyclists across the county are being invited to dig out their cameras this summer as part of a police safety campaign.

Hertfordshire Constabulary has launched a photo competition for this year's #WhoseWorldAreYou motorcycle safety campaign, which encourages bikers and drivers to take extra care on the roads.

Hertfordshire bikers can submit pictures of themselves with the person they mean the world to on social media with the hashtag #WhoseWorldAreYou to be in with a chance to win £200 worth of motorcycle shop vouchers at a shop of their choice provided by the Road Safety Partnership.

Sergeant Ian Manley, from Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit, said: "Motorcyclists are among the most vulnerable road users and this is why it is so important they remain alert on the road and mindful of their own safety.

"Last year three motorcyclists were killed and 63 seriously injured on Hertfordshire's roads.

"Over the coming weeks, as summer progresses, we expect to see bikers returning to the roads. The competition is a great way to make all road users more aware of the vulnerability of bikers.

"Drivers are reminded of the importance of watching out for riders and to always look carefully when pulling out at junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

"We want the roads to be a safe place for everyone and ask that all road users help us to achieve this."

Simon Brown, from the Hertfordshire Road Safety Partnership, said: "We are very pleased to support this competition and encourage people to get involved by sharing their photos on social media.

"We are committed to reducing the number of serious and fatal collisions on Hertfordshire's roads and I would urge everyone to play their part by looking out for one another."

The #WhoseWorldAreYou campaign delivers the message to bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world and encourages them to share pictures of them with that person.

The campaign also aims to humanise riders by showing the person behind the helmet and demonstrating they are a range of people with different names, personalities and families, just like car drivers.

Competition entries should be submitted via the force's social media accounts: @hertspolice on Twitter, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/hertspolice or @hertspolice on Instagram, using the hashtag #WhoseWorldAreYou.

Entries will be published on the force social media accounts. The closing date for entries is midnight on Saturday, 30 June, 2018 and the winner will be announced on Friday, 6 July, 2018. For full terms and conditions visit the force website: www.herts.police.uk/whoseworldareyou
