```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information, dash cam footage and witnesses following a bicycle and scooter collision in Watford.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2020
title: Appeal following bicycle and scooter collision in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-bicycle-and-scooter-collision-in-watford-0118c
```

* ## The incident happened yesterday (Thursday 14 May) in Dalton Way.

 * ## A six year old boy sustained an open fracture and was taken to hospital by ambulance.

 * ## If you can help, contact Sergeant Russell Jones by calling 101 or emailing russell.jones2@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting ISR 94 of 15 May.

Officers are appealing for information, dash cam footage and witnesses following a bicycle and scooter collision in Watford.

The incident happened yesterday (Thursday 14 May) in Dalton Way.

At around 3.10pm, a child on a scooter was travelling down the ramp outside Pets At Home. Two males, both on bikes, approached and the three were involved in a collision.

The child - a six year old boy - sustained an open fracture to his leg and was taken to hospital by ambulance.

Sergeant Russell Jones, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "This was understandably a frightening incident for the child and my best wishes are with him as he recovers. We are still investigating the circumstances of the collision and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened to get in touch. Did you see the events leading up to the collision?

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in helping us to understand the circumstances of the incident. I would also like to hear from anyone who caught what happened on dash cam footage.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting ISR 94 of 15 May."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
