```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A burglar who broke into an address in Hatfield and was tracked by Police Dog Oz and his handler from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit has been sentenced to four years in prison.
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2018
title: Burglar tracked by Police Dog Oz imprisoned
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Burglar-tracked-by-Police-Dog-Oz-imprisoned-1634B
```

A burglar who broke into an address in Hatfield and was tracked by Police Dog Oz and his handler from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit has been sentenced to four years in prison.

Twenty-eight-year-old William Olave from Millwards, Hatfield appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday, January 18. He was sentenced for this offence and others.

At 2am on Tuesday, August 1 Olave gained access to a property in the town. The occupant heard a noise and found Olave upstairs at which point he ran from the address.

The police were called and five-year-old German Shepherd Oz and his handler were called to assist with the search for the burglar.

The dog's nose was straight to the ground. He led his handler from the back fence into a park, through alleyways, passing numerous houses, crossing a main road before entering a communal parking area.

Oz wound his way through the parked cars and led his handler up to the front door of a block of flats.

The communal door was found ajar and Oz continued inside. Officers identified an address where there was activity inside. Officers entered and arrested Olave.

Head of the BCH Dog Unit, Chief Inspector Louise Angel said: "This is another example of how our highly trained dogs and handlers can assist colleagues around the three counties.

"Oz and his handler's positive response led to the prompt apprehension of a burglar who had targeted elderly people in the middle of the night, which would have been a terrifying ordeal.

"I am very appreciative of the support the Dog Unit offers and am very proud of their work."

Police Dog OZ
