```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure near Buntingford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 22 Apr 2020
title: Appeal for information following indecent exposure near Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-indecent-exposure-near-buntingford-0054a
```

* ## An incident of indecent exposure took place near Buntingford on Wednesday 15 April.

 * ## It happened on the Aspenden bridleway 006, at around 2.40pm.

 * ## If you have information call 101 quoting 41/30475/20.

Officers investigating an incident of indecent exposure near Buntingford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred on Aspenden bridleway 006, at around 2.40pm on Wednesday 15 April.

The victim, a woman aged her 20s, was out for a walk when she was approached by a teenage boy on a bicycle. The boy then got off the bike and indecently exposed himself before cycling off. He was last seen riding through Aspenden churchyard, towards Buntingford. He did not attempt to touch or talk to the woman.

The suspect is described as a white male, aged approximately 15 to 16 years old, with short hair. He was wearing a red football shirt, navy shorts and trainers.

PC Gemma Wardell, from the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Understandably the woman has been left a little shaken by what happened. I fully appreciate that there would have been fewer people around at the time, due to the current social distancing measures, however I am appealing for anyone who may have seen the boy in the area to please come forward.

"I'm particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have captured relevant CCTV or dash cam footage in the area. Alternatively, if you think you may know the identity of the cyclist, please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/30475/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.
