```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft in Watford.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2019
title: Theft of handbag in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/theft-of-handbag-in-watford-2750c
```

* ### A bag was stolen from a pub in the town centre.

 * ### The suspect is described as wearing a distinctive jacket.

 * ### Police are urging people to take steps to keep their belongings more secure.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a theft in Watford.

At around 8.50pm on Monday, February 4, a handbag was stolen from The Moon Under Water pub in the town centre.

PC Adam Wells, who is investigating, said: "The suspect is described as a balding white man, aged in his 50s, wearing a very distinctive camouflage jacket. I am appealing for anyone who was in the area on the same night and may have seen someone matching this description to please get in touch.

"I'd also like to take this opportunity to remind people to remain vigilant while out and about. It takes just seconds for an opportunist thief to steal items which have been left unattended, even for a brief moment. Make sure to keep handbags with you at all times and don't leave purses, wallets or mobile phones on tables."

Anyone with information about the theft should contact PC Adam Wells via email to adam.wells@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/11446/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
