```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested on suspicion of three attempted burglaries as officers crack down on offenders.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2020
title: Further arrest as officers crack down on Welwyn Hatfield burglaries
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/further-arrest-as-officers-crack-down-on-welwyn-hatfield-burglaries-0985
```

* ### A 34 year old man has been arrested on suspicion of three attempted burglaries across Welwyn Hatfield

 * ### Two other men have recently been charged with burglary offences in the area

 * ### Residents are reminded to get in touch if they spot anything suspicious on their doorbell camera or CCTV

A man has been arrested on suspicion of three attempted burglaries as officers crack down on offenders.

The 34 year old man, of no fixed abode, was arrested on Thursday (10 December) on suspicion of the following offences:

 * An attempted burglary in Longlands Road, Welwyn Garden City on Friday 6 November
 * An attempted burglary in Roe Green Lane, Hatfield on Monday 30 November
 * An attempted burglary in Mill Green Road, Welwyn Garden City on Sunday 6 December

This result follows the arrests and charges of Joseph Hoy, aged 28, of no fixed abode, and Christopher Humphreys, aged 32, of Garden Avenue, Hatfield. Both have been charged with burglary offences.

DI Sophia Adams, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "The man has been bailed with strict conditions, including a curfew. I hope that this arrest reassures the community that we are committed to finding those responsible for burglary and bringing them to justice.

"Unfortunately, at this time of year we often see a rise in burglaries as the nights get darker and homes are full of Christmas presents. The good news is there's lots of steps you can take to protect your home. For example, you can use timer switches in your home to control internal lights and radios. For more advice, visit www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome.

"Finally, don't forget if you have a doorbell camera or CCTV and it captures something suspicious, please let us know so we can investigate."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. In an emergency, always call 999.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.
