```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to a total of four years in prison after pleading guilty to a number of child sex offences.
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2020
title: Man sentenced to four years in prison for child sex offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-to-four-years-in-prison-for-child-sex-offences-0988
```

* ### Russell Matthews, aged 35, from Hemel Hempstead, has been given a four-year prison sentence

 * ### He previously pleaded guilty to a number of child sexual offences, including arranging to meet a child in Hatfield

 * ### When officers seized his phone they discovered he'd been sending sexually explicit messages to a 15 year old boy he'd met online

A man has been sentenced to a total of four years in prison after pleading guilty to a number of child sex offences.

Russell Matthews, aged 35, of Upper Barn, Hemel Hempstead, appeared before St Albans Crown Court for sentencing on Thursday 10 December after previously pleading guilty to the following charges:

 * Attempt to meet a child following sexual grooming
 * Attempt sexual communication with a child
 * Attempt to cause a child to watch a sexual act
 * Cause or incite a child to engage in sexual activity
 * Cause a child to watch a sex act
 * Possession of Category A indecent images
 * Possession of Category B indecent images
 * Possession of Category C indecent images

The court heard how in September 2019, Matthews began engaging in sexual communication online with a 13 year old boy and arranged to meet him on 23 October 2019.

After travelling to meet the boy at the Galleria shopping centre in Hatfield, Matthews was apprehended by officers from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) and Hertfordshire Constabulary.

Matthews, a former Scout leader in Abbots Langley, was arrested, taken into custody and later charged.

When officers seized his phone as part of the investigation they discovered a large number of indecent images, as well as conversations between Matthews and a 15 year old boy.

They traced the boy, who lived outside of Hertfordshire, and he told detectives how Matthews had contacted him through an app online before sending him inappropriate sexual messages and images. The victim eventually blocked Matthews after his messaging became incessant, and safeguarding is now in place.

Detective Sergeant Mark Pickard, who led the investigation, said: "Matthews is clearly a very dangerous individual who had no qualms about exploiting children in order to satisfy his own abhorrent urges.

"He is now in a place where he can no longer target any more vulnerable young people and he will be monitored by police for the rest of his life.

"We will do everything we can to safeguard those being targeted and will continue to utilise multiple tactics to continue to identify, charge and convict offenders who prey on children."

Following his sentencing, Matthews was issued a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and told his name will remain on the Sex Offenders' Register for life. His electronic devices on which the indecent images and messages were found will also be destroyed.

Families can find out more about how to keep children and young people safe online on the NSPCC website.

We take all reports of child sexual offences very seriously. If you have information you would like to share with us, you can report it online, speak to an operator via online web chat or call 101. If you think there is danger to life, or believe a crime is in progress, always dial 999.

**Notes to editor:** A further charge of arranging or facilitating commission of a child sex offence will lie on file. When a charge 'lies on file' it means that a judge has agreed that while there is sufficient evidence, a conviction would not increase the sentence imposed. However, the charge(s) could then be re-heard at a later date should the defendant commit any further offences.
