```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for information following an incident in Watford town centre last month and are particularly keen to trace two women who reportedly came to the female victim\u2019s aid"
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2020
title: Did you witness an altercation in Watford town centre?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-altercation-in-watford-town-centre-0669c
```

* ## Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Watford town centre last month.

 * ## It is alleged that a woman was assaulted following a verbal altercation.

 * ## Officers are particularly keen to trace two women who reportedly came to the victim's aid.

Officers are appealing for information following an incident in Watford town centre last month and are particularly keen to trace two women who reportedly came to the female victim's aid.

The incident occurred near 'Your Move' estate agents, on Sunday 23 August.

It is alleged that a woman was assaulted by a man who had followed her through the town, after a verbal altercation nearby.

PC Carl Webster, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully, the victim only sustained minor injuries. While I am aware that this incident happened a while ago, those who witnessed it are likely to remember as it occurred in the middle of the busy town centre.

"It's important for the victim to now get closure and see justice done, which is why we are turning to the public for their help. We have already conducted extensive enquiries during this investigation, but we are particularly looking to trace anyone who witnessed the incident, or the events leading up to it.

"It was reported that the victim was comforted by passers-by who intervened, in particular two women who assisted the victim afterwards. We think they may have some vital information that could be key to our investigation, and I would like to directly appeal to them to get in touch with me as soon as they can."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Webster directly via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/69249/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.

 * **A 35-year-old man from Watford was arrested on suspicion of ABH. He has been released on bail while enquiries continue.**
