```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following burglary in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-hertford
```

* ### Officers appeal for information and witnesses after a burglary in Hertford.

 * ### Occurred in Ware Road on Wednesday, October 11 at around 9.30am.

 * ### Offender made off out of the front of the house.

Officers investigating a burglary in Hertford are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 9.30am yesterday (Wednesday, October 11) an offender gained access to the rear of a property in Ware Road. While inside he was disturbed and made off out of the front of the house.

The offender is described as a white man, aged between 25 and 30 years old with a bald head. He was wearing a black hooded top with the hood down and black tracksuit bottoms. It is believed that he made off along Ware Road and possibly into Copperwood Close.

PC Jason Brownlie-Parker, who is investigating, said: "This burglary happened during a busy time of the morning so I'm appealing for any motorists who may have seen the offender to get in touch. If you were in the area around the time of the burglary and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle I would also like to hear from you as you may have captured the offender on camera, which could help us to identify the offender."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Brownlie-Parker via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number **101** , quoting ISR 181 of October 11

Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
