```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where a rabbit was killed in Harpenden are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2017
title: "Appeal after rabbit is killed \u2013 Harpenden"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-after-rabbit-is-killed-Harpenden-1144F
```

* ### Investigation after rabbit's mutilated body is found in owner's garden in Longfield Road, Harpenden.

 * ### It happened between between 11am on Monday, November 6 and 11am on Wednesday, November 8.

 * ### Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area? Call 101 quoting crime reference F2/17/2157.

Officers investigating an incident where a rabbit was killed in Harpenden are appealing for information and witnesses.

The incident happened in Longfield Road between 11am on Monday, November 6 and 11am on Wednesday, November 8.

The body of the grey rabbit, which displayed several wounds, was found in a flower bed in his owner's garden.

An investigation has now been launched and a post mortem will be scheduled to determine how the wounds were inflicted.

PC Richard Donbavand, who is investigating, said: "This was understandably an extremely distressing incident for the rabbit's owner and I want to reassure the people of Harpenden and the wider community that we are taking this report very seriously.

"An investigation has now been launched and I am appealing for anyone with information to please come forward. Were you in the area and witnessed someone behaving strangely, perhaps attempting to gain entry to rear gardens on Longfield Road? Any information you can provide could prove vital in the investigation.

"At this time, we cannot confirm whether this incident is being linked to the Metropolitan Police's Operation Takahe but we are exploring several lines of enquiry. This is understandably a highly emotive subject for many people and I appreciate that they will be worried about their pets. If you are concerned, our advice would be if you have smaller pets that live outside in hutches, bring them inside or move them to a locked shed or garage overnight if possible."

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F2/17/2157 or report information online.

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
