```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Three Rivers are continuing to work closely with local authorities and partners in order to crack down on those who engage in knife and drug-related crime.
publish:
  date: 25 May 2019
title: Multi-agency approach to clamp down on knife and drug crime in Three Rivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/multi-agency-approach-to-clamp-down-on-knife-and-drug-crime-in-three-rivers-0278
```

* ### Strong partnership work continues to be the key to tackling knife and drug-related crime in Three Rivers

 * ### Two dedicated Youth Crime PCSOs are working with schools across the CSP to build relationshops with young people most at risk

 * ### Part of the targeted work includes proactive policing operations like the one seen in South Oxhey earlier this month

Police in Three Rivers are continuing to work closely with local authorities and partners in order to crack down on those who engage in knife and drug-related crime.

Earlier this year, two dedicated Youth Crime PCSOs were introduced to work with both primary and secondary schools in Three Rivers, Watford and Hertsmere in order to promote the #livesnotknives message to young people.

They are building relationships with pupils and students at schools who, for whatever reason, have been identified as being more at risk of being recruited into gangs and youth violent crime, resulting in them choosing to carry knives.

This increase in early intervention is capturing those individuals who need extra support and guidance in order to make positive life choices.

In March, the force supported the Operation Sceptre national week of action against knife crime. As part of this, officers increased the number of regular knife sweeps conducted in a number of open spaces across Three Rivers. No concealed weapons were found as a result.

They also worked in partnership with British Transport Police at Carpenders Park railway station to conduct a knife arch operation, searching passengers passing through the station. Again, no weapons were found during a sweep conducted in the nearby vicinity.

Further work is being carried out specifically in South Oxhey in order to target suspected drug supply and knife-related crime in the area. As a result of this, several individuals are currently under investigation. We are working with our partners to tackle associated anti-social behaviour related to drug and alcohol misuse by making referrals to support services where appropriate.

Those who exhibit anti-social behaviour are dealt with robustly and individuals, families and parents have been issued with warning notices as part of an action plan to reduce this type of behaviour and ease the problem within the community. In some cases, those responsible are evicted from their homes if they choose to continue with their actions.

An example of this work in action is a recent high visibility proactive policing operation executed in South Oxhey on Friday, May 10 resulted in two men being arrested.

A 16-year-old boy from South Oxhey was arrested on suspicion of possession with the intent to supply a Class B drug and obstructing a police officer. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

A 19-year-old man from South Oxhey was arrested for previously failing to appear at court in relation to a number of burglaries. He appeared before Hatfield Remand Court the following day (May 11) and received a 12-month conditional discharge.

The evening of action involved officers from both Watford and Three Rivers Operation Scorpion teams and the South Oxhey, Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

Three Rivers Detective Inspector Mike Hanson said: "We recognise that knife crime is a complex and multifarious issue and while we do not have anywhere near a critical level of knife-related offending in Three Rivers, we are in no way complacent. If we have reason to believe someone is carrying a knife or involved in related criminal activity, we will act.

"Often, but not always, knife crime is connected to drug-related criminality and anti-social behaviour. We are committed to working closely with our partners, including local authorities and housing associations, in order to tackle the issue head on and show those who are committing these offences that a knife free life is a better life.

"If you have any concerns or issues about knife crime, drug-related crime or anti-social behaviour in your community, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will take action and I am confident that we, the police, and our partners have effective systems in place that help make Three Rivers an even safer place to live."

Andy Stovold, Head of Community Partnerships at Three Rivers District Council, added: "Addressing serious violence, including knife crime and criminal exploitation, is one of the key priorities for the Three Rivers Community Safety Partnership.

"The Council remains committed to using its anti-social behaviour powers in partnership with colleagues from the Police and other agencies to help protect the community, and keep Three Rivers the safest District in Hertfordshire."

You can report any concerns or issues you may have about anti-social behaviour, knife or drug-related crime online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _,_ or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat.

This can be launched here: www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/About-us/Contact

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
