```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "People are being reminded of when the 999 emergency number should be used to contact police following a number of inappropriate calls during Sunday\u2019s snow."
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2017
title: Reminder of when to use 999 to contact police following inappropriate calls during the snow
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Reminder-of-when-to-use-999-to-contact-police-following-inappropriate-calls-during-the-snow-1311
```

* ### People are being reminded of when the 999 number should be used to contact police following a number of inappropriate calls during Sunday's snow.

 * ### The Force Control Room received more than 600 extra 999 calls on Sunday, December 10.

 * ### Among the calls received were requests for the best travel routes in the snow.

People are being reminded of when the 999 emergency number should be used to contact police following a number of inappropriate calls during Sunday's snow.

Chief Superintendent Richard Liversidge said: "On Sunday we received more than 600 extra 999 calls compared to an average Sunday and a significant number of these were not in relation to emergency incidents.

"Among the calls received by our busy call handlers were requests for the best travel routes in the snow.

"This is clearly not an emergency situation where life or property is at risk or a crime is in action. In fact, this type of request is not a police matter and there are other agencies and organisations that you should go to for this information.

"When people use the 999 number inappropriately it could delay our response to those who are in real needs of an immediate police response.

"The public can help us with this by ensuring that they choose the most appropriate option when contacting us and considering whether their query is in fact something for the police to answer as opposed to alternative online support from a motoring organisation or weather channel.

"As I'm sure you're aware, when severe weather hits our county, we see an increase in calls for assistance so it is even more important that people do not call us for matters that should not involve the police and never call 999 if it is not a genuine emergency."

**Always dial 999 if:**

 * Someone is injured, being threatened or is in danger.
 * There is a risk of injury to someone or a risk of serious damage to property.
 * A crime is in progress or you suspect a crime is in progress.
 * There is a serious incident which needs immediate police attendance.
 * Someone suspected of a crime is nearby.When there is no immediate threat to life or property please make use of our online options, which include a web chat facility to speak directly to a communications operator http://www.herts.police.uk/contact_us/contacting_us.aspx or call 101. _ _ **Typical examples of when you should contact us online or call 101 include:** __
 * __If you want to give police information about a crime that is not currently in progress.
 * To contact a local police officer, such as someone from your Safer Neighbourhood team.
 * If your property has been stolen or damaged but it is not a crime in progress.
 * If you suspect drug dealing or use in your area.

You can watch a video guide to reporting crime online here - **https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cnZm2Xj6xQ &t=8ss**
