```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Over 200 households were visited by police and fire officers during the latest Safer Streets push in Potters Bar on Saturday 6 July.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2019
title: Helping to keep Potters Bar streets safer
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/helping-to-keep-potters-bar-streets-safer-0471j
```

* ### Over 200 households were visited by police and fire officers during the latest Safer Streets push in Potters Bar.

 * ### 22 home fire safety referrals and 17 crime prevention referrals were made and 54 people signed up to receive emails about crime in their area by joining the Online Watch Link at www.owl.co.uk

 * ### They visited homes in Oakroyd Avenue, Oakroyd Close, Elmroyd Avenue, Elmroyd Close and Kingsland.

Over 200 households were visited by police and fire officers during the latest Safer Streets push in Potters Bar on Saturday 6 July.

They were also joined by Potters Bar fire volunteers and YC Hertfordshire. The Safer Streets scheme aims to make areas even safer by offering residents free security checks, crime prevention advice, fire risk assessments, installation of smoke alarms and advice on healthy living and giving up smoking.

During visit to homes in Oakroyd Avenue, Oakroyd Close, Elmroyd Avenue, Elmroyd Close, Kingsland, 22 home fire safety referrals were made and Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service fitted smoke alarms on the day. Seventeen crime prevention referrals were made and 54 people signed up to receive emails about crime in their area by joining the Online Watch Link, which is part of Neighbourhood Watch.

PCSO Cheryll Lavell said: "It was a really good opportunity to meet residents and give out practical crime prevention advice and encourage residents to sign up to OWL. Most people were pleased to see us and we will follow up the crime prevention referrals."

Residents who sign up to Neighbourhood Watch will receive emails about crime, missing people and other relevant information in their local area.

Councillor Pervez Choudhury, Portfolio Holder for Community Safety, said: "The Safer Streets initiative is a great example of partnership working. Through the initiative, local residents get the opportunity to find out more about what services are available to them in their area and also receive some really practical advice on home and personal safety and security.

"This latest visit was a success and well-received by residents in the streets, who were able to find out more about the good work carried out by the different agencies represented during the visit, as well as having the chance to report any issues they were having."
