```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a war medal that was stolen.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: "Photo of medal released in connection with burglary investigation \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/photo-of-medal-released-in-connection-with-burglary-investigation-watford-0785
```

* ### An image of a war medal stolen during a Watford burglary has been released by detectives

 * ### It happened in Bushey Mill Lane in the early hours of Sunday 30 August

 * ### If you have any information please contact police quoting **41/69571/20**

Detectives investigating a burglary in Watford have released an image of a war medal that was stolen.

It happened in Bushey Mill Lane in the early hours of Sunday 30 August.

Offender(s) forced entry to the property via an upstairs window and stole a safe containing a number of items, including the war medal.

Also inside the safe was a Sony camera, foreign currency, an iPad mini, a Samsung tablet and a camera lens.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "We appreciate that this offence happened some time ago now but we have recently acquired a photograph of the stolen medal and we owe it to our victim to follow all avenues of enquiry.

"If you have been offered this medal for sale, or have any further information that you believe could be useful to our investigation, then please get in touch."

You can email DC Vint at julie.vint@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/69571/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-watford and tell us what you think.
