```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As LGBT+ History Month draws to a close, Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Force lead for sexual orientation and gender identity, reflects back on the progress made over the past year to ensure that the county is LGBT+ inclusive.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary continuing efforts to ensure the county remains LGBT+ inclusive
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-continuing-efforts-to-ensure-the-county-remains-LGBT-inclusive-2630PR
```

* ### The Constabulary has taken multiple steps over the past year to ensure that LGBT+ staff and officers feel supported at work

 * ### The police patrol flat cap was introduced as a gender neutral option in May 2018 and in November 2018, a trans toolkit was launched

 * ### Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls says that there is still lots of work to be done

As LGBT+ History Month draws to a close, Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Force lead for sexual orientation and gender identity, reflects back on the progress made over the past year to ensure that the county is LGBT+ inclusive.

He said: "Since last year's LGBT+ History Month, we're very proud to have climbed over 60 places in Stonewall's Workplace Equality Index, ranking 121 out of 445 organisations. It's vital that our LGBT+ colleagues feel comfortable and confident at work, both for their wellbeing and so that they can deliver a good service to the public."

The Constabulary has taken multiple steps over the past year to ensure that LGBT+ staff and officers feel supported at work. In a move that broke a 33 year tradition, the police patrol flat cap was introduced as a gender neutral option in May 2018, with both male and female police officers and police community support officers being given the choice to wear it.

A trans toolkit was also launched in November 2018, in line with forces up and down the country, to help officers who are transitioning as well as give guidance to their line manager.

Chief Supt Nicholls continued: "We began this LGBT+ History Month with a special training session for the county's football clubs to help them tackle hate crime. This was in response to the 'homophobia in football' survey that we commissioned with the Hertfordshire Football Association (FA) last year. The survey was completed by over 400 of the county's football fans and found that 61% of respondents felt that football clubs should do more to educate fans about homophobia.

"The clubs who attended this session will now be able to register as a third party reporting centre which is very encouraging as it means that if victims do not feel comfortable going directly to the police, they can instead report hate crimes or hate incidents to their club anonymously, before the details are passed to the police on their behalf."

The Constabulary is keen to increase the number of victims reporting hate crimes and incidents so that the scale of the problem is better understood and action can be taken.

In August 2018, officers completed a day of training that has enabled them to further support the local LGBT+ community and tackle hate crime towards them. Areas covered during the training included the barriers in reporting LGBT+ hate crime and what the police can do to fight under reporting.

Chief Supt Nicholls said: "I'm delighted that there was high interest in the course with all spaces quickly filled up. A variety of officers took part, including Hate Crime Officers and LGBT+ Liaison Officers who specifically look after the county's LGBT+ community."

Reflecting on the year ahead, he continued: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to supporting the LGBT+ community and while we've taken many steps over the last year to help keep the county's LGBT+ community safe, there is undoubtedly still a lot of work to do. We will be continuing to work with the Hertfordshire FA to reduce the incidents of homophobic and other hate crimes through the third party reporting centres and other initiatives.

"We're looking forward to continuing our work over the next year and hope to see as many of you as possible for Pride 2019 when it moves back to Watford.

"Remember, please never hesitate to get in touch if you are the victim of an LGBT+ hate crime. We are here to support you and you will always be taken seriously."

**_ _**

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to www.hertfordshire.gov.uk/hertsagainsthate.

**Contacting an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number **101** or by contacting us online at www.herts.police.uk/Report. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via **999. ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.
