```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery at The Galleria in Comet Way, Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 23 May 2018
title: Appeal following robbery at The Galleria in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-robbery-at-The-Galleria-in-Hatfield-0260MD
```

* ### The incident happened on Saturday, May 5, at around 5.30pm

 * ### The four victims, all 13 year old boys, were at the bike racks under the bridge when they were approached by the two offenders who demanded money and threatened them

 * ### Anyone with information should contact Investigator Linda Bunton on linda.bunton@herts.pnn.police.uk or 101, quoting crime reference B2/18/1992

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery at The Galleria in Comet Way, Hatfield.

The incident happened on Saturday, May 5, at around 5.30pm.

The four victims, all 13 year old boys, were at the bike racks under the bridge when they were approached by the two offenders who demanded money and threatened them.

The offenders were given a small amount of cash before walking off towards Subway.

One of the suspects is described as a mixed race boy, aged 13 to 16 years old, 5ft 2in tall and with short Afro hair. He was wearing a black and white Puma hoody and had a black and white Nike drawstring bag on his back.

The other suspect is described as a mixed race boy, aged 13 to 16 years old, and with dreadlock hair and braces. He is described as slightly taller than the other suspect. At the time of the offence he was wearing a black Nike hoody, Nike jogging bottoms and had a black and white Nike rucksack on his back.

Investigator Linda Bunton, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a frightening ordeal for the victims and they were understandably left distressed by what had happened.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident, or has any other information about the robbery, to get in contact with me on linda.bunton@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference B2/18/1992."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
