```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted burglary in Hemel Hempstead last week.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2020
title: Witness appeal following attempted burglary in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-attempted-burglary-in-hemel-hempstead-1481
```

* ### On Tuesday 18 February at around 7pm, four men approached a property in Belswaines Lane.

 * ### They gained access to the garden by means unknown, damaging the side door.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an attempted burglary in Hemel Hempstead last week.

On Tuesday 18 February, at around 7pm, four men approached a property in Belswaines Lane.

They gained access to the garden by means unknown, and caused damage to the side door of the property. They fled the scene when the homeowner confronted them.

PC Nick Kent, of the Hemel Hempstead Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was understandably a frightening experience for the victim. Luckily, the suspects were unable to gain access to the property, so nothing was taken. However, the victim has still been left out of pocket due to having to pay for repairs to their door.

"If you were in the area at the time, and believe you may have witnessed the incident or seen four males behaving suspiciously, please get in contact. They were said to be wearing light coloured tracksuits with the hoods up, and all of them had some sort of snood or balaclava covering their faces."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Kent directly via email at nick.kent@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/15238/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
