```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged assault in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2020
title: Did you witness assault in Cheshunt?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-cheshunt-1433
```

* ### The incident occurred on a bridge over the A10.

 * ### The victim sustained significant facial injuries.

 * ### Two people have been arrested.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following an alleged assault in Cheshunt.

The incident occurred in Brookfield Lane East, at around 2pm on Wednesday 5 February.

A teenage boy was walking across the overbridge of the A10 from Tesco, when he was approached by two people walking in the opposite direction.

The victim was then struck in the face by an unknown object.

Nothing was taken during the incident.

Detective Constable Martin Sturgess, from the Local Crime Unit, said: "This was completely unprovoked attack which left the victim with significant facial injuries. Our enquiries into the incident are continuing and we are appealing for anyone who witnessed what happened, or the events prior to it, to please contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to email martin.sturgess@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/10986/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

• Two people have been arrested on suspicion of GBH and have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
