```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Safer Neighbourhood Teams in Watford are encouraging residents to continue using echo after a successful drugs operation using intelligence submitted to the feedback platform resulted in an arrest.
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: "Echo: You Said, We Did - one arrested and car seized during drug operation \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/echo-you-said-we-did-one-arrested-and-car-seized-during-drug-operation-watford-1103c
```

* ## A man was arrested during a drug operation planned using intelligence submitted by the public via echo.

 * ## A car was also seized and 25 stop searches were carried out as well as extensive intelligence recorded.

 * ## Officers use echo to shape their policing priorities and target resources to where they are needed most.

The Safer Neighbourhood Teams in Watford are encouraging residents to continue using echo after a successful drugs operation using intelligence submitted to the feedback platform resulted in an arrest.

After reviewing the information shared by the public, PC Connor Element planned a police response to target the areas continually mentioned in echo feedback as suspected drug dealing hotspots.

A team of officers, from the Watford North and Watford Outer Safer Neighbourhood Teams, conducted a mixture of high-visibility and plain-clothes patrols during the three-day operation.

One person was arrested and a car was seized during the operation in several areas of Watford including Vicarage Road and The Harebreaks, as well as both Meriden and Tudor estates.

A 21 year old man from Watford was arrested in Beechfield Rise on suspicion of driving while unfit through drugs, and possession of a class B drug (cannabis). He was released on bail in relation to the driving offence and given a community resolution in relation to the possession of cannabis.

Officers also carried out 25 stop searches, submitted multiple new intelligence reports and also stopped a Honda Civic which they later seized it as they had reason to believe it was a pool car being used to commit crime.

PC Connor Element, who organised and led the operation, said: "We had received information via echo from residents who were understandably concerned about suspected drug dealing activity in their neighbourhoods.

"Everyone has the right to live in their home without fear of crime or anti-social behaviour, so after gathering as much information as possible I planned this operation to tackle the issue head on.

"We achieved some very positive results but we will not be resting on our laurels: we are planning future operations, so I want this to serve as a warning to those who choose to deal drugs in our town. We will catch up with you.

"I hope the residents in our communities are reassured that we are listening and we will take action where it's needed.

"Please continue to use echo as a way to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Watford echo and tell us what you think."

Please don't use echo to report an ongoing crime or incident. Remember: if you believe a crime is in progress or someone is in danger, always dial 999.
