```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 100 people attended the special service to commemorate and celebrate the life and legacy of Stephen Lawrence, which was held at Hertfordshire Police HQ on Friday April 19.
publish:
  date: 8 May 2019
title: Special service to commemorate Stephen Lawrence held at Police Headquarters
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-service-to-commemorate-stephen-lawrence-held-at-police-headquarters-all
```

More than 100 people attended the special service to commemorate and celebrate the life and legacy of Stephen Lawrence, which was held at Hertfordshire Police HQ on Friday April 19.

The event took place in the Memorial Garden and was led by six of the Force Chaplains, who were also joined by Bishop Dr Wayne Malcom.

The congregation that included Deputy Lord Lieutenant of Hertfordshire, members of Hertfordshire's Interfaith Panel and Hertfordshire Equality Council were treated to some exceptional singing by special guests - Michelle John - who previously took part in ITV's The Voice Competition and Roger Samuels a current The Voice finalist.

Hertfordshire Police Cadets were also among the members of staff who took part in the moving service.

Stephen Lawrence was senselessly murdered in south London in 1993, and last year the Prime Minister, Teresa May declared there would be a special national day to commemorate him.

Stephen Lawrence Day is for all ages and individuals from every background. The day aims to have a strong focus on young people and the communities they live in, enabling them to engage in designing and delivering inspirational community events, make positive choices and live their best life. It will encourage and support young people in achieving their dreams and reflect on Stephen's life, death and the positive change he has inspired.

Chief Inspector Chris Treadwell who organised the special service said: "This was a true multi-cultural event that I hope captured the spirit of the occasion. It is fitting that we remember Stephen Lawrence in this way and the impact his death has had not only on the way we police our diverse communities in, but on society as a whole. I hope it inspires young people to make the best of opportunities that come their way."
