```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify two women they would like to speak to, as part of their investigation, following two connected thefts in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2020
title: "Appeal following two thefts in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-two-thefts-in-bishops-stortford-1284f
```

Police are appealing for the public's help to identify two women they would like to speak to, as part of their investigation, following two connected thefts in Bishop's Stortford.

Both incidents happened at a Boots store in Potter Street on Saturday 4 January.

 * At 3.11pm two offenders walked into the store where one of them took fragrances off the shelf - removing the security tags. They then puts two fragrance gift sets under their coat before leaving without paying.
 * At 3.34pm, a single offender entered the store before stuffing two fragrance gift sets under their jacket before leaving the store without paying.

PCSO Natasha Coppin, from the East Herts Local Policing Command, said: "We would like to speak to the two women pictured, as they were seen in the area at the time of the incident and could help us with our ongoing investigation."

"Please get in touch if you recognise them."

Anyone who recognises this person is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/2130/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
