```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested and charged following a joint police operation involving local officers and specialist units.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2021
title: Drugs arrests in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-arrests-in-stevenage-1180e
```

* ## Two arrested and charged following drugs warrants in Stevenage and Barnet.

 * ## Local officers work with Operation Mantis to tackle county lines drug dealing.

 * ## Local community thanked for their information and patience during the investigation.

Two people have been arrested and charged following a joint police operation involving local officers and specialist units.

A search warrant was executed at an address in Holly Copse in Stevenage (Tuesday 9 February), after an intensive investigation into the activity of the occupants. Local officers had received numerous complaints from the local community regarding drug related activity linked to the address.

A second warrant was also executed at an address in Redwood Way in Barnet, which was linked to the offenders.

Katrina Watkinson (31) of Holly Copse Stevenage and Haben Emmanuel (20) of Redwood Way in Barnet, appeared at court today (Wednesday 10 February) charged with drug trafficking offences and being in possession of criminal property.

Detective Sergeant Jonathan Leak from the dedicated county lines Operation Mantis said: "My team have worked tirelessly to address the problems in Holly Copse and I hope this sends a clear message to those that continue to deal drugs in our county - we are committed to tackling drug crime in Hertfordshire and we will do everything in our power to catch you."

Chief Inspector for Stevenage, Simon Tabert, said: "This is an excellent outcome and will hopefully provide some respite for the law abiding residents who have had to put up with significant anti-social behaviour linked to the drug dealing activity at this address.

"I would like to thank them for their patience and hope this reassures people that just because we don't take action immediately a complaint is made, does not mean we are not dealing with the issue. In order to secure a conviction, we need to investigate the crimes thoroughly and this can take a bit of time.

"My local policing team will be now be carrying out joint follow up work with the ASB team from Stevenage Borough Council."

Katrina Watkinson has been charged with two offences of conspiring to supply Class A drugs.

Haben Emmanuel has been charged with conspiring to supply heroin, being concerned in the supply of heroin, conspiring to supply crack cocaine, being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and acquiring, using and possessing criminal property.

If you have any information regarding drug related crime in your area you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

#### Help and support for those with drug addiction:

If someone you know has a drug problem, they can get help by contacting Frank on 0800 77 66 00 or visit Talk To Frank (opens in a new window).

#### What is County Lines?

County Lines is the name given to describe drug dealing, which involves criminal networks from urban areas expanding their activities into smaller towns and rural areas.

It often involves the exploitation of children, as gangs use young people and those with mental health or addiction problems to transport drugs and money. These gangs establish a base in the location they are targeting, often taking over the homes of local vulnerable adults by force or coercion in a practice referred to as 'cuckooing'.

Dealers typically use a single phone line to facilitate the supply of Class A drugs to customers. The phone line is highly valuable and is protected through violence and intimidation.
