```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Safer Neighbourhood officers in Stevenage are warning local residents to be vigilant and make sure they have properly locked their vehicles when they leave them, following reports of opportunist thieves operating in the town.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2019
title: Opportunist car thieves operating in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/opportunist-car-thieves-operating-in-stevenage-1158e
```

* ## Local residents warned after opportunist thieves target cars in Stevenage.

 * ## Offenders looking for insecure vehicles for easy pickings.

 * ## Car owners urged to check vehicles are properly locked before leaving them unattended.

Safer Neighbourhood officers in Stevenage are warning local residents to be vigilant and make sure they have properly locked their vehicles when they leave them, following reports of opportunist thieves operating in the town.

"We know that these offenders are literally going along a road trying car door handles to see if they get lucky - don't let your car be their next target," said Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Hall.

"Anything left on display will attract them to your vehicle, so please take all of your possessions with you when you leave it and double check you have actually locked your car after you have pressed the button. It is not uncommon for people to press the wrong button and then walk away believing they have locked their car, especially when it is dark.

"If your vehicle has been left insecure this could have an impact on your car insurance. You may not be able to claim for any of the items stolen and it could also affect your no claims policy."

Officers will be carrying out extra patrols in the hotspot areas, but if you witness anyone behaving suspiciously around vehicles and you believe a crime maybe in progress call 999 immediately. Anyone with any other information should be reported via the non-emergency number 101, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

For further crime prevention advice see here.
