```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who carried out a string of shoplifting offences in Stevenage has been jailed for a year.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2019
title: Man jailed for shoplifting offences - Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-shoplifting-offences-Stevenage-0062
```

* **Paul Murphy has been jailed for a year for carrying out a series of shoplifting offences**
 * **He repeatedly targeted stores in Stevenage**
 * **When arrested Murphy was found to be in possession of a Stanley knife**

A man who carried out a string of shoplifting offences in Stevenage has been jailed for a year.

Paul Murphy, aged 34, of Broadwater Crescent in Stevenage, appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Friday (April 5) where he pleaded guilty to the following charges:

 * Two charges of theft of meat from the Co-op in Broadwater Crescent on March 20, 2019.
 * Theft of household items from One Stop Community Stores in Broadwater Crescent on March 21.
 * Theft of coffee and chilled items from One Stop Community Stores in Broadwater Crescent on March 21.
 * Theft of two boxes of wine from the Co-op store in Broadwater Crescent on March 22.
 * Theft of 10 sirloin steaks from the Co-op store in Broadwater Crescent on March 23.
 * Theft of meat products from Co-op store in Broadwater Crescent on March 23.
 * Theft of bacon and sausages from One Stop Community Stores in Broadwater Crescent on March 23.
 * Theft of an epilator from Boots on the Roaring Meg Retail Park on March 27 and theft of several fragrant gift sets from the same store on March 28.
 * Theft of five bottles of washing up liquid from Home Bargains at Monkswood Retail Park on April 1.
 * Theft of alcoholic spirits from Sainsbury's in Magpie Crescent on April 4.

Murphy also pleaded guilty to the following offences:

 * Fraud by false representation on March 17, which relates to using a stolen bank card. Two contactless transactions, each for £30, were made. A further two attempts to use the card for a £30 transaction and a £20 transaction were declined by the bank.
 * Possession of a Stanley knife on March 24. The knife was found by officers during a search following Murphy's arrest.

He was sentenced to 12 months in prison and ordered to pay compensation totalling £1,043.90.

PC Ben Swapp, who investigated, said: "Murphy is a prolific shoplifter, who targeted the same stores repeatedly. I hope that news of his jail sentence will reassure local businesses that positive action has been taken."
