```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2020
title: Appeal following incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-incident-in-stevenage-1476
```

* ### The victim was approached by two men and two women in Sish Lane.

 * ### The victim was then sprayed with an unknown liquid, and allegedly threatened with a knife.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident in Stevenage.

At around 2.20pm yesterday (Thursday 27 February), a man was approached by two men and two women in Sish Lane, near the Popple Way shops.

One of the men then sprayed the victim with liquid from a Lucozade bottle. He allegedly said that it was ammonia, though the victim was not injured.

The suspect reportedly had a knife.

No one sustained any injuries.

DS Ben Dixon, who is investigating, said: "Of course an incident of this nature is concerning, but please be assured we are treating this as an isolated incident. We are currently carrying out extensive enquiries to establish the timeline of events leading up to this incident.

"If you were in the area at the time and believe you may have witnessed the incident, or believe you may have seen a group of people behaving suspiciously, please get in contact with us as soon as you can. Any information, even something which may seem relatively minor, could be key to our investigation."

If you have any information, you can report it online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/18004/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

 * A 17-year-old boy from Welwyn Garden City was arrested on suspicion of common assault. He has been released on bail with conditions while enquiries continue.
