```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for further witnesses to come forward and are particularly keen to trace a man who is reported to have intervened.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2020
title: Did you witness an assault in Watford?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-an-assault-in-watford-0928
```

* ### The incident occurred in a subway near The Parade.

 * ### A teenage girl was reportedly knocked unconscious.

 * ### Police are appealing for further witnesses to come forward.

 * ### A man has been arrested.

Detectives investigating an assault in Watford are appealing for further witnesses to come forward and are particularly keen to trace a man who is reported to have intervened.

The incident occurred in The Parade, at around 3.20pm on Tuesday 24 November.

A 17-year-old girl was walking through a subway with a friend when they were approached by a man, who began to engage them in a conversation which made them feel uncomfortable.

As they challenged the man, he is alleged to have assaulted one of the girls, knocking her to the floor, causing her to lose consciousness.

Detective Sergeant Michael Ball, who is investigating, said: "It is believed that a number of people were in the area at the time and I am appealing for anyone who saw what happened and hasn't yet spoken to police to please get in touch. I am particularly keen to trace a man who is reported to have intervened and may have also been injured. If this was you, please contact us.

"I am also aware that video footage of the incident may have been captured and would ask that this is shared with us as soon as possible, as it could greatly assist our enquiries moving forward."

Anyone with information is asked to please email DS Michael Ball.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/94688/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

• A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
