```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing to people in Borehamwood who have had their vehicles broken into overnight to come forward.
publish:
  date: 7 Jan 2019
title: Has your vehicle been broken into? Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/has-your-vehicle-been-broken-into-borehamwood-2328J
```

* #### Was your vehicle broken into in Borehamwood overnight?

 * #### Detectives want to trace the owners of suspected stolen items.

 * #### Email ben.heath2@herts.pnn.police.uk or call 101 with information.

Detectives are appealing to people in Borehamwood who have had their vehicles broken into overnight to come forward.

Officers have recovered some items that may have been stolen from vehicles in the town between yesterday (Sunday January 6) and today (Monday January 7).

The suspected stolen items include sunglasses, first aid kits and handheld tools.

Detective Constable Ben Heath, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "I would encourage car owners in Borehamwood to check their vehicles to see if anything is missing, or for signs of a break in in the last 24 hours. If they have suspicions that someone may have stolen or tried to steal something, then please get in touch immediately."

Any witnesses or anyone with information should contact DC Heath by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/1858/19. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 35-year-old man from Borehamwood has been arrested on suspicion of theft from a vehicle and is currently in police custody while investigations continue.
