```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion has delivered another sting and warning to anyone considering committing crime in the borough as they made more than one arrest every day recently."
publish:
  date: 1 Jul 2019
title: "Broxbourne\u2019s Operation Scorpion make 21 arrests in 19 days"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/broxbournes-operation-scorpion-make-21-arrests-in-19-days-439k
```

* ### Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion team continue to target those suspected of being involved in crime.

 * ### Local Chief Inspector says there is no tolerance for crime and the harm it causes.

 * ### The arrests were made in connection with a number of serious offences.

Broxbourne's Operation Scorpion has delivered another sting and warning to anyone considering committing crime in the borough as they made more than one arrest every day recently.

The Operation Scorpion team is made up of officers whose prime role is to relentlessly pursue, disrupt and deter criminals and those suspected of being involved in criminality.

Since June 4 the team has made 21 arrests in 19 working days, for a range of offences, including the supply of drugs, theft of vehicles and serious assaults:

 * A 20-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, driving whilst disqualified and perverting the course of justice.

 * An 18-year-old man of no fixed address was arrested on suspicion of assault, criminal damage and possession of Class B drugs.

 * A 28-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A and B drugs, driving whilst disqualified and driving without insurance.

 * A 19-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with the intent to supply them.

 * A 17-year-old boy from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B drugs.

 * A 25-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs.

 * A 17-year-old boy from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of breaching court imposed bail conditions.

 * A 22-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B drugs with the intent to supply them, driving whilst disqualified and driving with no insurance.

 * A 20-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with the intent to supply them.

 * A 28-year-old man of no fixed address was arrested on suspicion of driving whilst under the influence of drugs.

 * A 17-year-old boy from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon.

 * A 20-year-old man from Essendon was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and possession of criminal property.

 * A 19-year-old man from Broxbourne was arrested on suspicion of assault occasioning grievous bodily harm, assault occasioning actual bodily harm and criminal damage.

 * A 24-year-old man from Cheshunt was arrested after he was wanted on recall to prison.

 * An 18-year-old man from Waltham Cross was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with the intent to supply them.

 * A 29-year-old man of no fixed address was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A and B drugs and assaulting a police officer.

 * A 35-year-old man from Hertford was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. He was also wanted after failing to appear at court.

 * A 29-year-old man from Little Berkhamsted was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B drugs and driving whilst under the influence of drugs.

 * A 27-year-old man from Enfield was arrested on suspicion of aggravated vehicle taking and driving without insurance.
 * A 38-year-old man from Cheshunt was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs, driving whilst under the influence of drugs, theft from motor vehicle, driving whilst disqualified and driving without insurance.

 * A 17-year-old boy from Hoddesdon was arrested on suspicion of assault occasioning grievous bodily harm, possession of an offensive weapon and possession of Class B drugs with the intent to supply them.

Broxbourne Chief Inspector Craig Flint said: "This should send a clear message to anyone involved with, or considering becoming involved in, criminality - we won't tolerate it.

"The Operation Scorpion team will continue to work proactively, utilising covert resources and targeting those suspected of harming our communities through their selfish acts.

"All of our officers are determined to work hard to help keep Broxbourne a safe place to live, work and visit and this is just another demonstration of their commitment."
