```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a purse in Stevenage have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2019
title: "CCTV appeal following theft of a purse \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-theft-of-a-purse-stevenage-2489
```

* ### Do you recognise these people? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into the theft of a purse

 * ### It happened in Costa in Queensway at 2.50pm on Friday, January 18

 * ### If you can help, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/5854/19

Officers investigating the theft of a purse in Stevenage have released images of two men they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

It happened in Costa Coffee on Queensway at 2.50pm on Friday, January 18.

The victim, a woman in her 50s, was sat at a table with her sister when they were approached by a number of men.

They tried to get the women to look at a piece of paper they had put down on the table. They did not speak much English and the women did not understand what they were saying, so the men left.

The victim then realised her purse was missing before informing police.

PCSO Christie Hoare, from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are keen to speak to the men pictured as we believe they may have been in the vicinity at the time of the offence, and may have witnessed what happened or have information that could help progress our investigation."

If you know the people pictured, or have any information about what happened, please contact PCSO Hoare on _christie.hoare@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting crime reference 41/5854/19. You can also call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Do you recognise these people?
