```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses following two assaults in the town.
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2018
title: Three arrested following assaults in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-arrested-following-assaults-in-stevenage-0577E
```

* ### Three people arrested following assaults in Stevenage.

 * ### One woman received stab wounds to her back.

 * ### Officers appeal for witness and information.

Police in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses following two assaults in the town.

At around 11.40pm on Sunday, July 29 police were called following an altercation outside the Red Lion Pub in Shephall Green. Two men and two women were reported to have been involved in an argument which resulted in one of the women being assaulted.

Then later on just after midnight police were called again after a woman was assaulted in Hydean Way. The woman was stabbed in the back and is currently being treated in hospital.

Police remain at the scene and a scene guard has been put in place in Hydean Way while officers continue to work to establish the exact circumstances surrounding the assaults.

Three people have been arrested in connection with the assaults. They are a 38 year old woman from Stevenage (arrested on suspicion of ABH), a 29 year old man from Stevenage (arrested on suspicion of Section 18 GBH) and a 53 year old man from Stevenage (arrested on suspicion of Section 18 GBH).

Detective Sergeant Ian Sheridan said: "We are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed the assaults. We are also keen to hear from anyone else who may have additional information which could assist our investigation.

"You can report information anonymously via Crimestoppers or direct to us via 101 or online. "

The independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
