```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of sexual exposure in Hoddesdon.
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2020
title: Witness appeal following sexual exposure in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-sexual-exposure-in-hoddesdon-0879K
```

* ### Witnesses to an incident of sexual exposure are being sought in Hoddesdon.

 * ### lt took place around 2pm on Wednesday 4 November near Meadgate Road and the River Lee towpath.

 * ### Call 101 quoting 41/89019/20 if you can help our investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of sexual exposure in Hoddesdon.

At around 2pm on Wednesday 4 November a woman was walking south on the River Lee towpath when a man ran past her and turned into Meadgate Road.

As the victim walked by the turning, the man shouted to her and exposed himself.

The woman continued walking away on the towpath and reported the incident.

The man was described as white, but tanned, aged in his mid-20s, with short hair, stubble and he spoke with an eastern European accent. He was wearing light blue jeans, a white t-shirt with a round logo and possibly a green/khaki jacket.

Detective Constable Richard Webster, of the Broxbourne Local Crime Unit, said: "This path is popular with walkers and fishermen and I'm keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and saw anything suspicious.

"Did you see the man before or after the incident or have you had a similar experience?

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at richard.webster@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/89019/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
