```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A former teacher has been jailed for six years today (Friday, December 15) after being found guilty of indecently assaulting pupils.
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2017
title: Former teacher sentenced to six years for indecently assaulting pupils
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Former-teacher-sentenced-to-six-years-for-indecently-assaulting-pupils-1318A
```

* ### A former teacher has been jailed for six years for indecently assaulting pupils.

 * ### Michael Curtis abused his position of trust to prey on young boys.

 * ### He has been made subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and will remain on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

Michael Curtis

A former teacher has been jailed for six years today (Friday, December 15) after being found guilty of indecently assaulting pupils.

Michael Curtis, aged 67, of Wye Road in Ashford, Kent, was convicted by a jury at St Albans Crown Court yesterday (Thursday) of four counts of non-recent indecent assault.

Three of the offences occurred in East Hertfordshire between 1980 and 1986, while a fourth offence took place in Kent in 2010.

He was cleared of another three counts of indecent assault.

Detective Sergeant Rebecca Crudgington from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Historic Sexual Abuse Investigation Team said: "Curtis abused his position of trust as a teacher and repeatedly abused pupils, who were all aged under 14, by touching them inappropriately.

"As well as jailing him for six years, the Judge made Curtis subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order, which means upon his release he will not be allowed to have contact with children aged under 16 and will be banned from working with anyone under the age of 18. He will remain on the Sex Offenders Register for the rest of his life.

"I would like to commend the bravery of the victims in this case throughout the criminal investigation and court proceedings. If you have been affected by this case then I would urge you to make contact with officers within Hertfordshire Constabulary who are specially trained to deal with these types of offences and work with victims in a sensitive manner.

"I also understand that some victims may feel uncomfortable contacting police directly and may want to speak to another agency first.

"You can make a self-referral to a sexual assault referral centre (SARC), which provides comprehensive advice, guidance and support to men, women and young people who have experienced sexual assault, whether this happened in the past or recently. They can be contacted via the free telephone number 0808 178 4448 or 01442 270679."
