```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "It\u2019s a sad fact, but as the nights draw in, burglars take advantage of unlit homes to carry out their offending. The St Albans district was hit hard by burglars this time last year."
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Help us to deter burglars in St Albans this Autumn
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-us-to-deter-burglars-in-st-albans-this-autumn-0768f
```

* ## Help make your St Albans home secure as burglaries tend to increase once the clocks go back.

 * ## We will be increasing patrols but please keep an eye on your neighbours

 * ## Use timer switches on lights, consider investing in alarms, CCTV or doorbell cams, and report any suspicious behaviour.

It's a sad fact, but as the nights draw in, burglars take advantage of unlit homes to carry out their offending. The St Albans district was hit hard by burglars this time last year.

St Albans district Detective Inspector Ady Lysak said: "This year with more people working from home and fewer opportunities for people to go out due the pandemic, it's likely that burglaries will not be at critical levels in the St Albans district like they were last year.

"However, we do expect them to increase once the clocks go back on Sunday. We have robust plans in places which includes high-visibility and covert patrols and we know who some of our burglars are, so we keep an extra eye on them. But crucially, because we cannot be on every street 24 hours a day, I'd like to remind residents to make sure they **lock their windows and doors including double locking PVCu doors, use timer switches on lights, consider investing in alarms, CCTV or doorbell cams, and report any suspicious behaviour**. Please also make take the same crime prevention measures to protect your vehicles, sheds and out houses so that they are not tempting to an opportunist thief."

He said: "Being burgled is a real invasion of someone's privacy and some victims find it hard to adjust afterwards, so it's best for everyone if we can prevent it happening in the first place. If you suspect a burglar is in progress, call 999, so that we have the best chance of arresting the offenders."

_If you are burgled, what exactly can burglary victims expect from the police?_

When someone dials 999 to report a burglary, with intruders still at the address, all available police units will attend. Some officers will go to the address whilst back up officers will do an area search in the nearby streets and if appropriate, will call on the assistance of the tri-force police helicopter and dog units to help track down the burglars.

When a burglary is discovered retrospectively, officers will attend and take a crime report from the victim and conduct an initial investigation, including statements, initial house-to-house enquiries, crime scene preservation and they will offer victim support. Scenes of crime officers may attend to obtain forensic evidence. The Local Crime Unit will take on the investigation to preserve evidence, see if there are any similarities to other burglaries and identify potential offenders. They will also gather CCTV and review information (intelligence).

Officers will also look at the type of burglary, for example if they specifically targeted an address for high value gold or high value vehicles, whether it is a daytime or night-time burglary, any series or 'hotpots', how they got into the address (the MO modus operandi) whether it was via the front or back of the property and whether they conducted a tidy or untidy search.

Officers will also be supported by other departments across the Force and work closely with other Community Safety Partnerships (CSPs) and neighbouring forces as well as our Special Constables (volunteers with full police powers). Some of the work is overt but a lot of it is covert, including the use of analysts to look back historically to predict where the hotspots may be, to help allocate police resources.

For further information, go to our Herts police website. www.herts.police.uk/protectyourhome

If a burglary is in progress, call 999. You can also report online speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit St Albans echo and tell us your thoughts.

** **
