```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating two thefts from vehicles in Broxbourne have released an image of a man they wish to speak with in connection with the incidents.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2019
title: Appeal following theft from vehicles in Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-theft-from-vehicles-in-broxbourne-2400k
```

* ### Two BMWs were targeted in Broxbourne on Friday, January 11.

 * ### Both vehicles had parts of their steering wheels stolen.

 * ### Officers believe the man pictured may have information that could assist their investigation.

Police investigating two thefts from vehicles in Broxbourne have released an image of a man they wish to speak with in connection with the incidents.

The first incident occurred between 1.15am and 2am on Friday, January 11 in Sheridan Walk. The second occurred at around 3am on the same day in Trafalgar Avenue.

In the first incident two offenders gained access to a BMW and stole the steering wheel.

In the second incident two offenders approached a BMW in the road and one entered the vehicle and stole part of the steering wheel.

Officers believe the man pictured may have been in the area around the time of the incidents and may be able to assist them with their enquiries.

Anyone who recognises the man, witnessed the incidents or has any other information should contact PCSO Louise Roberts by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/3222/19. You can also report information online

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form. For more than 30 years Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

** **
