```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of a man who sadly died following a collision in Hatfield have paid tribute to him.
publish:
  date: 22 Apr 2020
title: Tribute to Freddie Oborne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-freddie-oborne-0057
```

* ### The family of a man who sadly died following a collision in Hatfield have paid tribute to him.

 * ### Frederick (Freddie) Oborne, aged 80 and from Hertford, was a keen athlete and loved cycling and triathlons.

 * ### Police are still appealing for witnesses and information.

The family of a man who sadly died following a collision in Hatfield have paid tribute to him.

Frederick (Freddie) Oborne, aged 80 and from Hertford, sadly passed away following the collision on the A414 on Monday 20 April.

He was a keen athlete, and particularly loved cycling and triathlons.

Freddie's family said: "Our dearly loved Dad, Grandad and Great Grandad. He will forever be in our hearts and minds, and he has now been reunited with his beloved Liz where he belongs."

The family are continuing to receive support from specially trained officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit and have asked that their privacy is respected at this time.

 * A 23 year old woman from Hertford was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. She has since been released under investigation. Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit are continuing to investigate the circumstances around the collision. If you have any information that could assist the enquiry and have not already spoken to police, please call 101 quoting reference **Op Ursinia**. You can also report information online, or speak to one of our call operators in the Force Communications Room via online web chat. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
