```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team gave away more than 50 alarms and DNA kits to tradespeople to help prevent vehicle and tool theft.
publish:
  date: 27 Sep 2018
title: Trades Day success
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/trades-day-success-All
```

* ### Safer Neighbourhood officers hold trade day.

 * ### More than 50 alarms DNA kits to tradespeople.

 * ### Supported by Royston First and North Herts District Council.

Officers from the Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team gave away more than 50 alarms and DNA kits to tradespeople to help prevent vehicle and tool theft.

The giveaway took place at a special Trades Day at Jewsons in Royston held on 10th September. Members of the team had their own stand where they were on hand to give advice and information about vehicle crime as well as handing out the kits.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Guy Westwood said: "This was a very well attended event and it was great for my team to meet so many tradespeople. The kits and alarms were very well received and we are very grateful to Royston First and North Herts District Council Royston Area Committee for funding the project."

"Tool theft and vehicle crime continues to be an issue across the county, but by taking a few simple crime prevention measures, people can help avoid becoming a target for thieves."

The DNA kits work by applying a small amount of the solution from within the kit to each item. The solution dries colourless, but glows under UV light. Each pot is unique and registered to the individual, allowing legitimate owners to be traced, and property to be returned. The alarms are to give vehicles an extra layer of protection. If anyone would like more information about how to prevent vehicle crime they are welcome to contact the office on 101 and speak to one of my team or our website has more information about how you can deter criminals from targeting your vehicle here.

If you witness anyone behaving suspiciously around vehicles and you believe a crime maybe in progress call 999 immediately. Anyone other information should be reported via the non-emergency number 101, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
