```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men have been sentenced for the role they played in supplying Class A drugs in North Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire.
publish:
  date: 26 Jan 2018
title: Three sentenced for supplying Class A drugs - North Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-sentenced-for-supplying-Class-A-drugs-North-Hertfordshire-and-Cambridgeshire-1523G
```

* ### Three men have been sentenced for the role they played in supplying Class A drugs in North Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire

 * ### It follows an investigation by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Group which began on November 30, 2015

 * ### Anyone with information about suspected drugs activity in their local area should call police on 101 or report information online

Three men have been sentenced for the role they played in supplying Class A drugs in North Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire.

It follows an investigation by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Serious and Organised Crime Group which began on November 30, 2015.

The following people were sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (Thursday, January 25):

 * Ricky Crotty, aged 27, of Cambridge Road, Wimpole has been sentenced to a total of 11 years in prison and has been issued a driving ban. He has also been given a Serious Crime Prevention Order* for five years.
 * Stephen Girling, aged 34, of Shakespeare, Royston has been sentenced to six years in prison.
 * Shaun Mansiri, aged 31, of Merlin Gardens, Romford has been sentenced to a total of eight and a half years in prison. He has also been given a Serious Crime Prevention Order for one year.

During the investigation, Crotty was identified as having a leading role in the crime group and was acquiring drugs for onward supply from Mansiri. Girling was identified as being a runner for Crotty.

Officers found that Mansiri employed the use of special phone software to try and evade police detection.

Crotty was arrested on January 16, 2017 and the following day was charged with conspiring to supply Class A drugs between January 1, 2016 and August 18, 2016 in Royston and surrounding areas. He was also charged with dangerous driving in relation to a police pursuit on August 16, 2016 in which he failed to stop and drove across arable fields near Fowlmere, Cambridgeshire. The vehicle was later found abandoned in woodland to the north east of Foxton.

Girling was arrested on February 7, 2017 and was subsequently charged with conspiring to supply Class A drugs between January 1, 2016 and August 18, 2016 in Royston and surrounding areas.

Mansiri was arrested on August 3, 2017 and the following day was charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, possessing a bladed article and possessing a false identity document in the form of a driving licence.

A fourth man, Danny Stimpson, aged 37, of Sheringham Avenue, Romford, was arrested on January 12, 2017 and the following day was charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs between August 1, 2016 and August 17, 2016 in North Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire. He was also charged with possessing 2.3 grams of cocaine. He was acquitted by the jury of the conspiracy charge and pleaded guilty to the possession charge.

Detective Inspector James Luxon said: "Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to keeping all our communities safe from organised crime, drug dealing and linked offending and this operation has prevented Class A drugs making their way onto the streets of our county.

"This crime group has had a massive impact on the local community and this is an excellent result which I hope sends out a clear message to those involved in dealing drugs.

"We are always working proactively to gain intelligence on drugs offences and I would urge any members of the public who suspect there is drugs activity in their local area to please report it to us. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender."

Anyone who has any information should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report. If there is a crime in progress always call 999.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

*Serious Crime Prevention Orders (SCPOs) are civil orders to prevent or deter serious crime. Breach of a SCPO is a criminal offence.
