```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a robbery in Watford have released an image of man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: CCTV appeal following robbery in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-robbery-in-watford-1327
```

* ### Officers are hoping to identify a man they think could help with their enquiries following a robbery in Watford.

 * ### On Monday 31 December, an iPhone XR was stolen.

 * ### It is alleged that the suspect had a knife, though nothing was seen.

Officers investigating a robbery in Watford have released an image of man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their enquiries.

On Tuesday 31 December, at around 10.30am, the suspect approached the victim on Watford High Street and stole his mobile phone - a black iPhone XR.

It is alleged that the suspect had a knife, though nothing was seen.

Investigator Ian Blackledge, who is investigating, said: "We'd like to speak to the man pictured, as we believe that he may have been in the High Street around the same time, and might be able to help us with our investigation. If you recognise him, please get in touch.

"Alternatively, if you were in the area at the time, and believe you may have witnessed the incident or seen someone behaving suspiciously, please let us know."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Investigator Blackledge directly via email at ian.blackledge@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/116919/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
