```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Residents are invited to share their suggestions on the issues that police in Welwyn Hatfield should be prioritising over the next few months.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2019
title: "Have your say on Welwyn Hatfield\u2019s policing priorities"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-welwyn-hatfields-policing-priorities-1153b
```

* ## Residents are invited to share their suggestions on the issues that police in Welwyn Hatfield should be prioritising.

 * ## The latest priority setting forum will be live streamed on Twitter.

 * ## Residents can submit questions in advance.

Residents are invited to share their suggestions on the issues that police in Welwyn Hatfield should be prioritising over the next few months.

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team will be holding a priority setting forum on Wednesday 18 December to discuss the pressing issues in Welwyn Hatfield and which should be prioritised over the next three months, working alongside partners within the Community Safety Partnership (CSP).

The Welwyn Hatfield CSP is made up of representatives from the responsible authorities, including police, the local council, fire and rescue, probation and health. The priority setting forum will be led by Inspector Wayne Nash from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood team, and attended by local councillors and public body representatives.

The Constabulary will once again be live-streaming the meeting on Twitter so that members of the public can watch online. In addition, Welwyn Hatfield residents will be able to submit questions online to Inspector Nash throughout the meeting.
Inspector Nash said: "I want to make sure that the public's voice is heard when we decide on the next set of policing priorities.

"I would encourage any Welwyn Hatfield residents who are going to watch the meeting on Wednesday, to interact with us and submit your views so that we can discuss them.

"To submit your views while you watch, visit slido.com and enter WELHAT1812. Simply choose the area you live in (maps attached) and then put your street name or ward before your question or comment.

"Submissions can be entered anonymously and you don't have to wait until Wednesday to submit your views as they can also be submitted in advance.
"I look forward to hearing from as many Welwyn Hatfield residents as possible and working with you and your local councillors to help fix the issues that matter most to you."

The live-stream will start at 7pm on Wednesday 18 December on the Herts Police Twitter page.

If you can't make the meeting, you can let us know at any time what matters most to you about crime and anti-social behaviour where you live, using our 'echo' service. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat have your say.

Map 1: Welwyn Hatfield West

Map 2: Welwyn Hatfield South

Map 3: Welwyn Hatfield North
