```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a fatal collision in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2018
title: "Appeal for witnesses following fatal road traffic collision \u2013 Rickmansworth"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-rickmansworth-0585C
```

* ### Police investigating a fatal collision on Park Road, Rickmansworth, on July 24, are appealing for information and witnesses.

 * ### Sadly the driver of the car, a red Kia Cerato, passed away in hospital the following day.

 * ### Did you witness what happened but have not yet spoken to police? Do you have any further information that could assist the investigation? Please call 101 quoting ISR 413 of July 24.

Officers investigating a fatal collision in Rickmansworth are appealing for information and witnesses.

The collision occurred on Park Road just before 1.45pm on Tuesday 24th July.

A red Kia Cerato was travelling in the direction of Croxley Green when, for reasons unknown at this stage, the vehicle left the carriageway and came to rest in the front garden of a nearby property.

The driver, a man in his 80s, was airlifted to a London hospital in a serious condition. Despite doctors' best efforts, he sadly passed away the following day.

His family are being supported by specially-trained family liaison officers.

Assistant Investigator Emma Cozens, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Forensic Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Sadly a man lost his life as a result of this collision and our thoughts are with his family at this time.

"It is now our job to investigate the circumstances around the collision and determine exactly what happened.

"A number of witnesses came forward to speak to police at the scene on the day of the collision and we would like to thank them for doing so.

"However, we are keen to know whether anyone else was travelling in the area around the time stated and has a dash cam fitted to their vehicle.

"If you think you may have footage that could assist us with our investigation, please email, report online or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 413 of July 24."

Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
