```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are releasing CCTV footage of a road traffic collision involving a drink driver to illustrate the dangers of getting behind the wheel when over the limit.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2018
title: CCTV footage released to highlight dangers of drink driving
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-footage-released-to-highlight-dangers-of-drink-driving-1477D
```

* ### Police are releasing CCTV footage of a drink-driver to stress the dangers of getting behind the wheel when over the limit.

 * ### This drink-driver put his own life, the life of his passengers and the general public at risk through his reckless behaviour.

 * ### He has been banned from driving for two years and must pass an extended test before regaining his licence.

Officers are releasing CCTV footage of a road traffic collision involving a drink driver to illustrate the dangers of getting behind the wheel when over the limit.

PC Daniel Webb said: "This drink-driver drove down Maxted Road at speed and failed to turn at the junction with Swallowdale Lane. Instead CCTV footage shows the vehicle leaving the ground and crashing into the car park of a business premises, narrowly missing an electrical substation.

"He not only put his own life at risk but also the life of his two passengers. His reckless behaviour could have also put other road users and wider members of the public at risk of serious injury or even death.

"This CCTV footage demonstrates how good driving judgement is compromised when a motorist has been drinking alcohol, which also creates a feeling of overconfidence and slows down your reactions."

The legal drink drive limit is 35 micrograms of alcohol per 100ml of breath, which equates to roughly* four units of alcohol for men and three for women before you become legally unfit to drive.

PC Webb added: "Any amount of alcohol will negatively affect your ability to drive. We advise that if you're drinking, even just one, please don't drive. Instead arrange for an alternative way to get home."

If you suspect someone is going to drive while under the influence of drink or drugs, call 999 immediately and give the operator as much information as possible. This will help us reduce the number of drink drivers on our roads.

 * Ross Edmonds, aged 26 and of Bowmans Court in Hemel Hempstead, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, drink driving and failing to stop at the scene of an accident at Luton Crown Court on Tuesday (January 16). He was given a 12 month custodial sentence suspended for two years and a six month curfew from 7pm to 7am. He has been banned from driving for two years and must pass an extended test to regain his licence.
 * The court heard that Edmonds had been drinking in the town centre when he decided to get behind the wheel. His two friends were travelling with him when the collision occurred in the early hours of March 12, 2017.

** ** *This is a rough figure as it is impossible to say how many units or drinks 35 micrograms represents, as everyone metabolises alcohol at different rates.
