```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: As detectives continue to investigate a series of indecent exposures in East Herts, Chief Inspector Stuart Orton has moved to reassure the public that everything possible is being done to catch whoever is responsible.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Message from Chief Inspector following exposures in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/message-from-chief-inspector-following-exposures-in-east-herts-all
```

* ### Police are investigating several incidents in Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth.

 * ### They are urging the public to keep reporting information.

 * ### Enquiries are continuing.

As detectives continue to investigate a series of indecent exposures in East Herts, Chief Inspector Stuart Orton has moved to reassure the public that everything possible is being done to catch whoever is responsible.

Police are currently investigating several incidents where a man reported to be wearing a full-face mask has indecently exposed himself to women in Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth.

CI Orton said: "We continue to take this matter incredibly seriously as we fully understand the level of concern this disturbing behaviour is causing among the local community.

"Detectives from the East Herts Local Crime Unit remain committed to bringing an end to this distressing series and are also now working alongside our colleagues in Essex to identify the offender(s).

"We have been reviewing any available CCTV footage and searching areas for any evidence where incidents have taken place as part of our enquiries. Alongside this, we have been carrying out additional patrols in affected areas, but my officers cannot be in these areas at all times and the offender is moving locations to evade capture. Although my officers are following every possible lead, we are still dependent upon people contacting us to give us vital community intelligence that will lead to the identification of the offender.

"We understand that some people may not feel they can report incidents such as this to police but, to give us the best possible chance of tracing a suspect, we would urge anyone who witnesses a similar incident to please contact 999 immediately so that officers can attend as soon as possible. By downloading the 'What 3 Words' app on a smartphone, you can also help pinpoint the specific location of the offence, to give officers the best chance of capturing any potential evidence.

"If you have previously witnessed a similar incident in the local area and have not yet reported it to police, please do so via the non-emergency number 101, as you may have the vital piece of information we are looking for.

"Lastly, I would urge anyone who may have information about who is responsible to please get in touch. Have you noticed a neighbour, friend or family member acting suspiciously? Someone out there must know something.

"If you would prefer to remain anonymous, you can report information through Crimestoppers."

Anyone with information should contact the East Herts Local Crime Unit by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Raft. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * A 53-year-old man from Bishop's Stortford was arrested in June on suspicion of seven counts of indecent exposure. He remains under investigation at this time.
