```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "We are joining in the celebrations for this week\u2019s International Control Room Week 2020 (Monday 19 October - Sunday 25 October)."
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: Celebrating International Control Room Week
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/herts-police-celebrate-international-control-room-week-0762
```

* ### We are celebrating our #UnsungHeroes this week as part of International Control Room Week.

 * ### Our Force Communications Room officers and staff are there 24/7 for those in their hour of need.

 * ### For every social media mention of #UnsungHeroes this week, APD Communications will donate £1 to mental health charities.

We are joining in the celebrations for this week's International Control Room Week 2020 (Monday 19 October - Sunday 25 October.)

The week is designed as a way to thank those unsung heroes who are always at the end of the phone when we need help, keeping us calm, reassuring us and updating us.

Herts Constabulary's Force Communications Room (FCR) manager Vanessa Green said: "Our dedicated FCR officers and staff are there 24/7 when members of our community are in their hour of need.

"This week is a way to thank them and show appreciation for their incredible dedication, professionalism, empathy and understanding."

Communications Operator Ashleigh is a new recruit to the FCR, having joined after attending an open evening about the position, and has enjoyed his training and starting his new role.

He said: "I have only been here since August, but I like the level of community and support that comes from colleagues, and everyone wants to help each other.

"I've only had a few difficult calls so far, but I find if you remain level headed and calm, people will calm down with you or before you know it you have resolved the issue or put things in place to resolve it and the call is over.

"I'd definitely recommend this job to others. It's enjoyable considering the nature of what we do.

"The hardest bit is getting used to shift patterns which I've rapidly grown to love."

Fellow Communications Operator Emily added: "This job instantly appealed to me, as it meant I could be the first point of contact in an emergency situation without being directly involved as a front-line responder.

"The rate of calls that come through to the FCR means that you are constantly dealing with a variety of situations, you can never predict what call will come through next.

"Some of the calls that come through to the police can be quite challenging.

"No day is ever the same, you speak with different people reporting different crimes every day.

"Helping people from over the phone and knowing that you had a positive impact on their lives is not something you can do from many other jobs."

Jack, who has worked in the FCR for three years, said: "The allure of being involved from contact to resolution, catching the bad guys and helping the most vulnerable attracted me to the communications operator role.

"In this job you will hear everything; from callers needing general advice, issues with parking, petty theft and shoplifting all the way up to the most horrific serious crimes.

"You will be the voice in the darkness in somebody's absolute moment of need."

For every mention of #UnsungHeroes across social media during 19 - 25 October 2020, APD Communications will donate £1 to the Mind Charity and the Scottish Association for Mental Health.
