```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: On Friday, March 29 a man was sentenced to seven and a half years in prison at Harrow Crown Court after he pleaded guilty to stabbing a man in an unprovoked attack in Cheshunt last year (2018).
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2019
title: Man jailed for stabbing Good Samaritan
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-stabbing-good-samaritan-0001-k
```

* ### Luke Latham has been jailed for seven and a half years following the unprovoked attack.

 * ### The victim sustained a 10cm slash to his face, requiring stitches.

 * ### The incident happened in October last year (2018).

On Friday, March 29 a man was sentenced to seven and a half years in prison at Harrow Crown Court after he pleaded guilty to stabbing a man in an unprovoked attack in Cheshunt last year (2018).

On Saturday, October 13, Luke Latham, 21 and of no fixed address, was with his partner in the car park of the Marriott Hotel in Halfhide Lane. The couple argued and Latham punched the woman.

A man in his 30s was driving along the road when he spotted the woman fall to the ground after being hit by Latham.

The man got out of his car and told Latham to leave the woman alone. Latham approached the man, took out a knife and slashed the man's face. The 10 centimetre wound extended all the way from the victim's eye, down his cheek to the bottom of his nose.

After the assault, Latham ran away. The victim was aided by members of the public until the police and ambulance service arrived.

Latham was subsequently found and arrested. He was remanded after being charged with assault occasioning grievous bodily harm, possession of a bladed article and common assault.

In early March Latham was due to stand trial, but changed his plea to guilty after evidence was presented to the court from his mobile phone. The device contained many messages from Latham requesting help and saying he had stabbed someone.

At the sentencing hearing, Latham was sentenced to six years and nine months imprisonment for the assault against the man, six months (to run concurrently) for possession of a bladed article and two months (to run consecutively) for assaulting the woman.

Additionally, Latham was sentenced to seven months imprisonment (to run consecutively) for breaching a suspended sentence imposed in 2017, which was in relation to an offence of possession of a bladed article.

Broxbourne Local Crime Unit Detective Constable Martin Sturgess led the investigation. He said: "This was a callous and violent assault against a man who was only attempting to help a woman in distress. The victim did nothing to warrant such a wholly unjustified and unprovoked attack from Latham.

"I hope Latham now uses his time in prison to reflect on what he did and this should send a strong and clear message to anyone considering carrying a knife.

"If you use a knife as a weapon, we will use all the powers at our disposal to bring you to justice and you can expect to be sent to prison. In addition to this, if you carry a knife you should understand the very real risks and consequences of coming to harm yourself, or causing serious harm to someone else."
