```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of assault in Hertford are releasing images of three people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2018
title: CCTV appeal following assault - Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-assault-Hertford-1725A
```

* ### Police would like to speak to the three men pictured as part of their enquiries following an assault in Hertford.

 * ### The victim was assaulted outside the taxi rank in Fore Street.

 * ### He lost consciousness for a short time and suffered a cut to his right eye.

 * ### Anyone who recognises the men pictured are asked to contact officers.

Officers investigating an incident of assault in Hertford are releasing images of three people they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

Between 2.30am and 2.45am on Saturday, December 23, the victim - a man aged in his 20s - was assaulted outside the taxi rank in Fore Street.

PC Kayleigh Piper, who is investigating, said: "The assault caused the victim to lose consciousness for a short time. He suffered a cut below his right eye, which required stitches, and severe swelling.

"We've conducted significant enquiries and now need to speak to the people pictured as they may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone who recognises the people pictured or has information about the incident that could assist police is asked to contact PC Piper, or calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/17/4241 or reporting information online at report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
