```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A police officer from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team is keen to warn the public about the dangers and consequences of groups of individuals playing Irish Bowls in Welham Green\u2019s country lanes."
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2017
title: Sergeant appeals for information to stop dangerous game in Welham Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sergeant-appeals-for-information-to-stop-dangerous-game-WelhamGreen-1147B
```

* ### A dangerous past time is putting roads users' lives at risk.

 * ### The game is an offence.

 * ### Police are appealing for any witnesses to get in contact.

A police officer from the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team is keen to warn the public about the dangers and consequences of groups of individuals playing Irish Bowls in Welham Green's country lanes.

Irish Bowls involves around 30-40 people and the aim of the game is to throw a metal ball along a winding road in as few throws as possible. The game can last for hours. For the past two years some members of the public have been taking part in this past time along the length of Bulls Lane in Welham Green.

**Welwyn Hatfield South 's Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant Steve Hynes, said:** "The stretch of road where this game is played in Welham Green is open to motorists and pedestrians.

"The speed limit on the road is 60mph and motorists using it can turn a corner and find a group of 30-40 people playing this game on the road in front of them. This is not only highly dangerous for the players and the motorists, but it is an offence under Section 161 of the Highways Act and those involved could face prosecution.

"We have warned those playing a number of times and will now take further action if the game continues. I would urge the public to help us put a stop to this dangerous past time by reporting to us when they witness it happening."

Anyone with information about Irish Bowls being playing in Welham Green or any other area of Hatfield is asked to contact to report it via the non-emergency number 101.
