```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary at a restaurant in Harpenden are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following burglary at restaurant in Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-at-restaurant-in-Harpenden
```

* ### Three offenders gained access to the Cinnamon restaurant in Harpenden at around 4.30am on Wednesday, January 31.

 * ### They took a cash box and made off towards The Putterills.

 * ### The offenders are believed to be men and are described as being of slim to athletic build and wearing hooded tops.

Officers investigating a burglary at a restaurant in Harpenden are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 4.30am on Wednesday, January 31, three offenders gained access to the Cinnamon restaurant in Thompson Close and stole a cash box.

The offenders are believed to be men and are described as being of slim to athletic build and wearing hooded tops. One of the offenders was carrying a bag and another was wearing a top with a bright badge on the left hand side of the chest area.

PCSO Tom Perrin said: "We know that the offenders made off towards The Putterills and were also in the Westfield Road area. I'm appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in these areas or around the Cinnamon restaurant to get in touch with me as you may have information that could assist our investigation."

Anyone with information can contact PCSO Tom Perrin by emailing tom.perrin@herts.pnn.police.uk, call Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F2/18/244 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively provide information anonymously via the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
