```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Broxbourne Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has appointed new Chief Inspector, Craig Flint, who takes over the role on Monday, August 20.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2018
title: New Chief Inspector for Broxbourne
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-chief-inspector-for-broxbourne-1649k
```

* ### New Chief Inspector appointed in Broxbourne.

 * ### CI Flint takes over as of 20 August.

 * ### Tackling gang, knife and violent crime will be amongst his top priorities.

The Broxbourne Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has appointed new Chief Inspector, Craig Flint, who takes over the role on Monday, August 20.

Craig, takes over from Chief Inspector Ian Butler, who is moving on to the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit.

Craig joined Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2003 and was originally based in Watford, working as a Safer Neighbourhood PC in Oxhey, before being promoted to Sergeant. He then moved to the Dacorum Local Crime Unit and worked as a Detective Sergeant, becoming Detective Inspector in 2008, where he stayed until 2012. He then worked as Duty Inspector for St Albans and Dacorum Intervention teams between 2012 and 2013.

In 2013 Craig moved to the Offender Management Unit and worked as Detective Inspector until 2015. He was then seconded to the Ministry of Justice to work on a GPS Tagging and Transforming Rehabilitation programme between 2015 and 2018. During this time he ran a successful GPS tagging pilot, on behalf of eight police forces, managing offenders in the community.

Craig returned to Hertfordshire in April this year, working as the area Detective Inspector for Dacorum, until his promotion to Chief Inspector.

Originally from North London, Craig moved to Hertfordshire in 1995, living locally with his partner and young son. He is a keen swimmer and has represented the Constabulary at the National PSUK Championships.

Chief Inspector for Broxbourne Craig Flint said: "I come to Broxbourne with a strong crime background and experience of local policing, so I'm looking forward to a new challenge as the District Commander for Broxbourne.

"I am committed to working with local partners and through positive engagement with Broxbourne's diverse communities, reducing crime and creating an even safer borough, tackling gang-related offending, violent and knife crime.

"I am dedicated to reducing crime and not just keeping people safe, but also ensuring that they feel safe, by addressing the fear of crime in partnership with local stakeholders".

Chief Inspector Craig Flint
