```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 14-year-old boy has been sentenced to seven years after threatening a man with a knife and stabbing a teenager in Letchworth Garden City, leaving him seriously injured.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2018
title: "Teenager sentenced after stabbing a 15-year-old boy \u2013 Letchworth Garden City"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-sentenced-after-stabbing-a-15-year-old-boy-letchworth-garden-city
```

* ### A 14-year-old boy will serve five years at a Youth Detention Centre and a further two years on licence

 * ### He pleaded guilty to three offences after threatening a man with a knife and then stabbing his younger brother in the neck

 * ### The victim had to spend five days in hospital before then being later readmitted due to complications with his wound

A 14-year-old boy has been sentenced to seven years after threatening a man with a knife and stabbing a teenager in Letchworth Garden City, leaving him seriously injured.

The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared before St Albans Crown Court for sentencing today (Monday, December 10) after pleading guilty to Section 18 grievous bodily harm with intent, having an article with a blade in a public place and threatening another with a bladed article.

He will serve five years in a Youth Detention Centre before serving a further two years on licence.

On the afternoon of Friday, June 8 this year the first victim, aged in his 20s, was walking along Broadway when he saw the defendant cycling past.

Words were exchanged before the defendant dismounted his bike and approached the first victim, attempted to punch him before pulling a knife from his pocket. He brandished it towards the victim, who managed to grab the defendant's hands and plead with him to stop before he left the scene.

Just half an hour later the defendant approached three people - one of which was the second victim - in Jackmans Place.

The second victim is aged 15 and the brother of the first victim. The offender, again on his bike, began verbally abusing the group and pulled out a folding knife, threatening them with it, before stabbing the 15-year-old in the neck. He then got back on his bike and cycled away.

The victim walked a short distance before collapsing and receiving first aid from a passer-by. He was taken to hospital where he stayed for five days, before being readmitted when he suffered complications. He has since fully recovered from his injury. The offender was arrested three days later, on June 11.

**Detective Constable Gary Larkman, from the North Herts Local Crime Unit, said:** "This was an incident involving a group of people known to one another. The offender reacted aggressively over a debt of £20 owed to him, before choosing to use a knife to stab his victim. He then left the area without any concern for the victim's welfare.

"This could have easily been a murder investigation, such was the severity of the victim's injury, but thankfully he pulled through.

"I hope the sentence handed down today gives the offender a chance to reflect on his actions and realise that by carrying and using a knife, he has had a lasting negative impact on both the victim's life and his own."

**_Are you feeling pressurised to carry a knife?_**

_If you find yourself involved in a gang and your friends carry knives, maybe you 're under pressure to do so as well. Your friends might tell you that you'll be respected or even feared for carrying a weapon. Maybe they say you'll need it for protection. But all it really does is put you and your friends in greater danger._

_Perhaps there's more to it than that - maybe you feel threatened by your friends and feel you need to carry a weapon for your own protection. What could be happening is that you're being bullied into doing something you don't want to do._

 * _If you don't take a knife with you, it can't be used_

 * walking away is often the hardest thing to do, but it's the safest and won't get you into trouble with the police

 * It is illegal to carry a knife and if caught you could face up to four years in prison

 * If you do feel pressured to carry a knife, speak to someone you trust like a family member, teacher or police officer to get support
