```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Precious metal contained in catalytic converters make them tempting for thieves and the St Albans district has been targeted with 17 thefts already this month.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2020
title: Thieves are targeting catalytic converters across the St Albans district
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thieves-are-targeting-catalytic-converters-across-the-st-albans-district-0919f
```

* ## The St Albans district has been targeted with 17 catalytic converters thefts this month.

 * ## Report any suspicious behaviour around vehicles to us.

 * ## Make it harder for opportunist thieves by following our simple crime prevention advice.

Precious metal contained in catalytic converters make them tempting for thieves and the St Albans district has been targeted with 17 thefts already this month.

To get to the catalytic converter, which are fitted to the exhaust system, thieves need to get underneath the vehicle or jack it up.

"With more people continuing to work from home, activity by your neighbours' car may seem out of place," said St Albans district Detective Inspector Ady Lysak. "If you have your suspicions about activity near vehicles - especially Toyota, Honda and Lexus makes - please let us know so we have every chance of catching the thieves in the act. We would also be interested in any doorbell or dash cam footage of thefts. The good news is there are some things you can do to help make your vehicle less attractive to an opportunist thief (see below)."

_Catalytic converters from a Toyota Yaris and a Toyota Prius were stolen from an address in Trumpington Drive at 8.40pm on 20 November. Four men in balaclavas were seen at the time._

_Catalytic converters were stolen from a Mazda on 12 November and a Lexus on 10 November, both from Admirals Close in London Colney._

_A catalytic converter was stolen from a Lexus parked in Wellington Road between 9 November and 11 November._

In order to minimise the chance of becoming a victim of catalytic converter theft we offer the following advice:

 * Lock your car in a garage when parked at night.
 * When using a garage is not possible, park close to fences, walls or a kerb with the exhaust being closest to the fence, wall or kerb to make theft difficult.
 * Consider fitting CCTV on your home or driveway, to help deter thieves.
 * Use PIR or LED security lighting to make your vehicle more visible and this can also act as a deterrent.
 * If your catalytic converter is bolted on, consider having the bolts welded to make removal difficult.
 * Fit protective coverings on catalytic converters, such as the Toyota manufactured CATLOC device, (these are made for Toyota Prius made between 2004 and 2009) as these can make it much more difficult for thieves.
 * Have your catalytic converter etched or forensically marked, and put stickers in the windscreen to say this has been done.
 * Look for car parks with a Secured Car Park sign which have recognised levels of security. If you have a garage at home, ensure you use it and lock it properly.
 * Noisy gravel on your drive can help deter a would-be thief, as they don't want to alert you to their approach.

Follow us on Facebook and Twitter **@ St Albans Police**.

You can report information or intelligence online or by speaking to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat. You can also call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
