```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit have launched a murder investigation after a man who was shot on Tuesday (December 4) sadly died in hospital yesterday (Wednesday).
publish:
  date: 6 Dec 2018
title: Murder investigation launched after man shot in Hoddesdon dies
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/murder-investigation-launched-after-man-shot-in-hoddesdon-dies-2188K
```

* ### A man aged in his 20s has sadly died following a shooting in Hoddesdon on Tuesday (December 4).

 * ### Police from the Major Crime Unit have arrested a 16 year old boy from Broxbourne on suspicion of murder.

 * ### Officers are continuing to appeal for information and witnesses.

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Major Crime Unit have launched a murder investigation after a man who was shot on Tuesday (December 4) sadly died in hospital yesterday (Wednesday).

Detectives are continuing to appeal for witnesses and information, whilst specially trained officers are supporting his next of kin.

Police were called to Ogard Road at 9.25pm on Tuesday after it was reported that the man - aged in his 20s - had sustained a gunshot wound to his face.

A 16 year old boy from Broxbourne has today (Thursday) been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody at this time.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, who is leading the investigation, said: "A young man has lost his life in devastating circumstances. Our thoughts are very much with the victim's family during this absolutely tragic and distressing time and we continue to support them."

Ogard Road and parts of Castle Road remain closed whilst police investigate the incident and there continues to be a highly visible presence of officers in the area.

DCI Kent continued: "As part of our investigation, we would like to speak with anyone who was in the following areas between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Tuesday: Ogard Road, Castle Road, Old Highway, Old Highway Recreation Ground Lee Road and St Cuthberts Road.

"Did you see what happened or a group of people in the area around this time? If so, please get in touch."

Anyone who has information in relation to this incident is asked to contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference ISR 827 of December 4, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
