```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have made a number of arrests as part of a crackdown on drug crime in Croxley Green.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2017
title: Police crackdown on drugs in Croxley Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-crackdown-on-drugs-in-Croxley-Green
```

* ### Police tackle drug crime in Croxley Green.

 * ### Four arrested and released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * ### If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please contact police.

Police have made a number of arrests as part of a crackdown on drug crime in Croxley Green.

A 47-year-old man was arrested on Monday, October 16 on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B cannabis, after a quantity of the drug was found at an address.

On October 10, an 18-year-old man riding a motorbike was stopped by officers on patrol. Two small bags of herbal cannabis were found and a further quantity was discovered during a subsequent search of a nearby address. Cash was also seized.

The man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B cannabis.

On September 23, two people were arrested after they allegedly made off from police and were then stopped and searched.

A 15-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class B. A 22-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A and class B drugs, theft from motor vehicle, possession of an offensive weapon and proceeds of crime act offences.

All four have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Neil Canning said: "Drugs and the crimes often associated with them, can have a huge impact on local communities. We are determined to do all we can to tackle the issue and would ask members of the public to help us by reporting any suspicious activity so we can take appropriate action. If you are involved in drug crime, it's only a matter of time before we catch up with you."

If you suspect drug crime in your neighbourhood, please contact police on the non-emergency number **101** or use the online reporting form on the Herts Police website.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
