```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Over 16,000 Dacorum residents already receive regular emails about local crime in their neighbourhood \u2013 but the Safer Neighbourhood Team is hoping to boost that number by Easter to help reduce crime and anti-social behaviour and improve community spirit."
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2018
title: Help keep your neighbourhood safe
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Help-keep-your-neighbourhood-safe-1682D
```

* ### Sign up to receive emails from Neighbourhood Watch about crime in Dacorum.

 * ### Help reduce crime and anti-social behaviour and improve community spirit.

 * ### Sign up via the Online Watch Link www.owl.co.uk.

Over 16,000 Dacorum residents already receive regular emails about local crime in their neighbourhood - but the Safer Neighbourhood Team is hoping to boost that number by Easter to help reduce crime and anti-social behaviour and improve community spirit.

"Residents signed up to Neighbourhood Watch (NHW) via the Online Watch Link (OWL) receive messages about crimes including burglaries and robberies in their area, crime prevention advice and it is also used to help look for missing people," explained Julian Randall-Stratton. "Thousands of residents are already benefiting but we would like to increase the membership across Dacorum. Not only are members of the public our ears and eyes within their neighbourhoods but it also encourages a sense of community responsibility. We often get calls from NHW members about suspicious incidents which police can act on and potentially help prevent crimes from happening."

All you have to do is sign up to OWL via the Online Watch Link **.** You will be asked for your name, address (so you receive emails relevant to your neighbourhood) and your email address. Alternatively, speak to PCSO Randall-Stratton or email or call 101 and ask to speak to your local PCSO. Details can be found via herts.police.uk

You can also contact Dacorum Watch Liaison Officer Phil Waine on 07736 478656 or NHW district Co-ordinator Sandra Jackson.

Residents do not have to do anything once they have signed up, although we encourage members to watch out for their neighbours and share our advice with neighbours or relatives who do not have email.
