```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police have issued 14 fixed penalty notices following a breach of the current lockdown regulations in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2021
title: Police issue 14 COVID-19 fines following party in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-issue-14-covid-19-fines-following-party-in-hatfield-1163
```

* ### At around 1am on Sunday (31 January), officers were called to reports of a party at a house in Eagle Way

 * ### A number of residents and local students were in the house and subsequently, 14 £200 COVID-19 fines were issued

 * ### Officers are working closely with the University of Hertfordshire and the public is being reminded to follow the rules

Police have issued 14 fixed penalty notices following a breach of the current lockdown regulations in Hatfield.

At around 1am on Sunday (31 January), officers were called to reports of a party at a house in Eagle Way.

Officers attended the scene and found a number of residents and local students in the house. Subsequently, 14 £200 COVID-19 fines were issued and the University of Hertfordshire was notified.

Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "Those present attempted to make off from the property once they spotted police which is a clear sign that they knew they were breaching the COVID regulations.

"We are doing everything we can to make sure that the regulations are being adhered to and I hope that our response is reassuring to local residents. We're working closely with the University of Hertfordshire and I would like to stress that it is only a small number of students who have caused us issues - in this case, eight of those involved. We have a dedicated University Policing Team who focus on issues affecting the student population and they have been following up with those involved. I want to thank all those students who are following the rules and doing what is right.

"I'm sure we all feel frustrated by lockdown but with the death rate so high there is no excuse for complacency. To those tempted to breach regulations, please think long and hard about those actions. We have a moral duty to play our part and help save lives. Breaching the regulations sets us all back and is completely selfish when others have made sacrifices."

A spokesperson from the University of Hertfordshire said: "The safety of our community is our absolute priority and we do not condone this behaviour. We will take appropriate action against any student found to have blatantly breached COVID-19 rules. If a student has been found to have breached COVID-19 rules, they will be disciplined in line with the University's disciplinary policy. There are a number of sanctions we can apply for breach of code, including warnings, fines, suspensions and exclusions. The vast majority of our students are following the guidelines, and we will continue to work with the police and take action against those who are not."

For further information on the current restrictions, you can visit the Government website.

Officers continue to be out in communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly and follow coronavirus rules. Enforcement action will be taken if necessary. The constabulary has targeted patrols in high footfall areas and is working with local authorities, licensing authorities and businesses to ensure the rules are being followed, identifying hotspot areas where necessary.

You should only leave home or travel for one of the permitted reasons set out in the 'stay at home' instruction. Exercise should be local and limited to once a day locally.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
