```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three people have been charged with offences in connection with alleged hare coursing following a police pursuit on Thursday (February 1).
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2018
title: Three people charged following alleged hare coursing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-people-charged-following-alleged-hare-coursing-1572A
```

* ### Three people have been charged following alleged hare coursing in East Herts.

 * ### Police carried out arrests after spotting alleged suspicious activity in Standon.

 * ### The men are due to appear in court on February 28.

 * ### Hare coursing - which has been illegal in the UK since 2005 - involves the pursuit of a hare with a greyhound or other form of sight hound.

Three people have been charged with offences in connection with alleged hare coursing following a police pursuit on Thursday (February 1).

At approximately 1.20pm, officers, who were conducting routine patrols, came across a suspicious car on land at New Street Farm, Standon. Officers believed those with the vehicle were involved in hare coursing* and attempted to stop them.

The vehicle made off from police and officers pursued it.

A short time later three men were arrested and the vehicle was seized. Two dogs that were inside the car were taken into the care of the local authority.

Sergeant Duncan Wallace from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We will not tolerate hare coursing in Hertfordshire and work with farmers to identify and arrest those who engage in this illegal and cruel activity."

"I would encourage anyone who sees suspicious behaviour or suspects that hare coursing is taking place to contact police as soon as possible via 101 or report information online _. If you witness hare coursing in progress always dial 999. "_

 * Brian Bastin, aged 27, of Horsham Road, Dorking, has been charged with trespassing in the pursuit of game, woodcocks, snipes or conies and criminal damage to a farmer's field.
 * Matthew Ede, aged 27, of Warwick Close, Dorking, has been charged with trespassing in the pursuit of game, woodcocks, snipes or conies.
 * Aaron Smith, aged 24, of New causeway, Reigate, has been charged with trespassing in the pursuit of game, woodcocks, snipes or conies

They have all been bailed and are due to appear at North East Herts Magistrates Court on Wednesday, February 28. As part of their bail conditions they are banned from entering Hertfordshire unless attending court.
