```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a burglary in Flamstead have released images of jewellery stolen in the break in.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2018
title: Do you recognise this jewellery? Flamstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-this-jewellery-flamstead-0186D
```

* ### Images released of stolen jewellery.

 * ### Break in occurred in Flamstead on Thursday May 3.

 * ### If you've seen these items since please contact police.

Police investigating a burglary in Flamstead have released images of jewellery stolen in the break in.

Between 12.45pm and 12.57pm on Thursday May 3, offenders forced entry to a property in Singlets Lane via a side door.

They have then entered the property and conducted a search. They have taken a number of pieces of jewellery, including a diamond platinum eternity ring, a single stone diamond ring and a Dreyfuss & Co rose gold watch with brown leather strap.

The break in is being investigated by the Dacorum Local Crime Unit. Images of some of the stolen items have been released in order to facilitate the investigation.

Investigator Deborah Newsham said: "These items were of great sentimental value to their owners. They are distinctive and may have been offered to people for sale in suspicious circumstances. If you believe you have seen them since the break in, please get in touch.

"I would also like to ask anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area at the time including a dark coloured vehicle that was seen parked near to the house on the day of the burglary."

Anyone with information is asked to contact police via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/18/3678, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Stolen jewellery
