```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after an arsonist wearing a clown mask set fire to the front door of a terraced house in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses after arson in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-arson-in-hatfield-0486b
```

* ### Man in clown mask set fire to home's front door.

 * ### Did you see anyone suspicious?

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses.

Police are appealing for witnesses after an arsonist wearing a clown mask set fire to the front door of a terraced house in Hatfield.

The offender used a blow torch to set fire to a carrier bag placed against the front door to a three-bedroom terraced house in Coombe Close between 3.30am and 4am on Sunday 7 July.

One of the three people living in the property managed to put the fire out before firefighters arrived.

"We would like anyone who was in the area in the early hours to get in touch," said DC Darren Ingram, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit. "Fortunately no-one was hurt but this was arson with intent to endanger life, as three people were at home in the night, and we are treating it very seriously.

"We know that a number of vehicles were in the area at this time and if any drivers or passengers saw anything suspicious or noticed any vehicles in the vicinity of Coombe Close, I'd ask them to get in touch."

The offender is described as being medium build, wearing a clear plastic clown mask with a white scarf covering his head, a white shirt and blazer.

Anyone with information should contact investigating officer DC Ingram via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting 41/61293/19. You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
