```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an assault in St Albans are appealing for witnesses, or anyone with information about what happened, to come forward.
publish:
  date: 4 Jan 2020
title: Assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/assault-in-st-albans-1235
```

* ### The incident occurred in Granville Road.

 * ### A man aged in his 50s received lacerations to the head.

 * ### A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives investigating an assault in St Albans are appealing for witnesses, or anyone with information about what happened, to come forward.

The incident occurred in Granville Road, at around 9.20pm on Thursday 2 January.

A man aged in his 50s was involved in an altercation with youths who were behaving in an anti-social manner.

During a confrontation, the man received lacerations to his head requiring a number of stitches.He was treated by paramedics at the scene before being taken to hospital. He has since been released.

Earlier in the evening, at around 7.50pm, the fire service was called to deal with a blaze inside a bin shed in Newsom Place, off Hatfield Road. The two incidents are currently being linked.

Detective Inspector Alexandra Warwick, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim has been left shaken and scarred by this vicious attack and I understand this incident may also cause concern in the local community. I want to reassure people that we are doing all we can to establish the circumstances around what happened and to trace anyone who may have been involved.

"There will be an increased police presence in the area over the weekend and a section 35 dispersal order has also been put in place, which allows officers to direct people to move on from the area if they feel they may cause harassment, alarm or distress to residents or increase the risk of crime and disorder. If you have any concerns, please do not hesitate to speak with us.

"I would also encourage anyone with information to assist the investigation to make contact."

Anyone with information about what happened is asked to email Detective Sergeant Evans at LCUStAlbans@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/607/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

• A 16-year-old boy from St Albans has been arrested on suspicion of assault (GBH), arson and assaulting a police officer. He has been released on police bail while enquiries continue.
