```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating the theft of a vehicle in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 28 Aug 2020
title: Appeal for witnesses following theft of vehicle in Hertford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-following-theft-of-vehicle-in-hertford-0557a
```

* ## A white Range Rover was stolen from outside the Co-op in Sele Farm.

 * ## The victim had left her service dog inside as she popped to a cash point.

 * ## Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.

Police investigating the theft of a vehicle in Hertford are appealing for witnesses and information.

A white Range Rover was stolen from Fleming Crescent, in Sele Farm, between 1.45pm and 2pm on Wednesday 26 August.

A woman had parked the vehicle near the Co-op while she went to use a cash point, leaving the keys and her service dog inside.

As she stopped to talk to someone, a white man, wearing a grey tracksuit, jumped into the vehicle and drove off.

The vehicle was later recovered in Watton-at-Stone. The dog was still safe inside it.

PC Sue Loughran said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident to please get in contact with us. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have captured any dash cam footage which could assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/68419/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

##
