```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Baldock.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2020
title: Appeal following burglary in Baldock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-baldock-1247
```

* ### A property in Norton Crescent, Baldock was broken into on Wednesday 11 December.

 * ### Several items were stolen, including alcohol, two jackets and cash.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Baldock.

On Wednesday 11 December, between 7pm and 8.30pm, a property in Norton Crescent was broken into.

Several items were found to be missing, including two bottles of alcohol, two men's jackets (pictured) and cash.

Detective Constable Lea Parker, who is investigating the case, said: "We are aware that the jackets are fairly generic, but we are making sure that we exhaust all possible lines of enquiry. Perhaps you may have seen them, or have been offered them for sale?

"Alternatively, if you were in the area at the time and believe you may have witnessed the incident, or think you may have witnessed someone behaving suspiciously, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Parker directly via email at Lea.Parker@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/111462/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
