```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two people were arrested after a quantity of suspected Class A drugs, believed to be worth more than \xA31,000, was discovered by police in Ware."
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2019
title: Two arrested in connection with Class A drug find - Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-in-connection-with-class-a-drug-find-ware-2739a
```

* ### Officers on patrol spotted a vehicle being driven suspiciously.

 * ### Suspected heroin and crack cocaine was recovered.

 * ### Two people were arrested and have been released under investigation.

Two people were arrested after a quantity of suspected Class A drugs, believed to be worth more than £1,000, was discovered by police in Ware.

Shortly before 2.30pm on Monday, March 4 officers from the Operation Scorpion Team were on proactive patrol when they spotted a vehicle being driven suspiciously in Tower Road.

The vehicle was stopped and searches were carried out. Quantities of what is believed to be crack cocaine and heroin were subsequently recovered. Cash and a mobile phone were also seized.

A 16-year-old boy from East Ham was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

A 22-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, driving with no insurance and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence.

Both have been released under investigation while enquires continue.

Detective Inspector Alex Willcox said: "This was a significant find and we are pleased that these drugs have now been taken off our streets. Drugs and associated criminality can have a serious impact on local communities and we are committed to tackling this.

"If you have any information about who may be involved in supplying drugs, please contact police on 101 or online. You can also report information anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers."
