```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2020
title: Robbery in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-hatfield-0968
```

* ### The incident occurred in Gyspy Moth Way.

 * ### A rucksack was stolen from a 17-year-old boy.

 * ### The suspects were riding distinctive bikes.

Detectives are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery in Hatfield.

The incident occurred in Gypsy Moth Avenue, at the junction with Hearle Way, at around 3.15pm on Saturday 28 November.

A 17-year-old boy was approached by five unknown males who surrounded him, before punching him in the stomach and taking his rucksack.

One of the males then attempted to steal the victim's mountain bike. He managed to prevent this from happening and the group left the area.

The victim was not injured during the incident.

Four of the males are described as follows:

• A white male, aged around 18 years old, approximately 5ft 11ins tall, wearing a black balaclava. He was riding a white and orange dirt bike.

• A white male, with black hair, wearing dark clothing. He was riding a red and black moped and had a dark crash helmet.

• A white male, around 6ft tall, who was riding a dark grey, 2020 model, Carrera Vengeance bicycle.

• A white male, on a blue Yamaha motorcross bike, wearing a helmet.

Detective Constable Sonja Townsend, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the victim was uninjured during the incident, but has been left shaken by what happened and is understandably upset that his bag was stolen, as it contained several accessories for his bicycle.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident, or who believes they may know the identities of those involved, to please get in touch. The descriptions of the bicycles and motorcycles they were riding are particularly distinctive so someone will know who they are."

Anyone with information is asked to please email DC Sonja Townsend

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/96013/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
