```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a stabbing incident in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 11 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following a stabbing incident in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-a-stabbing-incident-in-HemelHempstead-1444D
```

* ### An argument in Hemel Hempstead town centre resulted in two teenage boys being stabbed.

 * ### It happened between 7.45pm and 8pm on Marlowes on Tuesday, January 9.

 * ### Did you see anyone running from the scene? Call 101 quoting crime reference D1/18/284.

Officers investigating a stabbing incident in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened near to the rainbow monument on Marlowes between 7.45pm and 8pm on Tuesday, January 9.

An argument between a group of teenagers resulted in two of the boys being stabbed by what is reported to be a kitchen knife.

The first victim, a 17-year-old boy, suffered several stab wounds to his torso and the second victim, a 16-year-old boy, suffered a slash wound to his back.

The offender made off and is believed to have left the area in a taxi.

Paramedics were called and both boys were taken to hospital for treatment. They are both in a stable condition.

It is believed that the victims and the offender are known to each other.

Detective Sergeant Paul Perkins, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "I would like to reassure the community that this type of crime is unusual in Hemel Hempstead, and at this stage we do not believe this was a random attack.

"We are doing everything we can to trace the person responsible but we would be very keen to speak to anyone who witnessed what happened and has not yet spoken to us. Equally, if you saw anyone running from the scene or leaving the area in a vehicle, please get in touch."

If you have any information that may assist the investigation, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/18/284, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
