```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) have announced the new priorities they will be focusing on over the next few months.
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2021
title: New policing priorities announced for Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-policing-priorities-announced-for-welwyn-hatfield
```

* ### The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team have announced the new priorities they will be focusing on over the next few months

 * ### The priorities are set every three months based on police intelligence and feedback from the public

 * ### The new priorities include anti-social behaviour and speeding

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) have announced the new priorities they will be focusing on over the next few months.

The SNT are responsible for fixing short and long-term neighbourhood issues such as anti-social behaviour and they work with local partners, including the council, to ensure that Welwyn Hatfield is a safe and pleasant place to live and work.

The team is split into three; North, South and West, and every three months, three priorities are chosen for each area. The priorities are based on police intelligence as well as feedback that the public submit on the constabulary's community voice platform 'echo'.

Welwyn Hatfield Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "I would like to thank everyone who sent their feedback to us using echo. It's really important that you share your views with us and I hope you feel that we've taken your opinions on board.

"We are committed to tackling these issues that affect you so that Welwyn Hatfield remains a safe and pleasant place to live and work. If you want to give us feedback, we're always keen to hear from you. Simply use our community voice platform 'echo' at bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts."

The new priorities are:

_Welwyn Hatfield North_

(Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger)

 * Anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Garden City town centre
 * Speeding - Hertford Road, Digswell and Cole Green Lane, WGC
 * Drug dealing/drug taking in the Woodhall and Peartree areas

_Welwyn Hatfield South_

(Hollybush, Cuffley, Howlands, Northaw, Hatfield East, Hatfield South, Welham Green, Brookmans Park and Little Heath)

 * Business related crime in Cuffley i.e. shoplifting
 * Damage to vehicles on the A414 between Hatfield and Hertford
 * Motorbike misuse in the Welham Green area

_Welwyn Hatfield West_

(Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire)

 * Bicycle theft in Hatfield town centre
 * Anti-social behaviour in the Parkhouse Court area
 * Vehicle-related nuisance along Comet Way and Mosquito Way

To keep up-to-date with the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team follow them on Facebook at facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice or on Twitter at twitter.com/welhatpolice

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.
