```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two men who targeted online private sellers to steal cars from the Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Greater London areas have been jailed.
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2018
title: Two men jailed for stealing cars from online private sellers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-men-jailed-for-stealing-cars-from-online-private-sellers-1865
```

Two men who targeted online private sellers to steal cars from the Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Greater London areas have been jailed.

Tahla Ahmed, aged 22, of Steele Road, London, and Umar Haq, aged 28, of Aberdour Road Ilford, trawled online selling sites to target motorists by posing as prospective buyers.

Ahmed was charged with:

 * Conspiring with another to steal motor vehicles between May 5, 2017 and March 9, 2018.
 * Dangerous driving in Ilford on May 6, 2017.
 * Drove while disqualified in Ilford on May 6, 2017.
 * Drove without insurance in Ilford on May 6, 2017.
 * Failed to stop for a police officer in Ilford on May 6, 2017.
 * Stole a Mercedes in Ilford on June 13, 2017.
 * Stole a Mercedes in Hornchurch on June 13, 2017.
 * Stole a Mercedes in Harrow on August 11, 2017.
 * Stole a Mercedes in Plaistow on September 12.
 * Stole a Mercedes in Wembley on October 3, 2017.
 * Stole a Mercedes at Hatfield on October 23, 2017.
 * Stole a Mercedes at Romford on November 27, 2017.
 * Stole a Mercedes at Watford on December 21, 2017.
 * Stole a VW Golf at Radlett on December 23, 2017.
 * Robbed a man of his Mercedes in Luton on October 4, 2017.
 * Robbed a man of his Mercedes in Borehamwood on December 14, 2017.
 * Robbed a man of his Mercedes at Hatfield on January 19, 2018.
 * Robbed a man of his Mercedes at Forest Gate on February 19, 2018.

Haq was charged with:

 * Conspiring with another to steal motor vehicles between May 5, 2017 and March 9, 2018.

They both pleaded guilty at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday September 27 and were sentenced at the same court the following day (September 28).

Ahmed also asked the court to take into consideration a further 25 offences. He was sentenced to a total of 46 months in prison, ordered to pay a £170 victim surcharge and was banned from driving for 119 months and until an extended test is passed.

Haq was sentenced to 36 months in prison and ordered to pay a £170 victim surcharge.

Detective Constable Matt Creese, who investigated, said: "Ahmed and Haq worked together to target people who were trying to sell their vehicles through online selling sites.

"They would pose as buyers, arrange to view the vehicles and when the owners were distracted they would drive off with the car leaving the owner at the roadside.

"Throughout this enquiry Hertfordshire Constabulary has worked closely with the Metropolitan Police and the investigation team has utilised social media to assist in identifying victims across the South East who had been targeted by the pair.

 "The Judge recognised the distress and financial loss Haq and Ahmed caused to a large number of victims and the significant sentences handed down reflects this."

**Hertfordshire Constabulary** **offers the following crime prevention advice for those who are selling their vehicle:**

 * When taking a potential buyer on a test drive take someone else with you.
 * Keep a charged mobile phone in your pocket in case you need to alert police.
 * Stick to a route you know that is close to home and let others know the route you are taking and when to expect you back.
 * If in any doubt do not allow anyone else to drive your vehicle.
 * Make sure any test driver has a valid driving licence and suitable insurance cover. You could be liable for any accidents they may have.
 * To avoid buyers being left alone (and potentially driving away) with your vehicle, keep hold of the keys at all times and avoid leaving them in the ignition.
 * Ensure you have removed your house keys from your car keys.
 * Never hand over the vehicle keys or documentation until your bank has confirmed the full value of the vehicle has cleared into your bank account.
 * Never send money abroad.
 * Never pay a large deposit.
 * Don't be pressured into releasing your vehicle - a genuine buyer will not mind waiting until the draft has cleared.
 * Be careful about how you take payment:

Cash - ask for the cash to be handed to you in a bank, where the notes can be checked for forgeries and paid in immediately.

Cheques - never let the buyer take your vehicle until the funds have cleared in your bank account.

Bank drafts - are not as good as cash, so treat them in the way you would a personal cheque.

Online bank transfer is one of the safest ways to pay as it avoids handling large amounts of cash and the problems associated with cheques.
