```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a theft in Belsize, between Chipperfield and Sarratt, have released images of both a man and a car they would like to trace as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2019
title: CCTV appeal following a theft in Belsize
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-a-theft-in-belsize-2529
```

* ### Do you recognise this person or vehicle?

 * ### Police would like to identify them as part of their enquiries into a theft in Belsize

 * ### If you can help, please contact police quoting reference 41/70541/18

Officers investigating a theft in Belsize, between Chipperfield and Sarratt, have released images of both a man and a car they would like to trace as part of their enquiries.

It happened at a property in the village at 3.30pm on Saturday, December 29.

Offender(s) unscrewed the property's post box before stealing it.

PCSO Steven Jacob, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Do you recognise this person or vehicle? The car is an Alfa Romeo Vito, and we believe it was in the area around the time of the theft, along with the person pictured.

"We also believe he may have vital information that could progress our enquiry. We believe the car has links to the Amersham area of Buckinghamshire."

If you recognise the vehicle or person pictured, or have any information about this incident, then please contact PCSO Jacob on _steven.jacob@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/70541/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
