```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a dog attack in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2018
title: Appeal following dog attack in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-dog-attack-in-letchworth-1694G
```

* ### Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a dog attack in Letchworth on Sunday, February 18.

 * ### A 30 year old woman and her dog were bitten by a Staffordshire Bull Terrier on Western Way between 1.45pm and 1.50pm.

 * ### Anyone with information should contact PC Joe Nettleton on joseph.nettleton@herts.pnn.police.uk or 101 quoting crime reference G2/18/369.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a dog attack in Letchworth.

The attack happened on Western Way between 1.45pm and 1.50pm on Sunday, February 18.

During this time, the victim - a 30 year old woman, was walking along the road with her husband and their dog while another dog (a Staffordshire Bull Terrier) was on the other side of the road alone and without a leash.

The Staffordshire Bull Terrier then crossed the road and approached the victim's dog before biting it on the leg and neck. While the woman and her husband tried to get it off of their dog, it then bit her too on both hands.

Three young men then approached (running from the direction of the Midhurst Road area) and put a lead and a muzzle onto the dog.

Another man then joined them on a bicycle and they all walked off in the direction of the flats in Eastern Way.

One of the men is described as being aged 16-18, 5ft 6in tall, of a slim build and with short brown hair. He was wearing dark coloured trousers and a navy blue sports jacket. Another man is described as being aged 16-18, 5ft 8in tall, of a slim build and wearing a green jacket and a baseball cap. The man on the bicycle is described as being aged 40-45, of a slim build and with a grey beard. He was wearing black trousers and a black and grey jacket.

PC Joe Nettleton, who is investigating, said: "This was an extremely distressing incident and both the woman and her dog had to seek medical treatment. The woman sustained small puncture wounds and was left with bruising to both hands. Her dog also sustained several puncture wounds.

"I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident or anyone who might know the owner(s) of the dog to get in touch with me.

"In particular, I would also like to hear from a witness who has named a possible suspect.

"Anyone with any information that could help should contact me or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G2/18/369. You can also report information online ."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
