```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Fly-tipping, anti-social behaviour around local parks and speeding are the new safer neighbourhood priorities for Harpenden which were agreed last night (Wednesday 3 March).
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: New neighbourhood policing priorities set for Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-neighbourhood-policing-priorities-set-for-harpenden-1274f
```

* ## Fly-tipping, anti-social behaviour around local parks and speeding are the new safer neighbourhood priorities for Harpenden.

 * ## Local officers continue to be out and about responding to concerns and issues raised.

 * ## You can follow the team on Facebook and Twitter **@StAlbansPolice** to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep the district safe.

Fly-tipping, anti-social behaviour around local parks and speeding are the new safer neighbourhood priorities for Harpenden which were agreed last night (Wednesday 3 March).

The latest Priority Setting Forums (PSFs), made up of police officers, council representatives and members of the local education and business communities, was held virtually to agree what the Harpenden Safer Neighbourhood Team will focus on over the next three months.

Harpenden Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Essam said: "Fly-tipping and anti-social behaviour in local parks remains a priority for us in Harpenden and the villages. Inconsiderate parking and causing an obstruction during school drop off and pick up times has been replaced with the new priority of speeding. This has come from information provided via the Constabulary's community voice platform 'echo' and from feedback from members of the public, who play a huge part in the decision making. Residents will see work being conducted to tackle these issues, which will include increased police presence and targeted enforcement."

The new neighbourhood priorities are:

**Fly-tipping** - we will continue to work with landowners, residents and St Albans city and district council to reduce fly-tipping in the more remote areas including Wheathampstead and Redbourn. We will continue high-visibility and plain clothed patrols.

The council have installed CCTV in hot spot areas.

Fly-tipping is a criminal offence and if convicted, offenders face a fine of up to £50,000 and/or 12 months imprisonment. You could be liable if you pay someone to get rid of your waste and dump it illegally.

**Anti-social behaviour** in local parks in Rothampstead Park, The Common and Prava Close. This priority has been extended to also include Redbourn recreational ground, Wheathampstead playing fields including the tennis and football pitches and Oakley Road.

We are working with the local town council and partner agencies. We have given out warnings and made several arrests for drug offences. We have also used community resolutions and fines. We will continue our high visibility patrols.

**Speeding** in Redbourn Road, Marford Road, Station Road, Lower Luton Road, Roundwood Lane, Brewhouse Hill and The Hill. We will be carrying out operations where speeding drivers will be fined or summonsed directly to court for excessive speed.

Sergeant Essam added: "Feedback from members of the public is vital to ensure that local policing resources are focusing on the issues that matter most to you. I want to thank everyone who has contacted us with their views and would encourage other people to get involved.

"While things are very different for everyone at the moment, my local officers are still out and about, responding to any concerns and issues raised.

"You can follow the work of local officers on Facebook and Twitter **@StAlbansPolice** to see what action is being taken on a daily basis to help keep the district a safe place to live, work and visit."

You can use also our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Harpenden echo.

Please note that echo should not be used to report crime; this should continue to be reported via the usual methods.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window).
