```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2020
title: Robbery in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/robbery-in-hemel-hempstead-0491
```

* ### The incident occurred in an alleyway in King Henry Wells Square.

 * ### A man was pushed to the floor and had his phone stolen.

 * ### Detectives are appealing for witnesses.

Detectives investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Henry Wells Square, at around 9pm on Sunday 9 August.

A man aged in his 70s was walking through an alleyway, which runs beside Tesco down to the community centre, when he was approached by a man who asked him for money.

The victim said he didn't have any money on him and was subsequently pushed to the floor. The man then stole a Samsung J3 mobile phone from a bag which was attached to a walking aid the victim was using. The phone was in a worn black leather case.

The offender then ran off towards Washington Avenue.

The suspect is described as white, aged in his mid-20s, of slim build and approximately 5ft 9in tall. He had a thin face and nose, straight black hair, brown eyes and black bushy beard. He was wearing dark blue shorts, dark blue trainers with no socks and was topless. He spoke with an English accent.

Detective Constable Joel Gill, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This is an upsetting incident which targeted a vulnerable man who was trying to make his way home. Thankfully he wasn't seriously injured but has been left very shaken.

"I am appealing for anyone who may have seen the incident, or who thinks they may have seen someone matching the description of the suspect, to please come forward. Any information could greatly assist our enquiries."

Anyone with information is asked to email joel.gill@herts.pnn.police.uk

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/63288/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
