```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in East Herts are appealing for information in order to trace a statue stolen in a burglary.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2019
title: Appeal for stolen statue
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-stolen-statue-0395a
```

* ### Bronze head stolen from house in Furneux Pelham.

 * ### Rare statue is very recognisable.

 * ### Offenders forced entry to house to take Lucas Price piece.

Officers in East Herts are appealing for information in order to trace a statue stolen in a burglary.

The bronze head was being stored in a property in Furneux Pelham whilst renovation work was being carried out. At some time between 3.30pm on June 8 and 11pm on June 9, offenders forced entry to the property through a rear glass door and removed the statue.

PC Dave Miller said: "The statue by Lucas Price is quite distinctive and should be easily recognisable. We believe it is quite unique and it is very heavy. We have listed it on the lost art register and have contacted local auction houses.

"We are very keen to speak to anyone who has any information about the statue. It would have required a vehicle to transport it. If you have any information which may help our investigation please contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information should contact PC David Miller via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/54785/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
