```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers in Stevenage have been carrying out parking and speeding patrols this morning (Tuesday 21 January) following concern and complaints from local residents.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2020
title: Dangerous parking and speeding motorists targeted in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dangerous-parking-and-speeding-motorists-targeted-in-stevenage-1302e
```

Officers in Stevenage have been carrying out parking and speeding patrols this morning (Tuesday 21 January) following concern and complaints from local residents.

The first area targeted was Webb Rise and the area surrounding Moss Bury Primary School. Officers were at the location from 8am. Advice was given to several motorists who were parking dangerously or inconsiderately close to the school.

From there the team moved into Lonsdale Road following reports of continuing speeding issues in the location. Two speeding tickets were issued.

PC Seb Jackson who ran the operation said: "Inconsiderate and dangerous parking around schools is an ongoing problem that puts children and other pedestrians at risk. We have had reports of drivers parking on the yellow zig zag areas by the school, which must been left clear to allow safe entrance to the school. Drivers have also been parking too close to junctions.

"We will continue to address these issues, so I would urge people to think very carefully about where and how they park, and if their speed is appropriate for the road conditions and within the limits."

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
