```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary at an address in Watford are asking for potential witnesses to come forward as they may be able to help with their ongoing enquiries.
publish:
  date: 20 Feb 2020
title: Appeal following a burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-burglary-in-watford-1438c
```

Officers investigating a burglary at an address in Watford are asking for potential witnesses to come forward as they may be able to help with their ongoing enquiries.

The incident happened at 7.10pm on Monday 3 February at an address in High View.

A woman was sitting in her living room when three males broke in to her house via the porch door.

The victim then confronted the offenders who quickly left the scene.

All three males were described as wearing all dark clothing with their hoods up.
Detective Constable Julie Vint, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "Incidents like this are very scary for the person who is affected and we're doing all we can to make sure that those responsible are caught before they do it again.

"Please get in touch if you think you may have seen a group of males acting suspiciously in the area at the time."

Anyone with information that could assist with DC Vint's investigation are encouraged to email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/10362/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
