```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from the East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Teams, Operation Scorpion, and British Transport Police, ran a special operation at Hertford\u2019s Railway Stations today (Tuesday November 27)."
publish:
  date: 28 Nov 2018
title: Special Operation at Hertford stations
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-operation-at-hertford-stations-2142A
```

* ### Police teams target travelling criminals using Hertford Railway Stations.

 * ### Special Operation sees four stopped and searched and numerous fare dodgers caught.

 * ### Ongoing work to tackle issue of people travelling into East Herts to commit crime.

Officers from the East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Teams, Operation Scorpion, and British Transport Police, ran a special operation at Hertford's Railway Stations (Tuesday November 27).

The teams of officers were at the stations between 9.30am and 1.45pm, as part of their ongoing work to tackle the growing issue of people outside the area, travelling into the town to commit crime.

Weapons sweeps of the areas around both stations were carried out and one large kitchen knife was found at Hertford East. Four people were stopped and searched and numerous people were dealt with for fare evasion.

Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "We know that people are using the rail network to access our towns for the purpose of committing crime, in particular drug crime, including County Lines dealing and supply."

"Throughout the operation my officers were engaging with the regular commuter population to provide reassurance and information about our ongoing work. We are planning more operations like this. We want to send a clear message to those that want to use our towns for criminal purposes - they are not welcome here and we will do all in our power to track them down."

Sergeant Michael Clark who ran today's operation alongside PS James Turner from BTP added: "I would like to thank everyone who was using the stations during this time for their support and patience."

If you have any information about drug crime or are concerned about anyone who may be connected to drug crime please contact us via the non-emergency number 101, or online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
