```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Ware.
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2019
title: Appeal following robbery in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-robbery-in-ware-0714
```

* ### The incident happened in the alleyway between Tower Road and Cundells Road on Sunday 18 August.

 * ### The victim - a 17 year old boy, was walking home from the shops when a group of around seven to eight teenagers approached him.

 * ### Witnesses and anyone with information should contact DC Narinder Padda on 101 or email her at _Narinder.Padda@Herts.pnn.police.uk_

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a robbery in Ware.

The incident happened in the alleyway between Tower Road and Cundells Road on Sunday 18 August.

At around 9.10pm, the victim - a 17 year old boy, was walking home from the shops when a group of around seven to eight teenagers approached him from the direction of Tower Road. It was reported that one of the boys in the group was in possession of a kitchen knife.

One of the group - a boy with dark hair - then stole tobacco from the victim's bag. As the victim attempted to defend himself, he was cut by the knife and the group then made off from the scene.

The group of teenagers were all described as wearing dark coloured clothing. One of the boys was wearing a balaclava.

It was also reported that the males were carrying batons and a pole.

Detective Constable Narinder Padda, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "The victim sustained a cut to his chest and though it didn't require hospital treatment, the incident was understandably very traumatic.

"We are doing all we can to trace the offenders and I am appealing for anyone who has information about the incident, or anyone who saw what happened to get in touch.

"Did you see the group of teenagers in the area that night? Any information you have could be vital to our investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at _Narinder.Padda@Herts.pnn.police.uk_ quoting crime reference 41/75035/19."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
