```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Although the current burglary figures in St Albans are significantly less than this time last year as people continue working from home, police are warning residents to make sure they don\u2019t give opportunists an open invitation."
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2020
title: Keeping burglars out of St Albans district
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/keeping-burglars-out-of-st-albans-district-0881f
```

* ## Don't give opportunist burglars an open invitation into your home warns St Albans detective inspector.

 * ## The number of burglaries is significantly less than this time last year whilst many people work from home.

 * ## Consider investing in timer switches, alarms and doorbell cameras to help reduce the chance of becoming a burglary victim.

Although the current burglary figures in St Albans are significantly less than this time last year as people continue working from home, police are warning residents to make sure they don't give opportunists an open invitation.

"Once restrictions start to be lifted, we do not want to see a repeat of last year, where homes in London Colney and Marshalswick were targeted," said St Albans district Detective Inspector Ady Lysak.

"We have plans in place and have been proactively targeting people who are known to us for burglaries but we cannot be on every street 24 hours a day. I'd like to remind residents to invest a few moments to make sure their property is secure by closing all windows and doors when you go out, invest in timer switches, alarms and doorbell cameras - anything to deter a burglar. If you are thinking of getting a dog, now is a good time! If you do see someone acting suspiciously, please call us on 101 - if you think a crime is in progress dial 999. We would rather attend a call with good intent than miss the opportunity to catch a burglar."

He said: "I'd encourage residents to join the OWL (Online Watch Link) (opens in a new window) where you will receive emails about crime and local news on OWL and follow us on Facebook and Twitter @StAlbansPolice."
