```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "There\u2019s never been a better time to sign-up to receive emails about crime in your area from the award-wining Online Watch Link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch, during National Neighbourhood Watch (NHW) Awareness Week this week."
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Be a Good Neighbour - National Neighbourhood Watch Week
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/be-a-good-neighbour-national-neighbourhood-watch-week-0411all
```

There's never been a better time to sign-up to receive emails about crime in your area from the award-wining Online Watch Link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch, during **National Neighbourhood Watch (NHW) Awareness Week** this week.

Over 137,000 households in Hertfordshire have already signed up to the scheme at **www.owl.co.uk** where residents regularly receive emails directly from the police.

"We think we have the largest NHW membership in the country, but we want to encourage even more people to sign up and benefit from being part of NHW," said Chair of Herts Watch (the umbrella organisation for NHW across Hertfordshire) Sue Thompson, who went to Buckingham Palace earlier this month to receive a Queen's Award for Voluntary Service for "excellence in voluntary activities carried out by groups in the community".

She said: "You don't have to do anything apart from be a good neighbour, read relevant emails and act on any crime prevention advice. We also send messages out about missing people, local burglaries and vehicle crimes, alerts about current scams and how to spot them, together with relevant protective advice. NHW makes it harder for criminals to operate and helps improve community spirit across the county - why not join up today?"

To help promote the week, Community Safety Partnerships across the county have organised bespoke events to help raise awareness and encourage people to sign up.

 * Watford SNT ran an OPALS (Older Person's Awareness and Learning Scheme) at the DRUM Centre (June 13).
 * The Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) signed people up at Stevenage Day on Sunday (June 17).
 * East Herts SNT spoke to residents at an older persons' event on Tuesday (June 19).
 * Dacorum SNT will be at the Kings Langley Carnival this Saturday (June 23).
 * Three Rivers SNT will be at the Croxley Revels fair on The Green this Saturday (June 23).
 * St Albans SNT has a stall at St Albans market next Wednesday (June 27).
 * Hertsmere SNT will be at the family day in Borehamwood on Saturday (June 30).
 * Broxbourne SNT will be at Churchgate in Cheshunt on Saturday July 7.

Just recently, NHW prevented a Stevenage pensioner from being scammed - he was close to sending £15,000 of his life savings to a convincing con artist pretending to be from his bank - but thought twice after seeing an email message from Neighbourhood Watch warning him about the scam.

The man was so impressed with Neighbourhood Watch, he came into Stevenage police station to thank officers personally.

**Hertfordshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd** praised Herts Watch and said: "This week is a great time to celebrate Hertfordshire's Neighbourhood Watch scheme. With over 137,000 member households and the recent announcement that Herts Watch received the Queen's Award for Voluntary Service, it really is a great success and deserves continued support.

"The scheme promotes community spirit and ultimately makes the county safer, supporting the ethos behind my Community Safety and Criminal Justice plan \- keeping neighbourhoods safe is everybody's business.

"I want to continue to ensure that we make the most of our links with the various watch schemes that operate across Hertfordshire and look for opportunities to continue the technology of OWL to drive forward the prevention of crimes."

To join NHW, simply sign up to NHW via OWL or speak to your local PCSO.
