```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following two alleged assaults in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 2 May 2018
title: Appeal following two alleged assaults in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-two-alleged-assaults-in-HemelHempstead-0146D
```

* ### The incident happened in Cineworld in Jarman Park, St Albans Road on Sunday, April 15.

 * ### Two men were reportedly punched, causing one of the victims to sustain fractures to his eye socket and jaw.

 * ### Anyone with information or video footage should contact Investigator Deborah Newsham on 101 or deborah.newsham@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting ISR 609 of April 15.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following two alleged assaults in Hemel Hempstead.

The incident happened in Cineworld in Jarman Park, St Albans Road on Sunday, April 15.

Between 8.30pm and 8.40pm a verbal altercation occurred between a group of five men. Subsequently, two of the men were reportedly punched, causing one of the victims to sustain fractures to his eye socket and jaw.

Investigator Deborah Newsham from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw the incident to get in touch.

"In particular, I would like to hear from anyone who might have video footage of the incident.

"If you witnessed what happened, or have any other information which could help the investigation, please contact me by email or the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 609 of April 15."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 20 year old man from Hemel Hempstead has been arrested on suspicion of affray. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 17 year old boy from Hemel Hempstead has been arrested on suspicion of affray. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 17 year old boy from Hemel Hempstead has been interviewed under caution.
