```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating an attempted robbery in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: Did you witness attempted robbery in Hemel Hempstead?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-attempted-robbery-in-HemelHempstead-1332D
```

* ### The victim was approached by two males on a bicycle.

 * ### Nothing was taken but the man sustained injuries.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact the Hemel Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number.

Police investigating an attempted robbery in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses and information.

Between 6.30pm and 7pm on Saturday, December 2 a man aged in his 30s was walking towards the train station from Hemel Hempstead town centre. As he was waiting to cross the road at the traffic lights near St John's Church, on Station Road, he was approached by two males on a pedal cycle.

One of the males got off the bike while the other blocked the victim's path and demanded he hand over his money and coat.

The victim refused and the pair rode off after members of the public began to approach.

The victim decided to head back towards the town centre and was approached by the same males a short while later, near the underpass at the Magic Roundabout.

This time, the males assaulted the victim and demanded money but fled empty handed after members of the public approached once again.

The victim suffered bruising to his arms and a bump to the head.

The suspects are described as black, aged between 15 to 18 years old, of medium build and around 5ft 6in tall. One was wearing a dark-coloured puffa-style jacket and the other was wearing grey tracksuit bottoms.

Investigator Deborah Newsham from the Hemel Hempstead Local Crime Unit said: "Nothing was taken during the incident and thankfully the victim wasn't seriously hurt but has been shaken by what happened. We are carrying out enquiries and are asking anyone who saw what happened, or who may have seen two males on a bicycle acting suspiciously in the area, to please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Hemel Hempstead Local Crime Unit via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/17/9856. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
