```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Two dedicated youth crime Police Community Support Officers have helped educate more than 3,000 young people on the topics of knife and gang crime over the course of 12 months \u2013 and now they\u2019re looking forward to continuing their vital work in 2020."
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2020
title: "Youth crime PCSOs mark a whole year in the job \u2013 Watford, Three Rivers & Hertsmere"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/youth-crime-pcsos-mark-a-whole-year-in-the-job-watford-three-rivers-hertsmere-1442c
```

* ## Two dedicated Youth Crime PCSOs are looking back at 12 months of preventative work with young people and partners across Watford, Three Rivers and Hertsmere.

 * ## They have educated more than 3,000 young people on the topics of knife and gang crime, as well as supported more than 1,000 more outside of the Peace Week schemes.

 * ## A YouTube video looks at their year in review as the officers look forward to continuing their work in 2020.

Two dedicated youth crime Police Community Support Officers have helped educate more than 3,000 young people on the topics of knife and gang crime over the course of 12 months - and now they're looking forward to continuing their vital work in 2020.

PCSO Daisy Jenkins and PCSO Keith Sayers, who are part of the Watford Community Safety Unit (CSU), first began their roles in January 2019 thanks to a jointly-funded initiative between the police and Chessbrook Education Support Centre (ESC)* in Watford. Watch our YouTube video here to find out more about Daisy and Keith's work.

Further funding from the Watford BID* and the intu Centre Watford* enabled Daisy, Keith and the Watford CSU team to pilot an innovative Peace Week scheme in six secondary schools across the three boroughs.

The scheme has now been held five times in a total of six schools, most recently at Bushey Academy and Westfield Academy in Watford. Students got involved in interactive workshops led by Daisy, Keith and anti-youth violence organisation The Safety Box. These workshops are designed to build self-esteem, alter negative behaviour and provide them with the tools needed to avoid high-risk conflict.

During the week of activity they also had a visit from anti-knife crime campaigner Alison Cope, who spoke to students, families and professionals during a youth crime information evening. Alison's son Joshua Ribera was tragically stabbed to death outside a Birmingham nightclub in September 2013. She now travels the country sharing Joshua's story to educate young people about the stark reality and consequences of youth violence.

The Peace Weeks - coupled with Daisy and Keith's day to day work - are part of the CSP's prevention strategy, the aim of which is to capture young people most at risk of falling into criminality and instead giving them the confidence and the tools to choose a different path.

Outside of the Peace Weeks, Daisy and Keith spend the majority of their time based in secondary schools, working directly with staff and students, and often pop into evening youth clubs. With the help of schools and partners, the two PCSOs provide tailored one-on-one support to young people who are identified as needing extra guidance. They also work closely with Assistant Investigator Zoe Brunt, who is the driving force behind the organisation of each week of education.

Sergeant Luke Mitchell, who leads the Watford Community Safety Unit, said: "I am incredibly proud of my team, who have worked so hard to engage with young people who are at the highest risk of being sucked into criminality.

"While Watford is a long way from experiencing the same levels of knife crime seen in other parts of the country, we all have a responsibility to educate the next generation and equip them with the life skills they need to stand up to violent crime.

"It's not an easy job but Zoe, Daisy and Keith have taken it in their stride and we are starting to see a real difference, so I'm looking forward to seeing what the next 12 months will bring. I have no doubt we will be supporting even more teenagers and diverting them away from violent crime so they can make more positive life choices.

"Steve McShannon, head teacher at Chessbrook ESC, said: "I feel incredibly proud of the part Chessbrook has played in setting up this initiative. It is just another example of our outward thinking approach to supporting the students, schools and communities we serve. I am very much looking forward to the coming year and the further opportunities it will bring.

"Maria Manion, Chief Executive of the Watford BID, said: "This is a great initiative, and one the BID is proud to be part of. For all of us, whether a visitor, local resident or a business, being safe in town is essential. The children are our future, our town centre users, and we need to ensure they are aware of the impact of knife crime and violent crime on themselves, their families and local communities, and that there are other options and support available to them."

Vicki Costello, Centre Director at the intu Centre Watford, said: "We don't experience high levels of anti-social behaviour in the centre but when we do have an issue, it's great to have Daisy and Keith here as they can relate to the young people. The children seem more engaged when they come into the centre now and they will talk to our colleagues. I think boredom often plays a huge part so we think it's important to keep young people occupied, which is why we host events such as our free pop-up Ping Pong Parlour regularly throughout the year."

**Success story**

PCSO Keith Sayers has been working with one 14-year-old girl since May last year, and he says there has been a huge improvement in her behaviour.

"When I first met her she was just 13 and involved in a lot of anti-social behaviour locally, meaning her education was suffering. She was on the verge of permanent exclusion from school, was self-harming and had also expressed suicidal thoughts so she was very vulnerable. After speaking with teachers, it transpired that she had experienced a number of traumatic incidents in her personal life," said Keith.

"She did not want to engage at first but I continued to check in on her during my weekly visit to her school, and slowly she began to open up to me about what had been happening in her personal life."

During his visits, Keith sometimes used an adapted version of the popular stacking game Jenga, using wooden blocks with questions on to encourage young people to talk.

After the school year finished in July, Keith maintained contact with the girl by visiting her at home and engaging with her family. He enrolled her on a Lives Not Knives seminar which opened her eyes to the consequences of violent crime, as well as arranging for her to attend the Herts Fire and Rescue Service's five day Local Intervention Fire Education (LiFE) course*.

Keith said: "I noticed a monumental difference after she attended both of these events and while she still displays reckless behaviours from time to time, I - along with her school - can help her manage it. Of course there have been ups and downs over the past nine months, but she has made fantastic progress. Most importantly, she no longer wishes to end her life and she has stopped self-harming.

"She is attending school regularly and is engaging with Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS). She is also channelling her energy into football and boxing practice, which is fantastic, as we know that exercise can support our mental health. While she does still have days where she struggles to cope, the difference is that she now knows there are a whole team of people who are right behind her, cheering her on.

"It's so heartening to see a young person effect change in their lives thanks to the support and guidance we, with the support of partners, have given them. I'm really proud of her, and I know she won't be the last child we help guide down the right path."

**So what 's next?**

Often, engaging with young people who are already displaying signs of associating with those involved in criminality can be a challenge and it is tough to break down barriers.

PCSO Daisy Jenkins said: "This process certainly doesn't happen overnight, or after just one or two sessions. We know that continuity coupled with early intervention is key, so we work hard to build trust with the young people initially before starting to help them make changes.

"Currently we only work with children aged 11 and over, but we are planning to create an age-appropriate Peace Week scheme for children of primary school age. We hope this will help the pupils create deep-seated morals around violent crime and ensure they are diverted away from a life of potential criminality."

The Watford CSU team, in partnership with Hertsmere Borough Council, are holding their seventh youth crime information evening on Wednesday 18 March.

It is free to attend and is being held at Queens' School in Bushey between 6.30pm and 9.30pm, and is open to parents, carers and the wider community. Attendees will hear from guest speakers on the topic of gangs, county lines, knife crime, social media and positive choices.

You will also have the chance to speak to the CSU team for advice or to discuss any concerns you have about your own child/children or other young people.

To book your place, email.
