```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from Welwyn Hatfield\u2019s Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Closure Order at an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014."
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2018
title: Closure order secured on a property in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-a-property-in-hatfield
```

* ### Police have been successful in achieveing a closure order for an address in Crawford Road, Hatfield

 * ### It will last three months and give neighbours some much needed respite from anti-social behaviour and suspected drug dealing

 * ### Officers have worked in partnership with Welwyn Hatfield Council

Officers from Welwyn Hatfield's Community Safety Unit have been successful in securing a Closure Order at an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Crawford Road, Hatfield - was being investigated by police following complaints from local residents about people using the property in an anti-social manner, as well as reports of suspected drug dealing and drug use.

Police were granted a three month Closure Order at St Albans Magistrate's Court on Thursday, August 9.

On the same day, Welwyn Hatfield Council was granted the same for a property in Stonecross Road, Hatfield. The reports of anti-social behaviour and reported drug dealing/use were linked to both properties.

The court was satisfied that all the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met, which included:

1) that a person has engaged, or (if the order is not made) is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or

2) that the use of the premises has resulted, or (if the order is not made) is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or

3) that there has been, or (if the order is not made) is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises,

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Welwyn Hatfield Council to gather evidence in support of the Closure Orders. The police and the council had received numerous calls from members of the public reporting arguments at the addresses, noisy visitors and suspected drug use and drug dealing.

The Closure Orders prevents anyone from entering the properties for three months and anyone who breaches the orders can be arrested.

Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Sergeant Ricki Vaughan, said: "To help us in the fight against drugs in Hatfield and associated ASB, we are working closely with partner agencies to put a permanent stop to these crimes. Securing these Closure Orders is a significant part of helping us to achieve that.

"For many months we responded to complaints alongside Welwyn Hatfield Council about the ASB and suspected drug use and drug dealing at the properties.

"By taking this action to close the address, we hope to provide some respite from the on-going issues that cause such misery for neighbours and improve the quality of life for our local communities.

"I would urge local residents to please continue to report anything of concern to us via the non-emergency number 101 and if you witness a crime or anti-social behaviour in progress dial 999."

Councillor Bernard Sarson, Welwyn Hatfield Council's Executive Member for Community Safety, said: "We're pleased with both results, and hope they show that we will always take action to ensure that our residents feel safe and comfortable in their own homes.

"Council staff worked closely with the police to gather evidence, and closures are always a last resort when other efforts to resolve the situation have been unsuccessful, but these cases send out a clear message that we will not hesitate to take action when needed."

An officer affixing the notice to the door
