```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating an incident where a dog was dangerously out of control in Allen\u2019s Green are appealing for anyone with information to come forward."
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2019
title: Dog dangerously out of control in East Herts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dog-dangerously-out-of-control-in-east-herts-0959a
```

* ## The incident occurred in a field near the Queens Head pub.

 * ## A Jack Russell sadly died as a result of its injuries.

 * ## Police are appealing for help to trace the offending dog and its owner.

Police investigating an incident where a dog was dangerously out of control in Allen's Green, near Sawbridgeworth, are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

At around midday on Monday 21 October, a woman was walking a number of dogs in a field opposite the Queens Head pub, when an Alsatian, with no owner, approached.

The Alsatian then began attacking a Jack Russell before running off.

The Jack Russell sadly died from its injuries.

PC Nicola Hunt, from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Understandably, this was a very distressing incident and we have made several enquiries since it occurred to establish the circumstances around what happened. Unfortunately we have not yet been able to trace either the offending dog or its owner, nor any further witnesses to the incident.

"At this time we have not received any similar reports of a dog being loose in the area, but would ask anyone who may have information which could assist us to please come forward."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/95273/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
