```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help to identify three men as part of their enquiries following an assault and theft in Waltham Cross."
publish:
  date: 29 Sep 2018
title: Appeal following assault at petrol station in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-assault-at-petrol-station-in-Watham-Cross-1847
```

Police are appealing for the public's help to identify three men as part of their enquiries following an assault and theft in Waltham Cross.

Just before 6.30am on Saturday, September 15, a man and a woman drove into the Jet petrol station forecourt in Eleanor Cross Road.

The man, aged in his 20s, was inside the petrol station shop getting the coffee when he was punched by an offender. Two other offenders then joined in assaulting the victim.

Seeing this, the victim's girlfriend ran into the shop leaving the car keys in their vehicle's ignition.

The offenders then abruptly ran out of the shop and stole the car - a silver BMW Sport. They turned left onto Eleanor Cross Road heading towards Waltham Abbey.

PC Richie Stewart, who is investigating, said: "This was a vicious and unprovoked attack, which left the victim with facial bruising and swelling.

"We would like to speak to the men pictured as they may have information that can help the on-going investigation. If you recognise them please get in touch.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident as you may have key information."

Anyone who believes they can help the police investigation is asked to contact PC Stewart by emailing richard.stewart@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/36996 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
