```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from St Albans Community Safety Unit worked closely with St Albans City and District Council who secured a full closure order on an address in St Albans under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 3 Jul 2020
title: Ninth closure order secured on St Albans property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ninth-closure-order-secured-on-st-albans-property-0307
```

* ### Officers from St Albans Community Safety Unit worked closely with St Albans City and District Council who secured a full closure order on an address in Cell Barnes Lane.

 * ### A warrant was carried out where drug paraphernalia and mobile phones were seized.

 * ### No-one besides the local authority and emergency services can enter the flat for three months. Anyone who breaches this order could be arrested.

Officers from St Albans Community Safety Unit worked closely with St Albans City and District Council who secured a full closure order on an address in St Albans under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The council property, a flat in Cell Barnes Lane, was subject to an investigation following complaints regarding suspected drug use and associated anti-social behaviour. A warrant was carried out in May where drug paraphernalia and mobile phones were seized.

On Thursday 25 June, St Albans Magistrates' Court granted a three-month closure order. It means that no-one besides the local authority and emergency services can enter the flat for a period of three months. Anyone who breaches this order could be arrested, with further action taken against them.

The court was satisfied that the following necessary criteria for a closure order had been met:

1) A person has engaged, or (if this order were not made) would be likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises

2) The use of the premises has resulted, or (if this order were not made) would be likely to result in serious nuisance to members of the public

3) There has been, or (if this order were not made) there would likely be, disorder near the property which would be associated with that address

Where closure orders are granted, the local authority/housing association can utilise specific legislation that allows them to seek full possession of the property.

Abi Simons from St Albans City and District Council's Community Safety Unit, said: "We are committed to doing everything in our power to deal with suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour and a closure order is a significant step in protecting our community."

Simran Chana from the St Albans Police Community Safety Unit, said: "We were able to prove that suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour was having an adverse impact on neighbouring properties, even though understandably, some residents did not feel able to report the problems they were experiencing. No-one should have to put up with this kind of behaviour, especially on their doorstep. Everyone deserves to feel safe and happy in their home, and no one should be subjected to anti-social behaviour. This is the ninth closure order we have secured in the St Albans district in about 16 months and we will continue to use this power under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014."

If you have information about drug use and anti-social behaviour in your local area, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in St Albans using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-stalbans and have your say.
