```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a distraction burglary in Watford.
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2020
title: Appeal following distraction burglary in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-distraction-burglary-in-watford-0490
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following a distraction burglary in Watford.

The incident happened in Hillrise Avenue on Thursday 6 August.

At around 8.30am, a man rung the victim's doorbell and claimed to be from the water board. He asked to check the stopcock and was showed to the kitchen where he spent some time turning the water on and off.

When he left the property, the victim noticed that numerous items had been moved in his bedroom and quantity of cash had been stolen from his wallet in the living room.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, who is investigating, said: "We believe a second offender may have been involved while the first offender distracted the victim.

"The first offender is described as white, of a medium build, around 50 to 55 years old and approximately 5ft 6in tall. He was wearing a high-vis orange boiler suit and a white hard hat.

"I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or anyone with information about what happened to get in touch by emailing me at julie.vint@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/62186/20. Were you in the area? Did you see the offenders?

"Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital in helping us to find the offenders and stopping someone else from being targeted.

"I would urge local residents to be vigilant and report any suspicious behaviour to us by calling 101. If a crime is in progress, always call 999."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
