```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following thefts from motor vehicles in Cheshunt.
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: Appeal for information following thefts from motor vehicles in Cheshunt
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-thefts-from-motor-vehicles-in-cheshunt-0947k
```

* ### Appeal for information following thefts from motor vehicles in Cheshunt.

 * ### Incidents have occurred in Downfield Road over the past two months.

 * ### Call 101 if you can help our investigation.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following thefts from motor vehicles in Cheshunt.

Two incidents were reported in Downfield Road with a month of each other.

At 4am on Thursday 19 November an offender gained entry to a black Land Rover and stole documents and cash (41/93350/20).

Just after midnight on Wednesday 21 October an offender gained entry to a black Jaguar again documents were taken along with some glasses (41/84732/20).

At the time of both incidents a white man, wearing dark clothes and a cap was seen acting suspiciously in the area.

PC Stuart Rogers, who is investigating, said: "These two incidents took place in the same street within a short space of time.

"I'm appealing to anyone who may have information about these incidents, or who also may have been a victim, to come forward.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at stuart.rogers@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference **41/84732/20 or 41/93350/20**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns.

Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
