```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two PCSOs dedicated to educating young people on youth gang and knife crime held as part of a Peace Day at a Bushey primary school.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2020
title: Youth crime education workshop at Bushey primary school
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/youth-crime-education-workshop-at-bushey-primary-school-0857j
```

* ## Workshop held as part of Peace Day at Bournehall Primary School.

 * ## Held by specialist Police Community Support Officers.

 * ## Pupils explore subject of knife and gang crime.

Two PCSOs dedicated to educating young people on youth gang and knife crime held as part of a Peace Day at a Bushey primary school.

PCSO Daisy Jenkins and PCSO Keith Sayers, from the Watford Community Safety Unit (CSU), and PCSO Sarah Webb from the Safer Neighbourhood Team visited Bournehall Primary School on Thursday (5 November) where they ran a socially-distanced workshop for Year 6 pupils.

The officers spent time with the youngsters exploring the topics of knife and gang crime using age-appropriate methods. They engaged the children in role play and a 'thoughts and feelings' writing exercise as well as question and answer sessions. In the afternoon, Daisy and Keith presented all the children with certificates for taking part.

Year six class teacher, Mrs Desmond said: ''It was a fun and engaging session which the children all enjoyed. Daisy and Keith were brilliant with the children and delivered the programme about grooming, gangs, knife crime and more in an age-appropriate way for Year 6. They definitely learned a lot and now know that grooming doesn't just mean brushing your dog!''

Deputy Headteacher, Mrs Anni Boorn said: "A huge thank you to Daisy and Keith for delivering the Peace Programme workshops so brilliantly. The Year 6 children (and staff) spoke enthusiastically about the interactive sessions and it was pitched perfectly! The sessions highlighted the importance of self-esteem, confidence and making positive friendships. It was a great way for our children to meet our local PCSOs - responding very positively to them. ''

Bushey and Radlett Safer Neighbourhood Team Sergeant, Iain Brunt said: "The Peace Day took place in advance of the knife crime week of action which runs from 9 November. It's reassuring that Bushey doesn't have the same levels of knife crime in other parts of the country, however we all have a responsibility to educate the next generation and equip them with the life skills they need to stand up to violent crime.

"I'm pleased that the session was well received by the children and we hope to hold more sessions like this in other schools in the area."

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Hertsmere echo and tell us what you think.
