```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: New laws and new services mean that victims of stalking in Hertfordshire can receive more support than ever before.
publish:
  date: 8 Apr 2019
title: "National Stalking Awareness Week 2019 \u2013 new protections for victims of stalking in Hertfordshire"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/national-stalking-awareness-week-2019-new-protections-for-victims-of-stalking-in-hertfordshire-0027ALL
```

New laws and new services mean that victims of stalking in Hertfordshire can receive more support than ever before.

This is the message from partner agencies in the county during National Stalking Awareness Week, which starts today (Monday 8th April).

The Stalking Protection Bill was passed by Parliament last month introducing Stalking Protection Orders (SPOs). These orders will be available to courts to prevent so called 'stranger stalking' by imposing restrictions on perpetrators to stop their behaviour.

Police will be able to apply for them on behalf of victims and the perpetrator will be committing a crime if they breach them. Hertfordshire Constabulary is training police officers on the new legislation and powers with assistance from the Alice Ruggles Trust.

Also launched recently is a new service in Hertfordshire providing help and support for victims of stalking. Six new Independent Stalking Advocacy Caseworkers (ISACs) will be working in the county providing a range of services.

The charity Safer Places will provide the services funded by the Ministry of Housing, Local Government and Communities and sponsored by Hertfordshire County Council. This new provision will be officially launched to professionals on Monday 15th April at a conference jointly hosted by Safer Places and Three Rivers District Council.

Throughout National Stalking Awareness Week, Hertfordshire Constabulary alongside its partners will be posting on social media about stalking using the hashtag #StalkingStealsLives.

Detective Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek, head of the Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit, said: "The introduction of SPOs means we can impose the threat of criminal sanctions on perpetrators. Another useful tool in our armoury to protect victims of stalking sooner and reduce the risk of harm against them."

Janet Dalrymple, chief executive of Safer Places, said: "Stalking is a very serious matter because in high risk cases of domestic abuse at least, stalking behaviour is the greatest predictor of the victim being seriously harmed or killed.

"Hertfordshire is a great county where agencies work together and by working closely we are confident we will be able to have a big impact on the incidents and impact of this terrifying crime."

Iain MacBeath, director of Adult Care Services at Hertfordshire County Council, said: "Stalking is a terrifying crime which has a major impact on victims. We welcome the new ISAC service and the spotlight that National Stalking Week shines on this important issue.

"We actively encourage anyone affected by stalking to trust your instincts, keep a diary of what's happening to you and report it to police or seek advice and help from our local specialist agencies and services."

To access Safer Places' ISAC services call **03301 025811** (24/7) or email referrals@saferplaces.co.uk

Victims of stalking can get advice from the Suzy Lamplugh Trust by calling the national stalking helpline (free from most telephones) on **0808 802 0300** or through their website.

Further information about the Alice Ruggles Trust can be found on their website.

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline **08 088 088 088** or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website. **In an emergency situation, always call 999.**
