```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Baldock are releasing images of two rings that were stolen during the break in.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2018
title: Appeal following burglary in Baldock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-burglary-in-baldock-1676G
```

* ### An engagement ring and opal ring were stolen during a burglary in Baldock.

 * ### Offender(s) gained access to a home in Bush Spring on Tuesday, August 14.

 * ### Anyone who has seen the rings pictured or been offered them for sale is asked to contact police.

Officers investigating a burglary in Baldock are releasing images of two rings that were stolen during the break in.

Between 8am and 6pm on Tuesday, August 14, offender(s) gained access to the home in Bush Spring and carried out an untidy search inside.

An engagement ring and an opal ring, both pictured, along with cash in Euros were stolen.

Detective Constable Georgina Peggie, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area around the times stated to get in touch.

"I'd also like to speak to anyone who believes they may have been offered these rings for sale or has seen them for sale. You can contact me by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/27604/18, or report information online.

"Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court."

Stolen rings
