```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The festive party season may be a little different this year but Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s message around consent remains the same."
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2020
title: Seasonal Op Advisory campaign launches
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/seasonal-op-advisory-campaign-launches-0958
```

* ### The festive party season may be different this year but the message remains the same.

 * ### Sex without consent is rape.

 * ### Help and support is available to victims.

The festive party season may be a little different this year but Hertfordshire Constabulary's message around consent remains the same.

Despite the COVID-19 restrictions in place, the force's Operation Advisory campaign continues, with the aim of preventing rapes and serious sexual assaults across the county.

Inspector Nicki Dean, from the Crime Reduction and Community Safety Unit said: "While the current COVID-19 regulations mean that people won't be able to enjoy pubs, bars and parties in the usual way this Christmas and New Year, we are not being complacent. Sadly, we know there are some people out there who may still seek to take advantage.

"The message has always been and still remains, that sex without consent is rape. For those who are in any doubt, this includes sex with anyone - male or female - who is incapacitated as a result of drink or drugs and is true whatever the situation.

"There may be victims who are reluctant to report a sexual assault because they fear they will be accused of breaching the COVID-19 restrictions. Please be assured that this is not the case and a victim of a serious sexual offence will always be treated as such. We are here to support victims and bring offenders to justice."

With the restrictions that have been in place for most of the year preventing people going out and meeting face to face, many people may have turned to online dating.

Meeting and chatting with someone online, sharing intimate feelings and hopes can make you believe you know someone well. However, there can often be a misconception that flirtatious messages and selfies are a way of implying consent, but it is important to remember that this is simply not the case.

Detective Chief Inspector Anna Wright, from the Constabulary's Safeguarding Command, said: "It is fundamental that it is understood throughout the criminal justice system that technology has changed the way people communicate and behave.

"As a result, the Crown Prosecution Service and police have worked with victim support groups to understand this and to dispel challenging, long-held rape myths and stereotypes which can be toxic and lead to victims feeling judged or disbelieved. "It is hoped this work will help to close the gap between the number of serious sexual offences reported and those progressing to the courts."

There are several ways you can report sexual assault.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.
