```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of a handbag at the M&S Food Hall in High Street, Rickmansworth, are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 15 Jan 2018
title: Appeal following theft of handbag - Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-of-handbag-Rickmansworth-1455C
```

* ### A woman's handbag was stolen while she was shopping at the M&S Food Hall in Rickmansworth.

 * ### She had placed the handbag inside a shopping bag and placed it on the back of her trolley.

 * ### When she got to the checkout she realised the handbag had been taken.

Officers investigating the theft of a handbag at the M&S Food Hall in High Street, Rickmansworth, are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 1pm on Thursday, January 11, the victim -aged in her 80s - had placed her handbag on the back of a shopping trolley concealed in a shopping bag. When she went to the checkout she discovered that it had been taken.

The Mulberry handbag is tan in colour and contains a Radley sky blue coloured purse.

PC Daniel Cunningham, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who was shopping in the M&S store around the time of the offence and saw anyone acting suspiciously to get in touch as you may have key information that could help us identify the offender."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Cunningham via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference C2/18/119, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
