```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a warrant at an address in Hemel Hempstead as part of an ongoing campaign against County Lines drug dealing and gang activity.
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2019
title: Arrest made during County Lines gang crime operation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrest-made-during-county-lines-gang-crime-operation-834
```

* ### Man arrested during operation to disrupt County Lines drug network

 * ### Adam Mrabet, 19, charged with possesion with intent to supply class A drugs

 * ### Crack cocaine, heroin seized at address in Hemel Hempstead

Hertfordshire Constabulary carried out a warrant at an address in Hemel Hempstead as part of an ongoing campaign against County Lines drug dealing and gang activity.

The Operational Support Group and Hemel Hempstead Scorpion team served a warrant at an address in Alexandra Road, on Thursday 26 September. Officers arrested, and subsequently charged, 19 year old Adam Mrabet of Stirling Road, London, with possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of criminal property. Crack cocaine and heroin were seized, along with a mobile phone believed to be used to distribute drugs.

PC Hunni Glanville from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Operational Support Group, said: "This warrant was part of our on-going activities to combat drug and gang crime in the county. We are sending a message to criminals who are bringing crime and violence to our local communities. Young and vulnerable people are often the ones who suffer the most, being drawn into criminal activities, drugs and even sexual exploitation.

"Our operations are making a significant impact on the County Lines networks operating in Hertfordshire, and we will continue to disrupt gang activities and stop the supply of drugs into our towns."

If you suspect that a property in your area is being used for criminal activity or you believe that someone you know is being exploited or coerced into crime, please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or report information online at: herts.police.uk/report. If you are part of a gang or believe you are being coerced or exploited by criminal gang members you can get help and advice at: fearless.org, which provides non-judgemental advice and allows you to give information 100% anonymously.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at: crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
