```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating the theft of two bikes have released images of them as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2020
title: "Appeal for information following bike theft \u2013 Berkhamsted"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-bike-theft-berkhamsted-0120d
```

* ## Police have released images of two bikes stolen from Berkhamsted.

 * ## The theft happened overnight between Friday 24 April and Saturday 25 April.

 * ## Have you seen any bikes matching the description for sale second-hand online?

Officers investigating the theft of two bikes have released images of them as part of their enquiries.

The bikes were stolen from an outbuilding off the High Street, opposite the Shell petrol station, between 8pm on Friday 24 April and 10.45am on Saturday 25 April.

Offenders used an implement to cut through the padlock on the outbuilding's door.

The first bike is a grey 2015 Cannondale with a Topeak Saddle bag.

The second bike is a white 2010 Marin Mount Vision with clipless Shimano mountain bike pedals.

PCSO Katie Braham, from the Berkhamsted and Tring Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are making a number of enquiries but have released photos of the two bikes in order to make the public aware. Have you seen a bike matching either of the descriptions for sale online, either on sites such as eBay, or on social media?

"Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in the area on either of the dates mentioned? Please get in touch if you have any information that you think could help our investigation."

You can email PCSO Braham, report information online, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat, or call our emergency number 101 quoting reference **41/32969/20**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
