```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a theft from a car in Bushey Heath.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2018
title: CCTV appeal following theft from a car in Bushey Heath
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-theft-from-car-in-BusheyHeath-1554J
```

* ### Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a theft from a car in Bushey Heath.

 * ### The theft happened at around 12.28am on Monday, January 8 on Elstree Road.

 * ### Anyone who recognises him should call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J2/18/42.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with a theft from a car in Bushey Heath.

At around 12.28am on Monday, January 8, the following items were taken from a white Landrover in Elstree Road:

 * Clothing (two tops)
 * Two Range Rover wireless headphones
 * Two holdall bags

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as he may have information which can assist the investigation.

Anyone who recognises the man, or has any other information about the theft, is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J2/18/42 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV appeal following theft from a car in Bushey Heath
