```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man from Hertford has been sentenced to a total of 38 weeks in prison after being found guilty of 12 shoplifting offences, breaching the terms of his Criminal Behaviour Order and possession of an offensive weapon.
publish:
  date: 6 Apr 2018
title: Hertford man sentenced to prison for multiple offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertford-man-sentenced-to-prison-for-multiple-offences-0023
```

A 29-year-old man from Hertford has been sentenced to a total of 38 weeks in prison after being found guilty of 12 shoplifting offences, breaching the terms of his Criminal Behaviour Order and possession of an offensive weapon.

Michael Cakebread, of no fixed abode, committed the shoplifting offences between March and the beginning of April this year (2018) in Ware, Hertford, Stanstead Abbotts and Hoddesdon at branches of the Co-op, Sainsbury's, Marks and Spencer and Tesco. During each offence Cakebread stole a quantity of meat.

Cakebread was also given a Criminal Behaviour Order ***** (CBO) in December 2017, prohibiting him from entering the stores where he committed the shoplifting offences. Following proactive investigations by police officers from Hertford Safer Neighbourhood Team, Michael Cakebread was arrested at a branch of the Co-op in Sele Farm on April 4. On arrest he was also found to have a knife in his possession. He was detained in custody and charged on April 5.

On April 6 Michael Cakebread appeared at Hatfield Remand Court where he pleaded guilty to all offences. He was ordered to pay a fine of just over £750 and was sentenced to:

 * 20 weeks imprisonment for the shop lifting offences
 * 18 week imprisonment for breaching his CBO
 * 8 weeks imprisonment for possession of an offensive weapon.

**East Herts Chief Inspector Gerry McDonald, said:** "We will not tolerate the type of behaviour displayed by Michael Cakebread and will come down hard on anyone who conducts themselves in a similar manner.

"I am pleased with the outcome of this sentencing and hope that it not only gives Cakebread significant time to think about his actions, but that it also sends out a strong message to anyone who might consider shoplifting or causing a nuisance in East Herts."

***** CBOs replace Anti-Social Behaviour Orders (ASBOs) and Drinking Banning Orders on conviction and are issued by a criminal court to tackle the most persistently anti-social individuals who are also engaged in criminal activity. As a result of the shoplifting offences, and for riding away on bike when requested to stop for police, Cakebread breached his CBO ten times.
