```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are once again urging motorists to ensure they remove all valuable items from their cars and vans when leaving them unattended.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2018
title: "Don\u2019t forget to remove valuable items from vehicles"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/don\u2019t-forget-to-remove-valuable-items-from-vehicles-2260c"
```

* ### Drivers should remove all valuable items from vehicles when leaving them unattended.

 * ### There has been a spike in vehicle crime over the past 48 hours.

 * ### Call police straight away if you witness suspicious activity.

Police are once again urging motorists to ensure they remove all valuable items from their cars and vans when leaving them unattended, following a spike in vehicle crime over the past 48 hours.

A number of vehicles have been targeted across Oxhey, Northwood and Watford, with items such as dash cams, laptops and mobile phones being stolen.

PC Graeme Edwards, from the Oxhey Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "It takes just seconds for an opportunist thief to break in and steal your belongings but they are much less likely to try their luck if nothing has been left on display.

"Please ensure that you remove all items from vehicles when leaving them unattended, including coats and loose change, as this will make your vehicle a less attractive target.

"We have increased patrols and are doing all we can to help prevent these incidents but we need members of the public to help us by following this simple advice. Further tips are available on the Herts Police website.

"If you witness any suspicious activity around vehicles, please report it to police straightaway and always dial 999 if a crime is in progress."

Anyone with information about the thefts should contact the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
