```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men responsible for a series of robberies from cashpoint delivery drivers in Cheshunt and north London have been jailed for a total of 36 years.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2018
title: Three men jailed for robberies from cashpoint delivery drivers
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-men-jailed-for-robberies-from-cashpoint-delivery-drivers
```

* ### Three men have been jailed for a total of 36 years for a series of robberies from cashpoint delivery drivers.

 * ### One of the robberies happened at Brookfield Retail Park in Cheshunt.

 * ### Paul Sayer, from Potters Bar, Reece Sayer, from Hertford, and Darren Irving, from Tottenham, have been jailed.

Three men responsible for a series of robberies from cashpoint delivery drivers in Cheshunt and north London have been jailed for a total of 36 years.

Paul Sayer, and his son Reece, worked with Darren Irving to carry out five robberies during a three-month period from April 14 to July 3, 2017.

The offences all involved a cash box being stolen from security guards as they refilled cash machines outside commercial premises.

Just after 1pm on Monday, July 3 last year, a security guard was returning to his vehicle at Brookfield Retail Park in Cheshunt when he was approached by two men who grabbed him and took a cash box.

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked with Flying Squad detectives from The Met to identify the men responsible for the robberies through extensive analysis of CCTV as well as descriptions of the vehicles used to take the robbers away from the scene.

Irving and Paul Sayer were identified from CCTV footage as being involved in these offences.

Irving was found to be the person who committed the robbery while Sayer acted as the getaway driver on each of the offences.

Reece Sayer was linked to the robberies through investigation into the vehicles used in the offences.

Officers arrested Irving, Paul Sayer and Reece Sayer on July 7, 2017.

At Irving's home address, a small amount of dye-stained cash was recovered as well as a small amount of Class A drugs.

At Reece Sayer's address, a stolen black BMW was found parked in the communal car park outside the premises with a cloned number plate.

Further investigation into the vehicle revealed it had been stolen on 13 June 2017 and was the same make and model seen in two of the robbery offences.

Green dye from cash stolen in two of the robberies was also found inside the stolen BMW.

Paul and Reece Sayer were both found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery at a commercial premises after a four-week trial at Wood Green Crown Court.

Irving pleaded guilty to the same charge in November. All three were sentenced on Monday, January 29 at Wood Green Crown Court.

Paul Sayer, aged 48, of Cranborne Parade, Potters Bar was sentenced to 16 years' imprisonment.

Darren Irving, aged 43, of Spirgurnell Road, Tottenham was sentenced to 12 years' imprisonment.

Reece Sayer, aged 24, of Copperwood, Hertford, was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment.

Broxbourne Chief Inspector Ian Butler said: "The substantial sentences handed down by the judge to these three men reflect the seriousness of their crimes.

"They worked together to carry out a series of robberies in a short space of time and a great deal of planning was demonstrated in the use of stolen vehicles and cloned number plates.

"I hope this sends a clear message that we will always work hard and where necessary in partnership with neighbouring forces, such as The Met, to apprehend and bring to justice those who travel across borders to commit crimes."

Darren Irving Reece Sayer Paul Sayer
