```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Twenty Volunteer Police Cadets from across Hertfordshire were invited to attend the High Sheriff\u2019s Justice Service at St Albans Cathedral at the weekend."
publish:
  date: 8 Nov 2017
title: "Police cadets support High Sheriff\u2019s Justice Service"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-cadets-support-High-Sheriffs-Justice-Service-1132
```

* ### Twenty Volunteer Police Cadets from across Hertfordshire attended the service.

 * ### The annual event celebrates law and order.

 * ### This year's theme was volunteering.

 * ### Police officers, PCSOs and Special Constables were also in attendance.

Twenty Volunteer Police Cadets from across Hertfordshire were invited to attend the High Sheriff's Justice Service at St Albans Cathedral at the weekend.

The annual service celebrates law and order and is attended by local judges and dignitaries.

To celebrate his theme of 'volunteering' the High Sheriff, Will Hobhouse, Esq invited Police Cadets from across the county to join him in the procession on Sunday, November 5.

In addition, the Head Cadet for St Albans and Harpenden, Jamie Head, had the privilege of being Sword Bearer to the High Sheriff.

A number of police officers, PCSOs and Special Constables also attended.

Jamie said: "I am very honoured to have been asked to be the High Sheriff's Sword Bearer, it was the experience of a lifetime and amazing to have played such an important role in this prestigious ceremony. It was incredible to see all the high court Judges and High Sheriffs from neighbouring counties."

It was a great experience for the Cadets to be involved in such a high profile event and they enjoyed the added bonus of meeting celebrity chef Mary Berry, who was one of the High Sheriff's guests.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "I was really proud to see such a magnificent turnout of our Cadets to the Justice Service. Every one of our 10 districts were represented. The High Sheriff was most impressed, as he has been all year with the fabulous contribution we get from all our volunteers and those officers and staff who give so freely of their time to assist.

"I'd like to thank you all. I am delighted that Mary Berry was able to pass on her thanks too, which will mean far more than anything I could say, even without cake."

Meeting celebrity chef Mary Berry High Sheriff’s Justice Service at St Albans Cathedral
