```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: There will be increased police patrols in Borehamwood this weekend so residents can enjoy fireworks night safely.
publish:
  date: 3 Nov 2017
title: Enjoy Fireworks night with extra police patrols in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/enjoy-fireworks-night-extra-patrols-borehamwood-1111
```

* ### Extra high-visibility police patrols will be on the streets of Borehamwood this weekend.

 * ### Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe said: "Anyone caught using fireworks irresponsibly will be dealt with robustly."

 * ### If you know anyone instigating anti-social behaviour, please call 101 or report online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

There will be increased police patrols in Borehamwood this weekend so residents can enjoy fireworks night safely.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe said: "While the vast majority of the community enjoyed Halloween without becoming involved in criminal behaviour, officers did deal with a small minority causing disorder on the night.

"I would like to reassure residents that this weekend, we have extra high-visibility and covert police patrols working extra shifts. We have asked for support from other specialist departments across the force to make sure everyone can enjoy fireworks night and remember it for all the right reasons.

"We would like to make it clear that anyone found using fireworks irresponsibly will be dealt with robustly and we will be using our stop and search powers to their full potential, so I would advise members of the public against carrying fireworks on themselves.

"I would also urge parents to keep track of where their teenagers are to ensure they are safe and not involved in any potential disorder. If they are found to be committing anti-social behaviour then there could be long term implications in the shape of a criminal record."

Anyone with any information about planned disorder or who knows anyone who is instigating anti-social behaviour, please call police on 101 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report. If you see a crime in progress, dial **999**.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
