```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Eleven young people were stopped and searched in St Albans this weekend using temporary extended powers given to police where they suspect dangerous weapons could be brought into the city.
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2018
title: Stop and search powers used in St Albans to deter knife crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stop-and-search-powers-used-in-stalbans-to-deter-knife-crime-0426F
```

Eleven young people were stopped and searched in St Albans this weekend using temporary extended powers given to police where they suspect dangerous weapons could be brought into the city.

St Albans Chief Inspector Stuart Cheek said: "I'm pleased to report that no-one was arrested and no weapons were found. We wanted to make it clear to anyone that we will use whatever powers we can to protect young people and make St Albans a safer place for all residents and visitors. We hope this action, which is part of a wider strategy to deter knife crime, acts as a deterrent for anyone carrying weapons and reassures the public. "

The temporary powers under Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, were granted by Assistant Chief Constable Nat Briant, from 3.15pm on Friday June 22 until 3am on Saturday June 23 and from 3.15pm on Saturday June 23 until 3am on Sunday June 24 in Verulamium Park, St Michaels Street A5183, King Harry Lane, A4147, A5183 and St Stephens Hill.

A teenage boy was injured following a stabbing incident in Verulamium Park on Friday June 15. Three teenage boys were arrested in connection with the serious assault with one charged with GBH with intent.

He said: "Members of the public we spoke to were pleased with the implementation of the powers, which meant officers could search anyone in the area during the specified time scales and of the high visibility presence of police.

"This is not a one-off response, but rather part of a longer term plan involving St Albans City and District Council, schools, colleges and parents to speak to their children about the danger of carrying knives. We will continue to have overt and covert police patrols in areas we suspect people are gathering with weapons. Please let us know if you have any information about those carrying knives so that we can intervene before anyone is hurt by calling us on 101 or 999 if you suspect an offence is occurring or is imminent."

He added: "We don't want any more young people or their families in St Albans having to deal with the after-effects of crime committed using a knife. Together, as a community, we can help keep St Albans a safe place to live, work and visit."

** **

** **
