```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of Eileen Elizabeth Firminger, whose inquest was held recently, would like to share the following tribute to a devoted wife and loving mother, grandmother and great-grandmother.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2018
title: Tribute to Eileen Elizabeth Firminger
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-eileen-elizabeth-firminger-1654
```

The family of Eileen Elizabeth Firminger, whose inquest was held recently, would like to share the following tribute to a devoted wife and loving mother, grandmother and great-grandmother.

Eileen sadly passed away following a road traffic collision in Stonehills, Welwyn Garden City, on October 31, 2017.

Eileen enjoyed the freedom her car gave her and her specialist doctor confirmed it was appropriate for her to continue driving in spite of her bulbar palsy, a neurological condition affecting the facial muscles and nerves.

The doctor informed both Eileen's family and the DVLA that her condition had no impact on her limbs or cognitive abilities, and therefore in no way affected her driving capability.

Eileen was born in Keighley, Yorkshire, in 1927 and grew up there with her parents, Rupert and Clara, and her younger brother Gordon. Eileen excelled as a student at school and was particularly gifted in arithmetic.

Eileen met Ken, who was to be her husband of 72 years, when she was in her late teens. He was billeted in West Yorkshire with the mother of one of Eileen's friends and the pair were soon meeting at the local dance hall in Keighley. They enjoyed dancing to the big band sounds together and became engaged on Eileen's 18th birthday, marrying six months later. Their love of dancing and listening to the big band sounds continued throughout their lives. Eileen was very proud of them winning a bronze medal for Latin American dancing in 1969.

They welcomed their daughter Geraldine in 1949, by which time the couple had moved to Woolmer Green in Hertfordshire. In 1961 they moved again to Glebe Road where they lived happily for 56 years. Thanks to her mathematic skills, Eileen's working life always involved numbers and bookkeeping. She was first bookkeeper for Farmiloe and Sons civil engineers in Welwyn village and later worked for the Youth Foreign Holiday Service in Welwyn for 30 years.

Geraldine, who now lives in Canada, said: "They said Mum was the best bookkeeper they had ever had. She kept all the financial accounts straight and accurate at home too. She was always checking up on the best interest rates and savings accounts. She never left a shop without first checking that the bill was correct."

Eileen's many interests included walking with the Mid Herts walking group, knitting, reading and gardening. The garden at Glebe Road was meticulously kept and was always full of flowers that she had planted. Eileen was a perfectionist and her house was always clean and tidy. Later in life Eileen took up line dancing classes and entered many dance competitions. She always enjoyed dancing and and taking part in the performances.

Eileen enjoyed many holidays abroad with Ken and often her brother Gordon and his wife Margaret would accompany them. They had many happy trips to Spain, Portugal, Italy, Switzerland, the Greek islands, Turkey, Cyprus, Egypt and South Africa. Eileen and Ken also travelled extensively to Canada and North America and enjoyed many family vacations there. These will become treasured memories for all the family.

Geraldine said: "Mum was an amazing person who lived her life to the full - she never stood still. She had a vibrant energy and enthusiasm for all her activities. Her strong spirit and determination meant that nothing stopped her from doing what she wanted to do.

"She was very independent and went out daily, either shopping, attending church, going to exercise classes or going to see jazz concerts, dance events or a film at the cinema. Mum couldn't stay in the house even when it had been snowing. She wanted to get out and talk to people and make the most of her life. She rarely sat down and relaxed. Sometimes I think she invented multitasking long before it was known. I remember her knitting a jumper, watching the television and reading - all at the same time!"

Eileen was very proud of her three grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. She and Ken often hosted the grandchildren during their summer vacations. Eileen would take them on day trips or immersed them in as many local activities as possible - whether it was horseback riding, swimming, feeding the horses, watching the bell ringing in the church or teaching them how to bake a Victoria sponge cake. While her grandson James was at university she would make sure he never returned back to campus without plenty of supplies.

Geraldine said: "Mum's zest for life meant that she never gave up. Dad once said that it was her strength and energy that kept him going. I feel very lucky to have had such caring, loving parents who lived a long and happy life together. I know that my Mum made the most of every single day and she will be greatly missed."
