```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Four vehicles that were seized after they were used by drivers to commit motoring and other offences have now been crushed.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2017
title: East Herts Police Crush Vehicles
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/East-Herts-Police-Crush-Vehicles-1139A
```

* ### Four vehicles that were seized after being used to commit motoring and other offences have now been crushed.

 * ### A pit bike, van, quad bike and car were all seized by officers in East Herts.

 * ### The crushed vehicles will be displayed in locations around East Herts to help highlight the consequences of irresponsible motoring.

Four vehicles that were seized after they were used by drivers to commit motoring and other offences have now been crushed.

A pit bike, van, quad bike and car were all seized by officers in East Herts.

The pit bike was involved in a collision in Ware High Street, where an elderly woman was knocked to the ground. The driver was convicted of dangerous driving. The quad bike had been used to drive across a farmer's field causing damage to crops. The Audi had been driven by a driver who had no insurance and the van had been involved in burglary offences.

"Crushing vehicles is one consequence of this type of behaviour that we like to enforce wherever possible," explained Chief Inspector for East Herts, Gerry McDonald.

"Seizing and destroying assets hits criminals where it hurts. A fixed penalty notice is always issued where appropriate, but destroying their vehicles and denying them the means to carry out their anti-social behaviour is always a good deterrent.

"I hope this sends a clear message to those that commit this kind of crime, that we will use every option available to us to punish and prevent further offences."

The crushed vehicles will be displayed in locations around East Herts to help highlight the consequences of irresponsible motoring.

Car crushing
