```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Educating young people around the dangers of knife crime was top of the bill at Cineworld this afternoon (Thursday January 17), as children from five senior schools in the town took to the red carpet to see their work on the big screen.
publish:
  date: 17 Jan 2019
title: Red carpet and the big screen for Stevenage students
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/red-carpet-and-the-big-screen-for-stevenage-students-2395e
```

Educating young people around the dangers of knife crime was top of the bill at Cineworld this afternoon (Thursday January 17), as children from five senior schools in the town took to the red carpet to see their work on the big screen.

The students from The Barclay School, Barnwell School, Marriotts School, The Thomas Alleyne Academy and The John Henry Newman Catholic School, had made the films as part of Operation Edge - an anti-knife crime initiative devised by Neighbourhood Inspector Simon Tabert.

As part of Operation Edge every senior school in Stevenage was invited to take part in a film making competition. The teams of students were tasked to make an educational film no longer than five minutes which could then be shown to the wider school community as a means of informing students about the dangers and consequences of carrying a knife.

A panel of judges, which included Film Composer David Arnold and actor Kevin Whately, viewed and scored each film and the winners were announced at the end of the red carpet screening event.

The team from Marriotts School supplied the winning entry which the judges described as _a thought provoking and dramatic film, cinematically shot with well introduced characters and a powerful ending - capturing the impact and unintended consequences of carrying a knife._

The runner up was the film produced by the students at Barnwell School with their ' _visually gripping style of film making, clear and well produced, telling the story in a contemporary fashion through the use of engaging on screen graphics '._

Commenting on the initiative Inspector Simon Tabert said: "We wanted to do something where the students were the ones spreading the message to their peers. We have done a lot of work in the town around knife crime. We have taken part in amnesties, run operations using our knife arches, carried out regular weapon sweeps in hot spot areas, made arrests and delivered special educational programmes in local schools. But everyone has a part to play in keeping our communities safe and one of the most influential groups are the young people themselves.

"Their messages will be some of the strongest and I am delighted with the enthusiasm shown by the schools who embraced this project. The judges were impressed by the standard of all of the entries and I hope we will be able to use these films further as part of our ongoing work to tackle knife crime."

Chief inspector for Stevenage Alicia Shaw added: "This is an excellent example of what can be achieved through partnership working. I would like to thank the schools for their enthusiasm, Cineworld for creating an amazing atmosphere through the use of their facilities, and the local councillors for their donations which funded the project. The standard of film making was exceptionally high, and the students portrayed powerful on-screen messages."

Winners: Marriotts School
