```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With lambing season now well under way, police are reminding dog walkers of their responsibilities while using rural areas.
publish:
  date: 30 Mar 2019
title: Advice to dog owners during lambing season
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/advice-to-dog-owners-during-lambing-season-2818
```

* ### Lambing season is now well under way.

 * ### Owners must keep their dogs on a lead around livestock.

 * ### If a dog worries sheep, the person in charge of the dog is guilty of an offence.

With lambing season now well under way, police are reminding dog walkers of their responsibilities while using rural areas.

Under the Dogs (Protection of Livestock) Act 1953, if a dog worries sheep on agricultural land, the person in charge of the dog is guilty of an offence.

The act considers 'sheep worrying' to include attacking sheep, chasing them in a way that may cause injury, suffering, abortion or loss of produce, or being at large (i.e. not on a lead or otherwise under close control) in a field or enclosure in which there are sheep. The act does not require livestock to be killed for this offence to be committed.

Sergeant Duncan Wallace, from the East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We often find that people do not understand the consequences of allowing their dogs to run loose near livestock. Sheep are particularly vulnerable and can die or suffer aborted pregnancy as a result of fright or the stress of the situation, as well as from a physical attack.

"We all want to enjoy the pleasures of our rural landscape but it is crucial that you keep your dog on a lead around livestock, especially at this time of year, even if you can usually trust it to come when called. If you live in or near an agricultural area, you must make sure that your dog cannot escape from your property as it may find its way onto land containing sheep."

In some circumstances, a farmer may shoot a dog which is attacking or chasing farm animals without being liable to compensate the dog's owner.

Anyone who witnesses incidents of sheep worrying is asked to contact police immediately using 999 if the attack is in progress or the non-emergency number 101 if the incident has concluded, noting descriptions of the dog involved and its owner.
