```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to seven years in prison after he was found guilty of robbing two sex workers in Watford.
publish:
  date: 11 Feb 2020
title: Man jailed for seven years after being found guilty of robbery - Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-seven-years-after-being-found-guilty-of-robbery-watford-1403c
```

* ## Ionut Sofroniei, aged 25, of Feltham, London, has been sentenced to seven years after being found guilty of two counts of robbery.

 * ## The offences happened in Observer Drive, Watford, in January 2018.

 * ## He was arrested in August 2019 after trying to board a plane to Lithuania.

A man has been sentenced to seven years in prison after he was found guilty of robbing two sex workers in Watford.

Ionut Sofroniei, aged 25, of Wooldridge Road, Feltham, London, was yesterday (Monday 10 February) sentenced at St Albans Crown Court.

The court heard how the victims, a 38 year old woman and a 38 year old trans woman, worked from their flat on Observer Drive.

On 17 January 2018, Sofroniei and two other men turned up at the address after one of them had booked a massage, posing as a client.

They threatened both of the victims - who are originally from Thailand - with a spanner and kept them in a bedroom before ransacking the property, stealing more than £1,100 in cash as well as jewellery and electrical goods.

Sofroniei, who is originally from Romania, was identified after one of the victims searched Facebook using the mobile phone number that was used to book the appointment.

He was arrested in August 2019 after he was stopped while trying to board a flight to Lithuania. The other two men remain unidentified.

Detective Inspector Jason Finnegan, from the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "Sofroniei's despicable actions show him to be a dangerous and manipulative individual who is willing to threaten people to get what he wants.

"This has been a protracted case but we caught up with Sofroniei in the end, so I am pleased to see justice being done for both of the victims."
