```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: With the help of local residents, the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) in Letchworth and Baldock have now set their new policing priorities for the next three months.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2021
title: New policing priorities for Letchworth and Baldock
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-policing-priorities-for-letchworth-and-baldock-1314g
```

* ## Residents in Letchworth and Baldock have their say on local policing priorities.

 * ## Feedback from local communities used to set new priorities.

 * ## Speeding and drug crime on the agenda for the next three months.

With the help of local residents, the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) in Letchworth and Baldock have now set their new policing priorities for the next three months.

The SNT is responsible for dealing with short and long-term neighbourhood issues, such as anti-social behaviour and criminal damage, and they work with local partners, including North Herts District Council, to ensure that Letchworth and Baldock are safe places to live and work.

Before setting the new priorities, the team ran a feedback campaign encouraging local residents to submit their views on what issues they wanted their local officers to focus on. They did this via OWL - the Constabulary's Online Watch Link and via echo, the new community voice platform.

After analysing the feedback, the following priorities have been set and the dedicated Letchworth and Baldock teams of PCs and PCSOs will be working to address them:

 * **Anti-social behaviour relating to drugs use** - the team will be focusing on Baldock Town including Buffs Park and Nightingale Park and the parks in Letchworth including Norton Common, Pymms Close and the Baldock Road recreation ground.
 * **Speeding** - main focus will be on Wilbury Road, Icknield Way, Norton Way North, Norton Road, Clothall Road and High Street Baldock.

Commenting on the new priorities Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Steve Oliphant said: "I would like to thank everyone who shared their concerns with us and submitted feedback, enabling us to set these new priorities. It is really useful to understand what issues are really affecting our local residents, so we can tailor our patrol plans to tackle them.

"We renew our local priorities every three months, but in the meantime, you can still provide us with feedback using echo. Simply go to: Letchworth echo (opens in a new window) or Baldock echo (opens in a new window) and have your say. It's important to note that some comments we receive are about things that aren't police matters, such as parking and litter, however we do pass these comments to our partner agencies, such as North Herts District Council, so that they are aware and can look to tackle them."

You can follow @NthHertsPolice on Twitter and 'North Herts Police' on Facebook for regular updates from your Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

You can report information online speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online (opens in a new window). **
**
