```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following an incident of making off without payment in Old Welwyn.
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2018
title: CCTV appeal following non-payment to a taxi driver
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-non-payment-to-a-taxi-driver-1634B
```

* ### The incident happened in the High Street, Old Welwyn, on Friday July 13 at around 11.40pm.

 * ### A taxi passenger, who had been picked up in Lemsford, exited the vehicle without paying the driver.

 * ### Officers believe the man pictured could help them with their investigation.

 * ### If you recognise him, or have other information, call 101 quoting crime reference 41/17360/18.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following an incident of making off without payment in Old Welwyn.

The incident happened in the High Street on Friday July 13 at around 11.40pm.

At this time a taxi passenger, who had been picked up in Lemsford, exited the vehicle without paying the taxi driver.

Officers would like to speak to the man pictured as it is believed he was in the area at the time and could have vital information that will help the investigation.

Anyone who recognises the man, or has any other information, should contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/17360/18.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

CCTV image
