```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary has marked LGBT+ History Month with a special training session for the county\u2019s football clubs to help them tackle hate crime."
publish:
  date: 15 Feb 2019
title: Hertfordshire Constabulary and FA join together to tackle hate crime
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hertfordshire-Constabulary-and-FA-join-together-to-tackle-hate-crime-2578PR
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary has marked LGBT+ History Month with a special training session for the county's football clubs to help them tackle hate crime.

Taking place at the University of Hertfordshire on Thursday, February 7, the training follows on from the results of a 'homophobia in football' survey that was commissioned by the Constabulary and the Hertfordshire Football Association (FA) last year.

The survey was completed by over 400 of the county's football fans and found that 61% of respondents felt that football clubs should do more to educate fans about homophobia. The results also revealed that 45% had heard homophobic abuse at a football match within the last three years, while 20% would not feel comfortable to report the offence if they became a victim at a match.

In response to the findings, the Constabulary and the FA pledged to take a permanent stance against homophobia in the game, with an aim to create third party reporting centres at clubs across the county. This means that if victims do not feel comfortable going directly to the police, they can instead report hate crimes or hate incidents to their club anonymously, before the details are passed to the police on their behalf.

Last week's training session was attended by Potters Bar, St Albans, Hemel Hempstead, Kings Langley and Watford Ladies football clubs. Representatives from the clubs were able to gain a deeper understanding of hate crimes and incidents and learn how the clubs can assist in providing effective support to victims.

The training session focused on LGBT+ hate crime in response to the findings from last year's survey but also covered other strands of hate crime where race, religion, or disability might be targeted. Clubs were able to gain more understanding around the work of the Constabulary's LGBT+ Liaison Officers who are specially trained to support the LGBT+ community.

Chief Superintendent Matt Nicholls, the Constabulary's strategic lead for sexuality and gender identity, said: "The finding's from last year's survey show that there is still a lot of work to do in tackling homophobia in football and I'm delighted that so many clubs have shown their support in helping us to end this, along with all other forms of hate crime.

"The clubs who attended this session will now be able to register as a third party reporting centre which is very encouraging. We will be continuing to work with the Hertfordshire FA to reduce the incidents of homophobic and other hate crimes through this and other initiatives.

"Being different is not a crime but being victimised because of it is. Hate crimes can have a severe impact on the victim and on the wider community in which they occur. We will not tolerate this and we are committed to ensuring that hate crime is reported so that we can better understand the problem and help to stop it happening."

Karl Lingham, CEO at Hertfordshire FA said "We take hate crime extremely seriously and are committed to eradicating it from the game at all levels. Our partnership with Hertfordshire Constabulary is important to us and we work together to support our clubs.

"It is encouraging to see Hertfordshire non-league clubs in attendance, who are being proactive in creating a safer and more inclusive atmosphere at their clubs. This will benefit players, fans, volunteers and coaches and ensure that everyone feels comfortable in being involved. Without evidence we cannot act, so we would encourage everyone to report any incidents."

**_ _**

**Reporting hate crime **

Hate crimes are crimes like any other, but that have the added distinction that the victim was targeted because of their disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity.

Victims and witnesses can report incidents to police without fear via the non-emergency number 101, online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or 999 if a crime is on-going. Victims can be reassured that they will be taken seriously and treated with sensitivity.

For more information about hate crime, including how to report it and where to get support go to _www.hertsagainsthate.org _

**Contacting an LGBT+ Liaison Officer**

LGBT+ Liaison Officers can be reached by calling the non-emergency number **101** or by contacting us online at www.herts.police.uk/Report. In an emergency or if a crime is on-going, report it immediately via **999. ** The support of an LGBT+ Officer can then be requested if required. We will treat what you tell us sensitively and in confidence.

PC Donna Horward (Hate Crime Officer), Helen Whitehead (Hate Crime Policy Officer), Beatrice Thirkettle (Herts FA Football Development Officer), Chief Inspector Chris Treadwell, PC Pat Davey (Hate Crime Officer)
