```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A new Closure Order was granted by Stevenage Magistrates on flat in Stevenage after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team took action against the occupiers who have been involved in drug related anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2019
title: Closure Order secured on Stevenage property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-stevenage-property-2394e
```

A new Closure Order was granted by Stevenage Magistrates on flat in Stevenage after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team took action against the occupiers who have been involved in drug related anti-social behaviour.

The Closure Order was granted on Tuesday January 15, under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014. It bans anyone from entering the property in **Monument Court** for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

Police had received complaints from local residents about people using the flat and some of the communal areas in an anti-social manner linked to drug dealing, drug use and people causing a disturbance.

Sergeant Simon Mullan from the Stevenage Community Safety Unit said **:** "Prior to securing the closure order we had received a large number of complaints relating to the activity of the occupants. We have worked closely with residents and the property management company to try to solve the problem, made more complex by virtue of the fact that the flat was occupied by the owner, as opposed to a tenant.

"By taking this action to fully close the address, we hope to provide residents of Monument Court with some respite from the on-going issues. We take reports like this very seriously and along with our partner agencies, have worked extremely hard to gather evidence to support the application. This is often a long process so I would like to reassure residents that just because action is not taken immediately, please do not think we are not tackling the problem.

 "I would continue to urge members of the community to report any anti-social behaviour of this nature to the police."
