```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A number of high value bikes have been stolen in a burglary in Stanstead Abbotts and officers are appealing for help and information from the public.
publish:
  date: 7 Apr 2020
title: Appeal after high value bikes stolen
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-high-value-bikes-stolen-0017a
```

* ## High value bikes stolen in burglary in Stanstead Abbotts.

 * ## Thieves target shop in the Maltings for late night raid.

 * ## Police appeal for people to get in touch if they see or are offered bikes or bike parts for sale.

A number of high value bikes have been stolen in a burglary in Stanstead Abbotts and officers are appealing for help and information from the public.

On Monday 16 March between 12am and 1.30am, Bike Active in the Maltings was broken into and 18 high value bicycles were stolen.

The offenders managed to break in to the unit at around 12.15am and then returned at around 1am and removed the bikes. They were removing the cycles until 1.30am and then left the Maltings via the rear gate leading to the fishing lakes.

Investigating officer PCSO Jordan Critchley said: "We are appealing for anyone who has been offered or seen any high value bikes like the ones pictured, or bike parts for sale, to get in touch. It is likely that they will be sold at less than their market value.

"We believe there were three offenders involved, all dressed in black tracksuits, and they used a van to remove the bikes from the shop."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Jordan Critchley directly via email.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/23489/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
