```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: An operation was carried out in Tring on Sunday (December 9) to target illegal drivers.
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2018
title: ANPR operation to target illegal drivers in Tring
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/anpr-operation-to-target-illegal-drivers-in-tring-2229d
```

* ### Local officers and Special Constables were involved in the operation.

 * ### 720 vehicles were checked by ANPR.

 * ### Two vehicles were seized and seven Traffic Offence Reports were issued.

An operation was carried out in Tring on Sunday (December 9) to target illegal drivers.

Local officers and Special Constables used Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology to identify people driving without a licence, insurance, MOT or tax.

During the four-hour operation, 720 vehicles were checked through ANPR, of which 33 were stopped.

As a result:

 * One vehicle was seized for being driven without insurance.
 * One vehicle was seized as the driver was driving without a full driving licence.
 * Nine vehicles were tested for red diesel.
 * Seven Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) were issued for offences such as no MOT and driving without wearing a seatbelt. They could now face a fine and/or points on their licence.

Local PC, Lazarus Clark said: "This operation was extremely successful and we will be holding further days of action in Tring in the near future. Please ensure that you check your vehicle before driving it. Ensure that your tyres have sufficient tread on them, all your lights are working and that your vehicle has valid tax, MOT and insurance."
