```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man arrested on suspicion of murder in Hatfield has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
publish:
  date: 14 Jun 2019
title: Man released under investigation in connection with Hatfield murder
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-released-under-investigation-in-connection-with-hatfield-murder-0371
```

* ### A man arrested on suspicion of murder in Hatfield has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

 * ### On Monday (June 10), the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in Hatfield.

 * ### Despite the best efforts of the emergency services, 23-year-old Cameron Hill, from North Mymms, sadly died.

 * ### Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting ISR 25 of June 10.

A man arrested on suspicion of murder in Hatfield has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

At 1.25am on Monday (June 10), the ambulance service contacted police to report that a man had sustained stab wounds at a block of flats in St Peters Close, off St Albans Road West.

Despite the best efforts of the emergency services at the scene, and later at Lister Hospital, 23-year-old Cameron Hill, from North Mymms, sadly died.

The Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit launched a murder investigation and a number of people were subsequently arrested.

A 51-year-old man from Hatfield who was arrested on suspicion of murder has now been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Officers are still appealing for witnesses or anyone with information to come forward.

Anyone with any information should contact the BCH Major Crime Unit via Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency number 101, quoting reference ISR 25 of June 10.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here: herts.police.uk/contact.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * Three people, charged with murder, have been remanded in custody and will appear for a preliminary hearing St Albans Crown Court on Monday, June 17 at 10am. They are Christy Bishop, age 37, of St Peters Close, Hatfield; Nicholas Pitts, age 38, of Stockbreach Road, Hatfield; and a 16-year-old boy from Hatfield.
