```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident of fraud in Ware where an elderly woman was targeted are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 24 Oct 2017
title: Rogue trader targets elderly woman in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Rogue-trader-targets-elderly-woman-in-Ware
```

* ### Rogue trader pretended to be a window cleaner.

 * ### Officers are asking the public for help in identifying the offender.

 * ### If you believe you have been a victim please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary by calling 101.

Officers investigating an incident of fraud in Ware where an elderly woman was targeted are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between Monday, August 28 and Tuesday, September 5, the offender knocked on the 95 year old victim's front door in the Star Street area and claimed to be her window cleaner. He said he had cleaned her windows and she gave him £10 in payment. The victim later realised that her windows had not been cleaned and the man was not in any way connected to her regular window cleaner.

The offender is described as a tall white man, aged 40 to 45 years old and he was wearing a flat cap.

PCSO Jordan Critchley said: "We have carried out significant enquiries in our efforts to identify this offender and now we are seeking the public's help.

"If you have seen a man matching the description posing as a window cleaner in the area or you too have been duped into handing over money for work that has not been carried out please get in touch by calling the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference A1/17/2967."

Alternatively contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

**Hertfordshire Constabulary offers the following advice to help people protect themselves from rogue traders:**

 * If someone calls at your door offering to do some work for you, do not agree to the work there and then or part with any cash.
 * Don't take their word that the work needs to be done. Ask for a written quote on headed paper and if you think it does need to be done then get quotes from other local companies or ask friends and relatives for a recommendation.
 * If you are in doubt, take information and contact Citizens Advice Consumer Service on 03454 04 05 06 to check their legitimacy.
