```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Teams were out and about in the town today (Thursday December 13) carrying out special high visibility patrols in the run up to Christmas and encouraging sign-ups to Neighbourhood Watch.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2018
title: Local officers help residents stay safe
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Local-officers-help-residents-stay-safe-2234
```

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Teams were out and about in the town today (Thursday December 13) carrying out special high visibility patrols in the run up to Christmas and encouraging sign-ups to Neighbourhood Watch.

"At this this time of year we tend to see a rise in crimes such as shoplifting, purse dipping and vehicle crime, as more people are out and about in the run up to Christmas," explained Neighbourhood Sergeant Nic Achilleos.

"Today we have been patrolling our shopping areas chatting to local residents, handing out crime prevention information and encouraging sign ups to Neighbourhood Watch. We are keen to get as many people as possible signed up as it is a great way to stay in touch with our communities and a very effective form of two way communication between local officers and their communities."

There are currently more than 22 per cent of households in Stevenage already directly receiving emails about crimes, suspicious activity and police events in their area. The emails are sent by the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNT) to all residents signed up to Neighbourhood Watch via the Online Watch Link (OWL) www.owl.co.uk . They provide information about crimes being committed in local areas, missing people, wanted offenders, local police events and crime prevention advice.

Dedicated Neighbourhood Watch Liaison officers manage the sign ups and also send out information along with our SNT officers. It really does not require any other action apart from providing an email address or phone number.

Simply sign up to NHW via OWL @ www.owl.co.uk or contact your local Watch Liaison Officer - Verity Soued - by calling 101 or emailing: _verity.soued@herts.pnn.police.uk_ .

With the festive shopping season in full swing local residents are being reminded to take extra care while out and about in town:

 * Keep handbags securely closed and tucked under your arm if possible.
 * Keep wallets in a front pocket rather than a back one.
 * Be aware of who is around you, especially when using a cash point. Always keep your pin number hidden.
 * Don't leave valuables or shopping on display in your vehicle and try to avoid returning to your car to leave your purchases while you continue shopping.
