```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man found guilty of sexual activity with a woman who had learning difficulties was yesterday (Wednesday, September 5) sentenced to nine years in prison.
publish:
  date: 6 Sep 2018
title: "Man sentenced for a sexual offence \u2013 Stevenage"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-a-sexual-offence-stevenage-1737E
```

* ### Darren Swaine was sentenced to nine years in prison after being found guilty of having sexual intercourse with a woman who had learning difficulties.

 * ### He persuaded the victim to let him into her home in Stevenage on December 12, 2015.

 * ### Swaine was arrested after his image was captured on a CCTV camera that had previously been installed by the local policing team.

A man found guilty of sexual activity with a woman who had learning difficulties was yesterday (Wednesday, September 5) sentenced to nine years in prison.

Darren Swaine, aged 37, of Cherwell Drive, Stevenage, appeared before St Albans Crown Court after being charged with having sexual intercourse with a person with a mental disorder.

The court previously heard that on Saturday December 12, 2015, Swaine approached a property in Durham Road, Stevenage, and knocked on the window.

He persuaded the female occupant, who was aged in her 50s at the time, to let him in for a cup of tea because he was cold.

She did so and they began talking before Swaine had sexual intercourse with her. He then left the scene.

The victim, who was left confused and in pain, called the police the next day to report what had happened.

An investigation was immediately launched by the Sexual Offences Investigation Team and Swaine was arrested shortly after his image was circulated in the local media.

He had been captured on the victim's home CCTV camera, which had been previously installed as a safety measure by the local Safer Neighbourhood Team.

Detective Constable James Milbourn, who led the investigation, said: "This was a horrendous case, not only because that the victim suffered such a horrific ordeal but that Swaine deliberately targeted her knowing she was vulnerable.

"He has shown himself to be a dangerous man so I am pleased with the judge's sentence today. Swaine will no longer be a threat to the public.

"I hope the victim takes some comfort in yesterday's outcome and she can now begin to move forward with her life."

Swaine will be placed on the Sexual Offenders' Register for life and, if he commits another offence if he is released on parole in the future, he will serve a further three year custodial sentence - making a possible total of 12 years.

Darren Swaine
