```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Closure Order has been secured on another flat in Monument Court following complaints from local residents about drug dealing from the address.
publish:
  date: 7 Jun 2019
title: Second Closure Order secured in Monument Court
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/second-closure-order-secured-in-monument-court-0330e
```

* ### A Closure Order has been secured on another flat in Monument Court following complaints from local residents about drug dealing from the address.

 * ### The order was granted by Stevenage Magistrates to close the town centre flat today (Friday, June 7) after local police teams executed warrants at the flat.

 * ### It bans anyone from entering the property for three months and should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

A Closure Order has been secured on another flat in Monument Court following complaints from local residents about drug dealing from the address.

The order was granted by Stevenage Magistrates to close the town centre flat today (Friday, June 7) after local police teams took action following reports that dealers had moved into the address to sell drugs - a move known as cuckooing .

A warrant was executed at the flat on Thursday, May 23 and on Monday, June 3, a 40 year old man, who claimed to be staying at the address, was arrested nearby on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. It bans anyone from entering the property in **Monument Court** for three months. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

Sergeant Simon Mullan, from the Stevenage Community Safety Unit, said **:** "This is the second closure order we have sought for a flat in this court recently. We endeavour to make it ever harder for drug dealers to do business in Stevenage, and if anyone lets dealers use their address to sell drugs, they run the risk of having their address closed down too.

"We are very grateful to the local residents who have kept us informed about the activity of those suspected of dealing drugs in this location, and we're grateful to the staff at Aldwyck Housing who worked tirelessly in partnership with us to get this order granted. We will continue to act swiftly on any intelligence we receive.

"We will also continue to work with partners to raise awareness of drug crime among young people, parents, teachers and other members of the community, to help protect the vulnerable and prevent them from being pulled into this kind of activity."

If you suspect that a property in your area is being used for criminal activity or you believe that someone you know is being exploited or coerced into crime, please contact the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101 or report information online.

If you are part of a gang or believe you are being coerced or exploited by criminal gang members you can get help and advice here, which provides non-judgemental advice and allows you to give information 100% anonymously.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
