```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after an Apple iMac was stolen from a shop in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 30 Mar 2021
title: Appeal following theft of Apple iMac in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-theft-of-apple-imac-in-stevenage-1373e
```

* ## The iMac was stolen from Tech Pros in Queensway at around 4.45pm on Sunday 21 March.

 * ## The suspect, a white male, turned left out of the shop and ran towards the direction of the library.

 * ## He was joined by two males who made off with him.

 * ## If you can help call 101 or email PC Lewis Surallie quoting crime reference 41/20452/21.

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses after an Apple iMac was stolen from a shop in Stevenage.

The item was stolen from Tech Pros in Queensway at around 4.45pm on Sunday 21 March.

The suspect, a white male, turned left out of the shop and ran towards the direction of the library. He was joined by two males who made off with him.

PC Lewis Surallie, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anybody who saw what happened or anyone with information about the theft to get in touch. Perhaps you saw the males running off? Any information, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital.

"I'd also like to hear from anyone who thinks they have seen or been offered the iMac for sale. It's an iMac 16, 2-4k with a 21.5inch screen and 8GB of RAM.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me quoting crime reference 41/20452/21."

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit Herts echo (opens in a new window) and tell us your thoughts.

**

**
