```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Looking for a new opportunity in 2020? Think you can help make a positive difference to young people\u2019s lives?"
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2020
title: New year, new challenge? Become a volunteer cadet leader
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-year-new-challenge-become-a-volunteer-cadet-leader-1305all
```

* ## Hertfordshire currently has 11 cadet groups.

 * ## Being a cadet leader is a great way to give something back to the community.

 * ## Policing knowledge is desirable but not essential.

Looking for a new opportunity in 2020? Think you can help make a positive difference to young people's lives? Hertfordshire's Volunteer Police Cadet scheme is currently seeking dedicated and inspiring individuals to become cadet leaders.

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention.

The cadet scheme in Hertfordshire currently has 11 active groups and volunteer positions are currently available across the county.

As a cadet leader, you will work as part of a small, dynamic team to deliver lessons and scenarios in a fun and practical way, working to the National Cadet Curriculum. Policing knowledge is desirable but not essential.

Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Pete Frost said: "Our cadets come from all walks of life and our leaders often comment on how rewarding it is to see how these young people progress under their guidance and leadership.

"Being a volunteer cadet leader is a fantastic opportunity to give something back to your local community, while also learning new skills in the process. The commitment can range from as little as one or two sessions a month, to every week and some weekends.

"If you are interested, or would like to find out more, please get in contact.

"For more information about the role, or to apply, visit or email.
