```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing images of suspected stolen tools, which have been recovered in Cheshunt, in the hope of identifying the rightful owners
publish:
  date: 16 Jul 2018
title: Do you recognise these tools?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/do-you-recognise-these-tools-0522K
```

* ### Do you recognise these tools?

 * ### They were recovered by police in Cheshunt on Sunday, July 15.

 * ### Officers are working to reunite the suspected stolen items with the rightful owners.

 * ### Two people have been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Police are releasing images of suspected stolen tools, which have been recovered in Cheshunt, in the hope of identifying the rightful owners.

The tools were recovered in Crossbrook Street yesterday (Sunday, July 15).

A 43 year old man of no fixed address and a 37 year old man from Cheshunt have been arrested on suspicion of profiting from or concealing knowledge of the proceeds of crime. They have both been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

If you recognise the items pictured please contact PC Steve Tredgett by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/17689/18 or report information online

Keeping your van and tools safe:

Vans are often targeted by thieves for their tools. Here are a few simple tips to help secure your van and its contents:

 * It might sound obvious, but make sure you lock the doors and shut the windows whenever you leave your van unattended.
 * Never leave any valuables visible - keep ALL possessions out of sight. Even if you know that there is nothing valuable in your jacket pocket or file left on the seat, a thief may try their luck.
 * Remove tools from your van when left over night.
 * If removal of tools is not possible, fit a tool safe and ensure it is fully secured with good quality locks.
 * Consider parking your van close to a hedge or wall in order to restrict access for anyone trying to get inside.
 * Engrave or mark tools and their boxes with your postcode and house number.
 * Fit additional locks external locks to van doors.
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamps, and remember to set your immobiliser and alarm if you have one.
 * Fit a dual band tracking device that works on VHF/UHF and GPS to ensure that one tracking system is still functioning if criminals use GPS blocking techniques to avoid detection. Purchase devices to 'Thatcham' and 'SBD' approval to combat this type of vehicle theft, as vehicles equipped with a tracking device are often promptly recovered.
 * Use a "Pedal Box Guard" to encase the pedals when the vehicle is not in use.
 * Fit an on-board diagnostic (OBD) safe device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's OBD port, inside the cabin, to prevent additional keys being coded.
 * We recommend products that are Sold Secure, or Secured By Design.
 * Hertfordshire residents can get a ten percent discount on vehicle security products through Protect a Van.

Images of suspected stolen tools
