```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an attempted burglary in Berkhamsted are releasing an image of a man they would like to speak to who may be able to assist with the investigation.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Appeal after homes under renovation targeted by burglars
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-homes-under-renovation-targeted-by-burglars-0018d
```

* ### Officers investigating an attempted burglary in Berkhamsted are releasing an image of a man who may be able to assist with the investigation.

 * ### Residents carrying out renovations on their properties are being reminded to stay vigilant.

 * ### If you recognise the man, contact PC Sue Desmond on 101 or through email at susan.desmond@herts.pnn.police.uk

Officers investigating an attempted burglary in Berkhamsted are releasing an image of a man they would like to speak to who may be able to assist with the investigation.

At around 6.30am on Sunday, March 31, a man was seen descending a ladder with a bag of copper piping in his hand. The man dropped the bag when he was questioned by a neighbour and drove off in a white Peugeot Partner van.

A second incident occurred on Sunday, March 31, between 9am and 10am when a property under renovation was broken into after the offender(s) climbed scaffolding to enter the property. It is believed nothing was stolen.

PC Sue Desmond, from the Berkhamsted Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "As the weather warms up, a lot of people are carrying out renovations on their properties and we're reminding home owners, builders and neighbours to remain vigilant. These offenders are targeting buildings for tools and materials as well as vehicles owned by tradespeople.

"Familiarise yourself with any builders or tradespeople working on the property and it's also worthwhile having the contact number of your neighbour whose home is under renovation in case you need to check any activity. Note down the index of any suspicious vehicles, particularly suspicious vans in the area, and we also advise builders to get their tools marked with their postcode and house number.

"Always report any suspicious incidents to police on 101. If you suspect a burglary is in progress, always call 999."

If you recognise the man pictured or witnessed either of these crimes please contact PC Desmond by emailing or the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/29363/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

**

**
