```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged incident of affray in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2017
title: Did you see alleged altercation in Hitchin?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-see-alleged-altercation-in-Hitchin-1151G
```

* ### Did you witness alleged altercation in the Market Place, Hitchin?

 * ### Police want to speak to a number of people who were outside Osinsky's and may have seen what happened.

 * ### Three people have been arrested in connection with the incident.

Officers investigating an alleged incident of affray in Hitchin are appealing for information and witnesses.

At around 2.30am on Sunday, November 12, it is reported that a group of men were involved in a physical altercation with two other men outside Osinsky's in the Market Place.

PC Mathew Vincenti, who is investigating, said: "There were a number of people outside the club at the time of the alleged incident and I'm appealing for anyone who saw what happened to get in touch with me."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Vincenti via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G1/17/3563, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 24 year old man from Hitchin, a 24 year old man from Letchworth and a 25 year old man from Hitchin have been arrested on suspicion of affray. They have been released under investigation while police enquiries continue. A fourth man - a 22 year old from Stevenage - has also been interviewed as part of the investigation and enquiries are on-going. ** **
