```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Three men who stabbed a man outside a block of flats in Borehamwood when they tried to steal his bike have been jailed for 11 and a half years collectively.
publish:
  date: 6 Feb 2018
title: Three men jailed for street robbery - Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-men-jailed-for-street-robbery-Borehamwood
```

* ### Three men jailed after street robbery in Leeming Road, Borehamwood

 * ### The victim, a 19-year-old man, suffered a stab wound following the incident on March 7, 2017

 * ### Offenders were sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on January 31, 2018

Three men who stabbed a man outside a block of flats in Borehamwood when they tried to steal his bike have been jailed for 11 and a half years collectively.

Ryan Pearce, aged 22, of St Neots Close, Borehamwood, Steven Miles, aged 19 years, of Hartforde Road, Borehamwood and Frankie Hughes, aged 18, of Stratfield Road, Borehamwood, were sentenced at St Albans Crown Court on Wednesday, January 31.

The court heard that on Tuesday, March 7, 2017 the victim, a 19-year-old man, had earlier recovered his stolen mountain bike before he was approached by the three offenders in Leeming Road, Borehamwood, who had the intention of stealing it.

Together they attacked him by punching him repeatedly before Pearce produced a knife and stabbed him, causing a puncture wound under his right armpit. They then left the scene with the bike. The victim has since made a full recovery.

Following a quick response from officers who were first at the scene and an efficient investigation by detectives, all three were arrested and charged before pleading not guilty.

Following a one-week trial, Ryan Pearce was sentenced to six and a half years for robbery, four years for GBH and two years for possession of an offensive weapon. The latter two sentences will run concurrently to the first.

Steven Miles was sentenced to four years for robbery and Frankie Hughes was sentenced to three years, again for robbery.

His Honourable Judge Stephen Warner said: "This was a very frightening experience for the victim. Each of you played a willing role in this joint enterprise and there was some element of disguise, albeit that this was not effective. Each of you contested the trial and the jury dismissed your defences. I cannot give any credit for pleading guilty and you obliged the victim to give evidence and relive the incident."

Investigating officer Detective Constable Andrew Paveley, from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit, said: "This was a particularly nasty stranger attack and thankfully the victim was not seriously injured or worse. I am pleased with the sentences the judge has handed out to Pearce, Miles and Hughes.

"I hope they act as a deterrent to any young people who choose to carry knives - if you use them as a weapon, you will likely face a significant custodial sentence."
