```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire Constabulary\u2019s Use of Force Scrutiny Panel met for the first time on Thursday, June 21."
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Community Use of Force Scrutiny Panel meets for the first time
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/community-use-of-force-scrutiny-panel-meets-for-the-first-time-0424all
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary's Use of Force Scrutiny Panel met for the first time on Thursday, June 21.

The independent panel, which is made up of volunteers from the community, will meet bimonthly to review the Constabulary's use of force records. It will operate in a similar way to the Stop and Search Scrutiny Panel.

Members of the panel will scrutinise the Constabulary's use of force, which can include unarmed defence tactics, the use of physical restraint, such as handcuffs, and the use of other police equipment, such as incapacitant spray.

By examining records, officer statements and body worn video footage, they will provide feedback to the force, highlighting any areas of concern or good practice.

Superintendent Fiona Gaskell from the Hertfordshire Constabulary's Crime Reduction and Community Safety Unit said: "The aim of the panel is to improve the quality of policing in Hertfordshire and enhance the trust and confidence of the community we serve.

"Random dip-samples will take place and the panel will then meet to look at the appropriateness of the use of force used.

"Representatives from the Staff Protection Team and Professional Standards Department will act as experts and assist in answering questions the panel may have, sharing their experience and knowledge."

Minutes from the meetings will be published on the Force's website.

Supt Gaskell added: "This is a really positive step for the Constabulary and we look forward to receiving the panel's first meeting's feedback, which will us allow to better review the way we work.

"If anyone is interested in joining the panel we would welcome their application. Volunteer members must live, work or study within Hertfordshire and be able to regularly attend meetings. Further details can be found on our website."
