```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of racially aggravated public order in Royston.
publish:
  date: 6 May 2020
title: Witnesses sought to public order offence in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-to-public-order-offence-in-royston-0088
```

* ### Did you witness a public order offence on Friday (1 May) in Royston?

 * ### lt took place inside the Tesco Metro on Old North Road around 10am.

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/34422/20 if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses and information following an incident of racially aggravated public order in Royston.

The incident took place at Tesco Extra, Old North Road on Friday 1 May, at around 10am. It was reported that offensive language was used towards a member of staff near the customer service desk.

Enquiries are continuing and police are looking to hear from anyone who was in the store at the time and saw the incident.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/34422/20.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

* A 49 year old man from Whitstable, Kent was arrested under section four of the public order act. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
