```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hare coursing, fly-tipping and damage to crops will be the focus of police attention across Hertfordshire as the Constabulary marks Rural Crime Week.
publish:
  date: 4 Oct 2019
title: Rural Crime Week 2019
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rural-crime-week-2019-0853
```

* ### The event launches on Sunday (6 October).

 * ### Officers will be conducting patrols and operations across the county.

 * ### Police will also be working alongside partner agencies throughout the week.

Hare coursing, fly-tipping and damage to crops will be the focus of police attention across Hertfordshire as the Constabulary marks Rural Crime Week (October 6-13).

Throughout the week, officers - working in conjunction with partner agencies - will be conducting targeted patrols and operations across known hotspots and vulnerable areas, to disrupt and deter would-be criminals.

They will also be engaging with members of the rural community to talk to them about any issues they may be experiencing and give crime prevention advice.

Officers will also be using Rural Crime Week to further promote What 3 Words, an app which allows people to pinpoint their location to within three metres squared, something which could prove crucial during an emergency in a remote location.

Chief Inspector Lynda Coates, who is coordinating Rural Crime Week across the county, said: "Hertfordshire has large rural areas which can face quite unique crime issues. This is something the Constabulary takes seriously all year round but we will be using Rural Crime Week to place additional focus on criminals who specifically target these communities.

"When a crime occurs in a rural area, it has the potential to have a significant impact not only on the victim themselves but, in many cases, their livelihood and the community as a whole. We want to reassure our rural communities that we understand the issues they face and work with them to help prevent them from becoming victims of crime."
