```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for the driver of a grey Range Rover to come forward following a police pursuit near London Colney.
publish:
  date: 23 Apr 2019
title: "Driver of grey Range Rover sought following collision \u2013 London Colney"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/driver-of-grey-range-rover-sought-following-collision-london-colney-0115f
```

* ### Police would like to trace the driver and any passengers travelling in a grey Range Rover that was in collision with a silver Renault Clio.

 * ### The Clio was being pursued by police and struck the Range Rover on the London Colney roundabout at around 7pm on April 16.

 * ### If you were in the Range Rover, please contact police as soon as possible as officers believe you will have witnessed the pursuit and could help their investigation.

Officers are appealing for the driver of a grey Range Rover to come forward following a police pursuit near London Colney.

It happened on the A414 at 7pm on Tuesday, April 16.

A silver Renault Clio was being pursued by police before it made contact with a grey Range Rover on the London Colney roundabout.

The pursuit continued to Potters Bar where the driver exited the vehicle and was detained by officers.

PC Lee Hammond, who is investigating, said: "We would like to speak to the driver of the Range Rover as we believe they will have vital information that could assist the investigation.

"Officers were unable to speak with them at the time of the incident as their main priority was to minimise the risk to the public and bring the Renault Clio to a safe stop.

"If you were the driver of the Range Rover, or a passenger in that vehicle, we would really like to hear from you."

If this was you, or you have any more information, please contact PC Lee Hammond by emailing, report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/34618/19.

Online web chat can be launched here.

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

 * Tyrone Kafeero, aged 18, of no fixed address, has been charged with driving while disqualified, failing to stop for police, using a motor vehicle without insurance and dangerous driving. He has been remanded and is next due to appear at court on May 24.
