```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating a serious assault (ABH) in Hemel Hempstead are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify, as it\u2019s believed he may be able to assist with their investigation."
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2019
title: Appeal following serious assault in Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-serious-assault-in-dacorum-1142
```

* ### Officers are investigating an assault in Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### The incident happened on Saturday 26 October, outside the Full House Pub in Marlowes.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers investigating a serious assault (ABH) in Hemel Hempstead are releasing an image of a man they would like to identify, as it's believed he may be able to assist with their investigation.

The incident happened at around 12.30am on Saturday 26 October, outside the Full House pub in Marlowes.

A 40-year-old man was assaulted after leaving the premises. He was punched in the head, and was knocked unconscious. He sustained serious injuries.

Detective Constable Greenaway, who is investigating, said: "This incident took place in the early hours of the morning at a busy location in the town. We believe that there would have been many people in the area.

"I want to appeal to those who were in the smoking area of the pub, or passers-by who may have witnessed the assault, to get in contact with us as you may have information that could help us solve this case.

"Alternatively, if you recognise the male pictured, please get in contact with us, as it is believed he may have been in the area at the time of the offence and could have information which could help our investigation."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/96829/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.

 * A 21-year-old man from Buckinghamshire was arrested on suspicion of assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH). He has since been released under investigation.
