```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A man has been jailed in connection with a courier fraud series which saw elderly victims in St Albans and Radlett conned out of around \xA350,000."
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2018
title: "Man jailed in connection with \xA350,000 fraud"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-in-connection-with-fraud-1937f
```

* ### The investigation was carried out by the Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit.

 * ### Koros pleaded guilty on the first day of the trial.

 * ### He has been sentenced to four years and six months.

A man has been jailed in connection with a courier fraud series which saw elderly victims in St Albans and Radlett conned out of around £50,000.

Between February and April 2018, Makis Koros contacted his victims, who were all over the age of 90, claiming to be a female bank official. They were then duped into handing over their bank cards, personal information and PIN numbers before being issued with bogus replacement cards.

This information was used by Koros to withdraw cash, purchase goods and make electronic bank transfers.

Officers from the Constabulary's Serious Fraud and Cyber Unit launched an investigation and were able to identify that the offender was operating from the Chingford area of north London, in the immediate vicinity of an address linked to courier frauds through intelligence.

The occupier of the address was identified as Koros, a UK national of Greek descent.

Officers executed a warrant and recovered a mobile phone which had been used to contact the victims, along with a 40-page document containing the victims' details, with handwritten annotations of PIN numbers and bank account details.

A quantity of cash and two further phones were also discovered, one of which had been used to contact couriers who collected bank cards from the victims.

Koros, aged 54, from Westward Road in Chingford, was arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit fraud by false representation and money laundering.

He pleaded guilty on the first day of the trial at St Albans Crown Court on Wednesday, October 10 and was sentenced to four years and six months imprisonment.

Confiscation proceedings are now taking place to try and recoup compensation for the victims.

Detective Constable Julian Griffiths, who led the investigation, said: "Koros is a career fraudster with in excess of 60 convictions. His despicable behaviour has left both his elderly victims and their families absolutely devastated. I hope the fact he is now behind bars comes as some small comfort to them as they try to move on from what has happened."

He continued: "We have secured several convictions against those involved in courier fraud and will continue to relentlessly pursue these callous fraudsters. We need people to help us by spreading the word about their tactics to help prevent people falling victim to them. Police and banks would never ask for your PIN number, or send a courier to collect bank cards. If you receive a call of a similar nature, please hang up and report it to police."

You can listen to a mock scam phone call here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYco9_iSK7k&feature=youtu.be

**Did you know?**

Phones are now available that automatically block withheld numbers, which can be used by offenders. People's service providers may also be able to assist with blocking unwanted calls.

Further information is available from Action Fraud - the national fraud and cybercrime reporting centre.
