```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police investigating an incident of criminal damage in Bishop\u2019s Stortford are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries."
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2019
title: "Criminal damage in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/criminal-damage-in-bishops-stortford-2683a
```

* ### A window was smashed at The George Hotel in North Street.

 * ### The suspect had left the area before police arrived.

 * ### Officers are keen to identify the man pictured as he may be able to assist with their enquiries.

Police investigating an incident of criminal damage in Bishop's Stortford are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

Shortly before 4.30am on Sunday, March 3, police were called to report that a window had been smashed at The George Hotel in North Street. Officers attended but the suspect had left the area.

PC Neil Randall said: "We would like to speak to the man pictured as he may have information which could assist our enquiries. I appreciate the images are not of the best quality but someone may know who he is. We'd also like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or events leading up to it."

Anyone who recognises the person pictured, or has information about the incident, should contact PC Randall via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/20232/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
