```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead where a woman had her engagement ring stolen have released a photo of the jewellery as part of their investigation.
publish:
  date: 24 Sep 2019
title: Engagement ring stolen during robbery in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/engagement-ring-stolen-during-robbery-in-hemel-hempstead-0810pr
```

* ### A woman was robbed in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### Her engagement ring was stolen

 * ### Police are appealing for anyone who has any information, or anyone who has seen the ring, to contact them

Detectives investigating a robbery in Hemel Hempstead where a woman had her engagement ring stolen have released a photo of the jewellery as part of their investigation.

The incident happened in the park off Longlands in Adeyfield, Hemel Hempstead, at 9.20pm on Saturday 14 September.

The victim, a woman in her 20s, was walking across the park when she was approached by three men who were all wearing bandanas covering their faces.

They grabbed her diamond engagement ring from her finger and stole a packet of cigarettes from her handbag before running off.

They were all wearing dark-coloured clothing and spoke with local accents.

Detective Constable Peter Spiers, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "This was an understandably alarming incident for the victim, who had a very precious item of jewellery taken from her.

"Thankfully she was not injured however I would like to reassure her that we are making extensive enquiries and doing all we can to trace those who are responsible.

"We are now sharing a photograph of her ring in case anyone has been offered it for sale, or they have any information which could lead us to the offenders."

If you have seen the ring or any information about the incident and have not yet spoken to us, please get in touch quoting crime reference **41/84093/19**.

You can email _peter.spiers@herts.pnn.police.uk_ , report information online, use online web chat or call 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website.
