```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a distinctive bicycle in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 27 Jan 2021
title: Have you seen distinctive bicycle stolen in Hatfield?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-distinctive-bicycle-stolen-in-hatfield-1124b
```

* ## The bicycle was stolen from outside Tesco, Oldings Corner.

 * ## It has distinctive red detailing added to it.

 * ## Anyone with information is asked to contact police.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following the theft of a distinctive bicycle in Hatfield.

The bike, which was locked and secured, was stolen from outside Tesco in Oldings Corner, between 4.30pm and 4.40pm on Friday (22 January).

It is described as a Ghost SE 13000 Special Edition, with customised red detailing on the wheels and under the handlebars.

PC Tia Lambert, who is investigating, said: "This bicycle is quite distinctive and relatively rare, so I am hoping anyone who has come across it over the weekend may remember doing so.

"I would also like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed someone acting suspiciously around the bike outside Tesco on Friday afternoon. If you have any information which could assist us, please get in touch."

Anyone with information is asked to please email PC Tia Lambert.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/5312/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

**

**
