```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Sierra Leone Police (SLP) spent two weeks in Welwyn Garden City learning about how Hertfordshire Constabulary conducts analysis and manages performance.
publish:
  date: 28 Feb 2020
title: Sierra Leone Police spend time with Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sierra-leone-police-spend-time-with-hertfordshire-constabulary-1475
```

* ### Four officers from Sierra Leone spend time with Hertfordshire Constabulary.

 * ### They're here learn about how Hertfordshire Constabulary conducts analysis and manages performance.

 * ### They also took the opportunity to teach us about their culture.

Officers from the Sierra Leone Police (SLP) spent two weeks in Welwyn Garden City learning about how Hertfordshire Constabulary conducts analysis and manages performance.

Inspector Foday Sidi Kajue, Inspector Emmanuel Mcormack, Sergeant Mohamed Koroma and PC Hassan Koroma flew more than 4,000 miles from the West African nation. They undertook training with local policing intelligence, HQ organisational learning and HQ change teams. They also visited Safer Neighbourhood Teams and the Force Communications Room, as well as meet Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant.

The visit was coordinated by Hertfordshire Superintendent Nick Caveney, who himself spent time with the officers in Sierra Leone. He was there in support of the UK's International Security Assistance Team - a UK mission to improve security, stability and prosperity in Sierra Leone.

Supt Caveney said: "The purpose of the visit was to help increase the analytical capabilities of the SLP, to enable them to bring a greater evidence base back to their policing operations.

"We have hugely enjoyed working with the officers, sharing their culture and enriching our own experiences alongside providing something of value to them."

The constabulary's use of the Police National Computer (PNC) database was of particular interest to the officers.

Insp Kajue, Head of Database for the SLP, said: "Hertfordshire has good coordination when it comes to sharing data amongst personnel. PNC is a website which every police officer can go to find all the details about a suspect just by typing their name and that's something that we don't have."

As well as work, the four Sierra Leone officers also managed to find some time to take a tour to many sites around London. This included The Palace of Westminster, Tower Bridge, The Tower of London and Arsenal FC's Emirates Stadium.

Like police officers in Hertfordshire, the officers from SLP come from a variety of backgrounds with two officers attending Friday prayers, while the other two attending church locally during their stay.

PC Gary Bentley, who is the chair of the Christian Police Association, them to Sunday service at Christchurch Baptist Church in Welwyn Garden City.
