```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Hoddesdon Safer Neighbourhood Team will be running a PL4TE S4FE event in a couple of weeks.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2018
title: Plate Safe event in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/plate-safe-event-in-hoddesdon-2104K
```

* ### Crime prevention event for drivers to get number plate security screws fitted for free.

 * ### The event will be at Hoddesdon Fire Station between 12pm and 2pm on Saturday December 8.

Officers from the Hoddesdon Safer Neighbourhood Team will be running a PL4TE S4FE event in a couple of weeks.

The event is being held at Hoddesdon Fire Station between 12 noon and 2pm on Saturday December 8.

Officers will be fitting tamperproof number plate screws and marking tools free of charge, as well as offering crime prevention advice and signing people up to Neighbourhood Watch via OWL.

Residents can sign up to receive emails about crime and incidents in their local area, along with associated crime prevention advice by logging on to the OWL system.

Broxbourne Neighbourhood Sergeant James Lacey, said: "Theft of car number plates can be hugely inconvenient and they can subsequently be used by criminals for offences such as bilking (stealing petrol) or evading speed camera fines. We're urging as many people as possible to come along to the event and get their plates secured. It only takes a few minutes and it's completely free.

"It's also a great opportunity to meet a few of the local police officers who work to keep your community safe."

For more vehicle crime prevention advice visit.
