```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 36-year-old man was jailed on Monday (April 9) after assaulting his partner in Potters Bar on Christmas Day.
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2018
title: "Man jailed for Christmas Day assault \u2013 Potters Bar/Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-Christmas-Day-assault-PottersBar-Watford-0049JC
```

* ### Watford man jailed for two years for Christmas Day assault.

 * ### Houslin, 36, punched and bit victim following argument.

 * ### Visit www.hertssunflower.org for advice and support about domestic abuse.

A 36-year-old man was jailed on Monday (April 9) after assaulting his partner in Potters Bar on Christmas Day.

Gregory Houslin, of St Albans Road, Watford, admitted actual bodily harm at St Albans Crown Court. He was sentenced to two years in prison on Monday April 9.

The assault followed an argument between Houslin and his partner at an address in Oakmere Avenue, Potters Bar, over the cooking of Christmas dinner.

He launched a violent assault on the woman, biting her face and pushing her down into a bed so she could not breathe. He then punched her and hit her head against a sink, causing significant injuries to her head and face.

The case was investigated by Hertfordshire Constabulary's specialist Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU).

Detective Constable Emily Stelling said: "This was a vicious and unprovoked attack on a woman following from a petty argument on Christmas Day.

"He has showed no remorse for his actions and even tried to get the victim to retract her statement against him. His sentence reflects the seriousness of his actions."

If you or someone you know is being affected by domestic abuse, please visit or speak to someone from the Herts Domestic Abuse helpline in confidence for free help, advice and support on 08 088 088 088 (open weekdays 9am-9pm and weekends 9am-4pm). In an emergency situation, always call 999.

Gregory Houslin
