```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an incident where rogue traders targeted an elderly woman in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 31 Jan 2019
title: Did you see rogue traders in Royston?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-see-rogue-traders-in-royston-2473g
```

* ### Rogue traders targeted an elderly woman in Royston.

 * ### They told her she needed to pay £5,000 for repairs to her roof.

 * ### The victim realised the men were trying to scam her and the police were called.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Goodwin as soon as possible.

Officers investigating an incident where rogue traders targeted an elderly woman in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between midday and 2pm on Saturday (January 26) two men went to the woman's home in the Bedlam Avenue area claiming that their company had previously carried out work there. They said they needed to check the roof.

The offenders, who had a ladder with them, 'checked' the roof and threw down three tiles claiming they were damaged. They said it would cost £5,000 to carry out the repairs.

They asked the victim - aged in her 70s - to go to her bank and get the cash so that they could start the work.

PC Karen Goodwin, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully the woman realised this was a scam and drove to her bank where she alerted staff and the police we called.

"Officers went to the woman's address but the offenders had already left.

"The offenders are described as two white men, who are aged in their 20s, and had a ladder with them. We believe that a dark coloured car parked in Thurnall Avenue and possibly a van that was in the area around the time of the offence could be linked to the offenders.

"I'm appealing for anyone who saw two men with a ladder in the area around the time stated to get in touch as you may be able to assist our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Goodwin by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/8588/19 or report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
