```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been given a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) banning him from a number of shops in Rickmansworth.
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2019
title: "Man given Criminal Behaviour Order after shoplifting spree \u2013 Three Rivers"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-given-criminal-behaviour-order-after-shoplifting-spree-three-rivers-0487c
```

* ### A man has been banned from three shops in Rickmansworth after pleading guilty to a number of shoplifting offences.

 * ### Jamie Lee, aged 31, of Stag Lane, Chorleywood, has been banned from an M&S, a BP garage and a Tesco Express.

 * ### This comes after he pleaded guilty to ten offences of shoplifting which he committed between October 2018 and June 2019.

A man has been given a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) banning him from a number of shops in Rickmansworth.

Jamie Lee, aged 31, of Stag Lane, Chorleywood, appeared before St Albans Magistrates Court on 26 June and pleaded guilty to ten counts of theft from a shop and one count of common assault.

This relates to a number of occasions from October 2018 to June 2019 where Lee shoplifted goods such as meat, fish and alcohol from M&S in Rickmansworth High Street, the BP Garage on Uxbridge Road in Rickmansworth and Tesco Express in Berry Lane, Rickmansworth.

On one particular occasion on 5 June this year, Lee was in M&S on Rickmansworth High Street when he attempted to shoplift a large amount of meat worth approximately £250\. A customer and a member of staff attempted to stop Lee when they noticed what he was doing, and he assaulted them both.

The CBO, which is in effect until May 2021, was applied for by the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green's Safer Neighbourhood Team and granted by the magistrates.

It prohibits Lee from entering all three premises for two years and if he breaches the conditions, he will be arrested.

Staff at all three locations have been informed and have been provided with a photograph of Lee so they are able to enforce the order.

Lee must also take part in a drug and alcohol rehabilitation programme, as well as pay court costs of £45, compensation of £122.50 and a victim surcharge of £85.

Sergeant Neil Canning, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Lee's offending has been prolific and as such he has been a scourge on the businesses in this community, consistently shoplifting day after day, and becoming aggressive towards people who bravely attempted to challenge his behaviour.

"The application of the order demonstrates that we are not averse to taking robust action against people whose activities have a detrimental effect on law-abiding members of the public.

"I would urge any residents who believe they are witnessing Lee breaching his conditions by entering any of these premises to not approach him but instead contact us with the details."

You can contact police by reporting information online, speaking to an operator via online web chat here or calling non-emergency number 101.
