```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have recovered items, including tools, which are believed to have been stolen and are appealing to the public to help reunite the property with the rightful owners.
publish:
  date: 2 Aug 2018
title: Do you recognise this property?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Do-you-recognise-this-property-0598
```

* ### Officers have recovered suspected stolen property from a street in Potters Bar.

 * ### The property, including tools, were found near to the service entrance to St Mary's Cemetery in Mutton Lane.

 * ### Information from a witness suggests the items were dumped by two men travelling in a blue hatchback type vehicle between 5am and 6am.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Paul Francis by emailing paul.francis2@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling 101, or reporting information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Officers have recovered items, including tools, which are believed to have been stolen and are appealing to the public to help reunite the property with the rightful owners.

The property was found near to the service entrance to St Mary's Cemetery (also known as Mutton Lane Cemetery) in Mutton Lane, Potters Bar, yesterday morning (Wednesday, August 1).

Information from a witness suggests the items were dumped by two men travelling in a blue hatchback type vehicle between 5am and 6am.

PC Paul Francis, who is investigating, said: "The property includes numerous empty tool boxes, tool bags - some empty and some with mixed tools inside, pressure gauges and other items.

"We believe these may have been stolen during van break-ins so I'm appealing for anyone who has recently been a victim of this type of crime to take a look at the images and consider whether the items belong to you.

"I'd also like to appeal for anyone who believes they saw two men acting suspiciously in the Mutton Lane area early yesterday morning to get in touch. Any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, may help us to piece together the puzzle and identify suspects while also reuniting these items with their owners."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Francis by emailing paul.francis2@herts.pnn.police.uk, calling the non-emergency number, quoting ISR 152 of August 1, or report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
