```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives in North Herts are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery at St Ippolyts stores.
publish:
  date: 11 Oct 2017
title: Witnesses sought following robbery
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-sought-following-robbery
```

* ### Detectives appeal for witnesses and information following robbery.

 * ### Robbery occurred at St Ippolyts stores on Friday, October 6 at around 6.30pm.

 * ### Cigarettes and cash stolen.

Detectives in North Herts are appealing for witnesses and information following a robbery at St Ippolyts stores.

The incident took place on Friday, October 6 at around 6.30pm. It is believed that the offender has approached the stores from the direction of London Road in St. Ippolyts, just as the store was getting ready to close.

The offender, who is believed to have been in possession of a knife at the time, stole cigarettes and cash and then ran off across London Road in the direction of Brookend Lane in St Ippolyts.

The suspect is described as a white man, approximately 30 years old, around 5ft 9", of medium build, with ginger hair and brown eyes. He spoke with a northern accent.

Anyone who saw the offender before or after the robbery, or who has any information relating to this crime is asked to contact the Local Crime Unit at Hitchin Police Station on **101** and quote crime reference G1/17/3101.

Alternatively you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
