```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a racially aggravated public order offence in Watford.
publish:
  date: 9 Sep 2019
title: Appeal following racially aggravated public order offence in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-racially-aggravated-public-order-offence-in-watford-0739c
```

* ### On Wednesday 21 August, the victim was driving his car through Market Street when he became involved in a driving dispute.

 * ### This culminated in a verbal altercation with another driver on the Beechen Grove roundabout.

 * ### The offender was racially abusive to the victim.

 * ### Witnesses and those with information should contact PC Laura Grant on 101 or via email at laura.grant@herts.pnn.police.uk.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a racially aggravated public order offence in Watford.

At around 1.40pm on Wednesday 21 August, the victim - a 52 year old man, was driving his car through Market Street when he became involved in a driving dispute. This culminated in a verbal altercation with another driver on the Beechen Grove roundabout.

During the altercation, the offender was racially abusive to the victim.

The offender is described as a white man in his late forties to early fifties, of a very large build, and with a grey crew cut, grey beard and tattoos. He was wearing a navy blue sweatshirt and driving a blue Citroen XSARA.

PC Laura Grant, who is investigating, said: "This sort of behaviour has no place in Hertfordshire and we are doing all we can to trace the offender.

"I am urging any witnesses or anyone with information to get in touch. If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/75819/19.

You can also report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat, which can be launched here.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

** **
