```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested and charged in connection with a serious assault in Watford.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2020
title: "Man arrested and charged in connection with GBH \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-arrested-and-charged-in-connection-with-gbh-watford-0440
```

* ### James Diston, aged 27, of no fixed address, has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Watford

 * ### On Sunday 5 July, a man aged in his 20s suffered injuries after being assaulted in Horseshoe Lane, Garston

 * ### Diston has been remanded in custody and is next due to appear in court in September

A man has been arrested and charged in connection with a serious assault in Watford.

James Diston, aged 27, of no fixed address, has been charged with Section 18 grievous bodily harm (GBH) and possession of an offensive weapon.

The charges are in connection with a serious assault that happened in Horseshoe Lane, Garston, on Sunday 5 July where a man in his 20s suffered injuries that required him to be hospitalised.

Diston has been remanded in custody and is next scheduled to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Tuesday 1 September.

 * Danny Hardy, aged 30, of The Gossamers, Watford, was previously charged with Section 18 GBH and perverting the course of justice in connection with the assault. He has been remanded in custody and is next scheduled to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 17 August.

A 29 year old man from Watford was previously arrested on suspicion of Section 18 GBH in connection with the assault. He has been released on conditional bail while enquiries continue.
