```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating two thefts from a shop in Rickmansworth have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: CCTV appeal following thefts in Rickmansworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-thefts-in-rickmansworth-2659c
```

* ### Do you recognise this person? Police would like to speak to them as part of their enquiries into thefts from a Tesco Express in Rickamansworth.

 * ### On February 7, two Easter eggs were stolen and on February 9, a case of wine was taken.

 * ### If you know the person pictured, please contact police quoting 41/13125/19.

Officers investigating two thefts from a shop in Rickmansworth have released an image of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

The thefts happened at Tesco Express on Tudor Parade, Berry Lane.

Just before 7.10am on Thursday, February 7, offender(s) entered the store and took two chocolate Easter eggs before leaving without making any attempt to pay.

At 4.30pm on Saturday, February 9, offender(s) entered the store and took a case of wine before leaving without making any attempt to pay.

PCSO Emily Broadgate, from the Rickmansworth and Croxley Green Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are keen to identify and speak to the man pictured as we believe he may have been in the area at the time of the incidents and has information that may prove useful to our investigation."

If you recognise him, or have any further information, please contact PCSO Broadgate by emailing, report information online or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat, quoting reference 41/13125/19.

Online web chat can be launched here

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
