```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: To tackle tool thefts and van break-ins in Royston, the Safer Neighbourhood Team is holding a tool marking event in partnership with Royston First and North Herts District Council (NHDC).
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2018
title: Police to hold free tool marking with Royston First and North Herts District Council
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-to-hold-free-tool-marking-with-royston-first-and-north-herts-district-council-0282G
```

To tackle tool thefts and van break-ins in Royston, the Safer Neighbourhood Team is holding a tool marking event in partnership with Royston First and North Herts District Council (NHDC). On a first come first served basis, the event will also see officers handing out alarms and specialist tool marking fluid to help deter thieves to anyone who attends.

The event is taking place in at Therfield Heath car park between 10am and 2pm on Wednesday, June 6 and is part of a crime prevention initiative launched by the Safer Neighbourhood Team.

Royston Safer Neighbourhood Team also has equipment which will allow officers to engrave tools free of charge to help make them more easily identifiable and less attractive to thieves. Officers will also be able to mark possessions with brightly coloured paint or ultraviolet paint.

**Sergeant Guy Westwood, who is organising the event said:** "Unfortunately we have seen a rise in tool thefts from vehicles, garages and sheds in Royston recently. We are working hard to tackle this type of crime and hope that people will take advantage of this free service to help deter would-be thieves.

"As part of this, we have teamed up with Royston First and NHDC to hold this event to help owners of tools and vans in the area to protect their property.

"Engraving or marking your tools makes them less attractive to thieves and also easier to return if they are stolen and later recovered by police. The service has already proved extremely popular in other areas and we hope to see as many people as possible on the day."

Further tool marking events are planned and officers will also continue to make proactive visits to anyone they think may benefit from the service.

If you cannot make the event but would like to get your tools marked, please contact the Safer Neighbourhood Team on 01707 354192 or email
