```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following an incident of assault and criminal damage in Letchworth.
publish:
  date: 16 May 2018
title: CCTV appeal following assault and criminal damage in Letchworth
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-appeal-following-assault-and-criminal-damage-in-Letchworth0224MD
```

* ### The incident happened in the reception of the Premier Inn in Station Road on Sunday, February 25.

 * ### The man pictured is believed to have been in the area at the time and could have information that is vital to the investigation.

 * ### Anyone who recognises the man, or has any other information, should contact PC Lee Preece on 101 or lee.preece2@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference G2/18/413.

Officers have released a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to following an incident of assault and criminal damage in Letchworth.

The incident happened in the reception of the Premier Inn in Station Road on Sunday, February 25.

At around 2.15am, a verbal altercation took place between a man and the victim, a 27 year old woman.

The man then took the victim's phone before assaulting her and throwing the phone across the reception. The victim was left with bruising.

PC Lee Preece, who is investigating, said: "This was a vicious attack that caused immense distress to the victim.

"Significant enquiries have been carried out since the incident and we are now in the position to release an image of a man we would like to speak to about the incident. It is believed this man was in the area at the time and therefore he could have information that is vital to the investigation.

"If you recognise this man, or have any other information about the incident, please contact me on lee.preece2@herts.pnn.police.uk or the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G2/18/413."

You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report .

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
