```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Bright and ambitious university graduates looking to become police officers are being encouraged by Hertfordshire Constabulary to apply for the 2018 entry of the Police Now graduate recruitment programme.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2017
title: Applications still open for graduates to join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Applications-still-open-for-graduate-to-join-Hertfordshire-Constabulary
```

Bright and ambitious university graduates looking to become police officers are being encouraged by Hertfordshire Constabulary to apply for the 2018 entry of the Police Now graduate recruitment programme.

The programme offers top graduates the opportunity to pursue a highly ambitious career, helping to improve safety within the community and aiming to break the intergenerational cycle of crime in challenging areas.

September saw the Constabulary's first cohort of Police Now officers graduate from their Summer Academy training in London and they are now actively working within their assigned Safer Neighbourhood Teams.

During the two year programme, graduates become fully warranted police officers with responsibility for an area that could be home to as many as 20,000 people. They get to know their communities - the problems, the prominent offenders and the crime hotspots within them. Right from the beginning, they are expected to use innovative ideas and tactics to tackle the toughest problems and deliver high-impact results.

The programme is challenging but graduates are supported by mentors, coaches and line managers. Frontline training is delivered by a number of experts and a whole range of operational police officers. There are also opportunities to undertake prestigious three-week placements with one of Police Now's partner organisations, which give graduates exposure to the wide range of options available to them once they complete the Police Now programme.

PC Chris Rutter, who studied Modern and Medieval Languages (French and Spanish) at Cambridge University, is currently one of Hertfordshire Constabulary's first cohort of Police Now student officers. He said: "I couldn't believe how smooth the transition was from the Police Now Summer Academy training to becoming embedded into Hertfordshire Constabulary.

"My colleagues within my station have been supportive every step of the way and the in-force training helped to focus everything we had learnt in London with Police Now. I truly believe Police Now is the most fulfilling and enriching graduate scheme both on a personal and professional level, and would recommend it to people from all backgrounds."

The Police and Crime Commissioner, David Lloyd, is keen to encourage graduates to apply. He said: "I'm very pleased to support the Police Now programme and was delighted to attend the graduation of our most recent recruits. Hertfordshire Constabulary is working hard to attract the best candidates to roles in the force, either from graduates, volunteers or regular officers and staff. This is an exciting project and I urge people considering a career in policing to get involved."

Applications are open until 23 February 2018 and those interested should apply at www.policenow.org.uk
