```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged with seven offences and remanded in custody after three male police officers were assaulted in Watford.
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2020
title: "Man charged and remanded in connection with assault on police \u2013 Watford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-assault-on-police-watford-0545
```

* ### Class A and B drugs were recovered - along with a machete - after a vehicle stop in Watford

 * ### Jahdelle Williams-Campbell, aged 19, has been charged with seven offences after three police officers were assaulted following the vehicle stop

 * ### The three injured officers suffered bites and scratches, with one losing consciousness after being pushed to the floor

A man has been charged with seven offences and remanded in custody after three male police officers were assaulted in Watford.

Jahdelle Williams-Campbell, aged 19, of Elm Road, Wembley, London, was charged with:

 * Assault of an emergency worker (two counts)
 * Assault - actual bodily harm (one count)
 * Possession of a knife in a public place (one count)
 * Obstructing a police officer (one count)
 * Possession with intent to supply class A drugs (one count)
 * Possession with intent to supply class B drugs (one count)

The charges are in connection with an incident in Woodford Road, Watford, in the early hours of Sunday 23 August.

Officers on patrol stopped a vehicle that was seen driving in a suspicious manner, without its headlights on.

An occupant of the car attempted to make off from police and a struggle ensued. One officer suffered scratches to his face, another was bitten on his hand and another was pushed to the floor, where he hit his head and fell unconscious.

All three injured officers were taken to hospital for a check-up and were later discharged.

Additional police officers arrived at the scene before all occupants of the vehicle were detained and taken to custody.

Quantities of cocaine and cannabis were seized by officers, as well as numerous mobile phones and a machete with a 10 to 14-inch blade.

Williams-Campbell appeared before Hatfield Magistrates' Court yesterday (Tuesday 25 August) where he pleaded not guilty to all seven charges.

He has been remanded back into custody and is scheduled to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 28 September.

Two further males were arrested in connection with the incident. A 22 year old man from Wembley and a 16-year-old male from Stanmore were both arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
