```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged affray in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 2 Jun 2020
title: Appeal following alleged affray in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-affray-in-welwyn-garden-city-0180
```

Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following an alleged affray in Welwyn Garden City.

Police were called at 9.01pm yesterday (Monday 1 June) to reports of an alleged affray between a group of people in a car park in Peartree Lane.

A man in his twenties sustained a serious head injury and is currently in hospital. Officers attended the scene immediately and the police helicopter and dog unit was deployed to search for those involved.

A man was arrested in connection with the incident and officers recovered a knife from the scene.

Three offenders, all men, remain outstanding at this time.

Detective Sergeant Grant Bennett, from the Welwyn Hatfield Local Crime Unit, said: "A 20 year old man from Welwyn Garden City was arrested at the scene on suspicion of affray. He is currently in custody and we're carrying out extensive enquiries to trace those also suspected to be involved.

"Were you in the area? Did you see what happened? I would like to hear from anyone who thinks they can help. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital to our investigation.

"If you can help, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email me at grant.bennett@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting ISR 789 of 1 June."

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
