```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating an alleged GBH in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2018
title: Appeal following alleged GBH in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-alleged-gbh-in-stevenage-2066E
```

* ### Police were called at 3.25am yesterday (Sunday, November 11) to reports of a 16 year old boy with stab wounds in The Muntings, Stevenage.

 * ### The victim's injuries are not thought to be serious.

 * ### Anyone with information should call 101 or email Sgt Bianca Broadbent at bianca.broadbent@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference 41/55004/18.

 *

Officers investigating an alleged GBH in Stevenage are appealing for information and witnesses.

Police were called at 3.25am yesterday (Sunday, November 11) to reports of a 16 year old boy with stab wounds in The Muntings, Stevenage.

Officers attended, along with the ambulance service, and the victim was taken to hospital.

Detective Sergeant Bianca Broadbent, from the Stevenage Local Crime Unit, said: "Thankfully the victim's injuries are not thought to be serious.

"I would like to thank officers for their quick work in arresting the suspect.

"I am appealing for anyone who might have seen what happened to get in touch. Any information you have, no matter how small it might seem, could be vital for the investigation.

"If you saw what happened, or have information that could help us, please call the non-emergency number 101 or email quoting crime reference 41/55004/18."

 * A 24 year old man from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of GBH and possession of an offensive weapon. He has been released on bail with stringent conditions and will return to Stevenage Police Station on Thursday, December 6, at 3pm.

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
