```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership (HMSP) will launch a new Twitter account on May, 6, to help tackle modern slavery in the county.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2019
title: New Twitter channel launched to help tackle modern slavery in Hertfordshire
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-twitter-channel-launched-to-help-tackle-modern-slavery-in-hertfordshire-135
```

* ### @Hertsmsp Twitter account launching on May 6 to help tackle modern slavery in Hertfordshire

 * ### Twitter account developed by the Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership (HMSP)

 * ### Reported cases of modern slavery increased by eight per cent in county last year

The Hertfordshire Modern Slavery Partnership (HMSP) will launch a new Twitter account on May, 6, to help tackle modern slavery in the county.

The new channel, @hertsmsp, will aim to provide information to those at risk of exploitation, giving advice on how to find support and information about their legal rights. It will also share tips on how local residents and professionals can recognise the signs that someone is being exploited and refer them to the new www.stopexploitationherts.org.uk website, which will be launched on May 13.

The channel will also be used to gives updates on operations run by the partners including the dedicated policing team, Operation Tropic, and Hertfordshire County Council's Trading Standards team.

The Twitter account has been developed by the HMSP, which is a partnership between Hertfordshire Constabulary, Shiva Foundation, Hertfordshire County Council, NHS Trusts, the Police and Crime Commissioner for Hertfordshire (PCC) and many other local organisations.

Mark Harvey, Chair of the HMSP, said: "The number of reported cases of modern slavery remains low in Hertfordshire, however we are certain that this is an underreported issue. Many of those suffering exploitation have been trafficked from overseas and may not wish to engage with the police and other local authorities. For these reasons social media is an excellent way to deliver information directly to these hidden victims and give them the opportunity to access support, advice and eventually freedom.

"The channel will also help to raise awareness of this little recognised problem and help local residents to spot the signs that someone is being exploited and encourage them to report their concerns."
