```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a distraction burglary in Borehamwood have released an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2020
title: CCTV appeal following distraction burglary in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-distraction-burglary-in-borehamwood-1288
```

* ### A man entered an address on the pretence of doing work on the property.

 * ### The victim, an elderly woman, then gave him a large amount of cash.

 * ### Officers are appealing for information and hoping to identify a man they think could assist with enquiries.

Officers investigating a distraction burglary in Borehamwood have released an image of a man they would like to identify, as they believe he may be able to assist with their enquiries.

On Friday 3 January, at around 3.40pm, the suspect entered an address on the pretence of doing work on the property. It is alleged that the suspect told the victim, who is in her 70s, that she owed him money for previous work.

The victim then gave him a large amount of cash.

Investigator Kay Leverton said: "This is a terrible crime, where the suspect has taken advantage of a vulnerable elderly woman. The suspect has been described as having a London accent, so we believe it's possible that he might have links to the capital.

"If you recognise the man pictured, please let us know, as we believe that he was in the area and may have information which could help with our investigation.

"We are providing full support to the victim, and have ensured that the appropriate safeguarding measures have been put in place."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/715/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
