```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a serious collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses to collision in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-to-collision-in-hemel-hempstead-0740
```

* ### An elderly pedestrian was struck by a car in Figtree Hill, Hemel Hempstead.

 * ### The victim remains in hospital in a serious but stable condition.

 * ### Police are appealing for witnesses.

Officers investigating a serious collision in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for witnesses who may have any information.

The incident took place in Figtree Hill, near the junction of Queensway, just before 8am on Saturday 7 September.

An elderly male pedestrian was struck by a black Land Rover Discovery, causing serious injuries. He sustained a pelvic fracture, as well as severe lacerations to his legs and arms. He was taken to Watford General Hospital, where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

Police Constable Lee Wilkinson, from the Road Policing Unit, said: "If you were in the area and witnessed the collision, please get in touch. If you were in the area around the same time, and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, please review the footage and contact us if you believe you have anything which may assist us."

Anyone with information can contact PC Wilkinson directly via lee.wilkinson@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 171 of 7 September.

You can also report information online, or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
