```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a defibrillator in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2019
title: "Appeal following theft of defibrillator \u2013 Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-theft-of-defibrillator-Bishops-Stortford-2516
```

* ### Police believe a defibrillator was stolen from Bishop's Stortford at some stage before the afternoon of January 17.

 * ### The potentially life saving piece of equipment is usually situated inside the entrance to Causeway House in Dane Street.

 * ### Staff based inside the building noticed it was missing on the afternoon of January 17.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following the theft of a defibrillator in Bishop's Stortford.

The orange iPad defibrillator, which is stored inside a grey case, is usually situated inside the entrance to Causeway House in Dane Street.

However, staff based inside the building noticed that it was missing on the afternoon of January 17.

Sergeant Mark Collins, from the Bishop's Stortford Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Although the defibrillator was not initially reported to us as stolen, our enquiries - including contact with the ambulance service - suggests that it may have been stolen.

"This piece of potentially life-saving equipment has been provided to the local community so that it can be used in a medical emergency so it's important that we establish exactly what has happened to it.

"I'm appealing for anyone who may have information that could help us to locate the defibrillator and identify who has taken it to get in touch with me."

Anyone with information is asked to submit details online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/12112/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
