```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Thirteen new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday, January 24.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2019
title: Thirteen new Special Constables join Hertfordshire Constabulary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thirteen-new-special-constables-join-hertfordshire-constabulary-2242all
```

* ### Thirteen new volunteer Special Constables join Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary.

 * ### They have completed an 11 week training course and have the same powers as regular officers.

 * ### If you'd like to join, visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk

Thirteen new Special Constables were warmly welcomed into Hertfordshire Constabulary during their Attestation Ceremony at Police Headquarters on Thursday, January 24.

Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

During eleven weeks of training, the new recruits learnt about basic law around theft, public order, assaults, traffic, powers of arrest and Stop and Search. They also used a virtual learning environment which trained them in legislation.

Each graduate went through a rigorous selection process and had to pass a final exam and practical assessments to enable them to qualify for the role of Special Constable.

Those that graduated are:

 * **Eryka Morris** , who will be based at Borehamwood Police Station
 * **Laura Bruckner** , who will be based at Borehamwood Police Station
 * **Charlie Littlewood,** who will be based at Hitchin Police Station
 * **Alice Hay **,**** who will be based at Hatfield Police Station
 * **Adam Tilbury** , who will be based at Rickmansworth Police Station
 * **Duane Parkin,** who will be based at St Albans Police Station
 * **Connor Malins** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * **Patrick Kennedy** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * **Steven Kelly** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * **Hannah Hardie** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * **Georgia Edwards** , who will be based at Stevenage Police Station
 * **Liam Daniels,** who will be based at Watford Police Station
 * **Thomas McMillan** , who will be based at Watford Police Station

They were attested in front of their family and friends, and local dignitaries.

Over the next 12 months, the new recruits will continue their training, allowing them to pass out as substantive Special Constables once they are assessed as fit for independent patrol.

**Superintendent Richard Liversidge awarded the Specials with their certificates. He said:** "I'm delighted to welcome these Special Constables to the Constabulary. It's a hugely rewarding volunteering role that will provide them with experiences like no other. Our policing teams see the great benefit Specials bring to the Constabulary and I know they will be warmly welcomed into their local stations as they begin their first shifts.

**" Special Constabulary Chief Officer, Mark Kendrew said:** "I was delighted to meet our new Special Constables and I am very proud to welcome them to our dedicated team. They have been through a rigorous recruitment process and spent a number of weeks completing the intensive training required to fulfil the role of a Special Constable.

"Becoming a Special Constable brings with it the promise of being involved in something exciting, worthwhile and that makes a real difference in the local community as well as having the chance to learn new skills. I have no doubt they will make a significant contribution to policing in Hertfordshire **. "**

**Recruitment of Special Constables.**

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments.

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.
