```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Dacorum Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has appointed a new Chief Inspector, Craig Flint, who begins his new role today (Monday 9 March).
publish:
  date: 9 Mar 2020
title: New Chief Inspector for Dacorum
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-chief-inspector-for-dacorum-1510
```

* ### As of Monday 9 March, Craig Flint takes on Dacorum as his predecessor Chief Inspector Paul Mitson moves to Crime Reduction and Community Safety

 * ### Chief Inspector Flint previously led Broxbourne CSP for 18 months

 * ### He brings with him 17 years of experience in different elements of policing

The Dacorum Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has appointed a new Chief Inspector, Craig Flint, who begins his new role today (Monday 9 March).

Craig takes the helm in place of the borough's former Chief Inspector Paul Mitson, who is moving to the Crime Reduction and Community Safety Unit based at the force headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

Craig first joined the Constabulary in 2003 and was initially based in Watford, working as a Constable in the Safer Neighbourhood Team, before being promoted to Sergeant. He then moved to the Dacorum Local Crime Unit as a Detective Sergeant, where he stayed until 2012. He was then promoted to Duty Inspector for the St Albans and Dacorum Intervention team, where he worked between 2012 and 2013.

In 2013 Craig moved to the Offender Management Unit as Detective Inspector. He was there until 2015, when he was seconded to the Ministry of Justice to work on a GPS Tagging and Transforming Rehabilitation programme for three years. During this time, he ran a successful GPS tagging pilot on behalf of eight police forces, managing offenders in the community.

Craig returned to Hertfordshire in April 2018, as Detective Inspector leading the Dacorum Local Crime Unit. He was later promoted to Chief Inspector and subsequently posted to Broxbourne where he led the CSP for 18 months.

Originally from North London, Craig moved to Hertfordshire in 1995. He still lives locally with his partner and young son. He is a keen swimmer and has previously represented the Constabulary at the National Police Sport UK Championships.

He said: "As I enter my new role I bring with me 17 years of experience, including a strong background in local policing, so I'm really looking forward to a new challenge as Chief Inspector for Dacorum.

"Dacorum is probably the most varied of the ten CSPs we have in Hertfordshire, in that it has a real mixture of urban areas and market towns which is in contrast with its villages and their more predominant rural communities.

"With this comes a wide range of needs and expectations from each of our communities, and I am committed to working with local partners to reduce crime and create an even safer borough for people to live, work and visit.

"I am passionate about using a problem-solving approach not just in terms of reducing crime, but also tackling the root causes of anti-social behaviour and quality of life issues."

What do you think Craig and his team should be focusing on as a policing priority in Dacorum? You can use our feedback tool, echo, to tell us what you think should be top of the list.

You can submit your thoughts two ways; by filling out the simple form at bit.ly/police-dacorum, or by sending an SMS to **66099,** starting your text with the word 'Dacorum' followed by your views.
