```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit (CSU) have successfully secured two more closure orders as they continue to crack down on anti-social behaviour across the borough.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2019
title: Closure orders secured on Welwyn Garden City properties
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-orders-secured-on-welwyn-garden-city-properties-1049
```

The Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit (CSU) have successfully secured two more closure orders as they continue to crack down on anti-social behaviour across the borough.

On Wednesday (13 October), St Albans Magistrates' Court granted closure orders on a flat in Knella Road and a flat in Ludwick Way.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a closure order had been met:

 1. That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
 2. That the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
 3. That there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield CSU applied for the closure orders following sustained reports of anti-social behaviour and drug-related criminality. The closure orders mean that no-one can enter the properties for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The occupants of the properties have been evicted as part of the closure order.

PC John Phelan, from the Welwyn Hatfield CSU, presented the applications to court. He said: "The CSU will continue to work with the community to put a stop to criminals using residential properties as a base to commit crime. This year, we've secured 20 closure orders across Welwyn Hatfield and 18 of those have resulted in full repossession of the properties. This is a clear message to the people of Welwyn Hatfield - if you allow your property to be used for this type of criminal behaviour, Hertfordshire Constabulary will take action."

The Welwyn Hatfield CSU are currently reviewing reports of anti-social behaviour at properties in the Chambers Grove area of Welwyn Garden City and will be taking appropriate action, including further closure orders if necessary, to help resolve the issues.

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
