```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a collision and an assault in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2017
title: "Appeal following RTC and assault \u2013 Royston"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-RTC-and-assault\u2013Royston"
```

* ### Silver VW Polo and dark grey Honda Jazz were in collision at Tesco Extra roundabout at 6.30am on November 10

 * ### Driver of Honda Jazz assaulted driver of VW Polo, leaving him with minor injuries to his eye

 * ### Did you see the assault? Please call 101 quoting crime reference number G4/17/1094

Officers investigating a collision and an assault in Royston are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened on Old North Road at 6.30am on Friday, November 10.

A silver VW Polo and a dark grey Honda Jazz were in collision near to the Tesco Extra roundabout.

The driver of the Honda Jazz reportedly exited his vehicle and assaulted the driver of the VW Polo before getting back into his vehicle and driving off in the direction of Bassingbourn.

The victim, a man in his 20s, suffered minor injuries to his eye.

The suspect is described as white, aged between 50 and 60 and between 5ft 6ins and 5ft 8ins tall. He was of stocky build and had black hair which was receding. He was wearing a black top with a white logo and grey tracksuit bottoms.

PC Peter Cook, who is investigating, said: "This incident happened on a busy roundabout where there were reportedly a number of cars queuing to travel onto the A505, so I believe several people may have witnessed what happened.

"Did you see the incident? If you have not yet spoken to police, I would urge you to make contact with us as soon as possible.

"If you were travelling in the area at the time stated and have a dash cam fitted in your vehicle, we would be very keen to view any footage you can provide.

If you have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference G4/17/1094 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
