```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for information following a sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford."
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2019
title: "Appeal for information following sexual assault in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-bishops-stortford-2408a
```

* ### The incident occurred in the vacinity of Adderley Road and Sworders Field.

 * ### Extensive CCTV enquiries have been carried out.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to come forward.

Police are appealing for information following a sexual assault in Bishop's Stortford.

Between 4.50pm and 5.05pm on Thursday, November 29, a woman was walking along Adderley Road when she was approached by a man who asked her to go into Sworders Field with him, before touching her inappropriately.

The suspect then beckoned the victim into the field, before touching himself inappropriately.

The victim ran away.

The suspect is described as being white, aged in his early 20s, around 5ft 7in tall, with short dark hair. He was wearing a black T-shirt, black trousers and black trainers. While he spoke in English, he has been described as having a 'non-English' accent.

PC Thomas Leask said: "The victim has understandably been left very shaken by what happened. Since the incident occurred, we have carried out extensive CCTV enquiries in order to trace the suspect. Unfortunately this has proved inconclusive and we are now appealing for the public's help.

"I fully appreciate that the incident happened a while ago now but someone may have information which could assist our investigation. Have you witnessed anyone acting suspiciously in the area? Please contact us."

Anyone with information should contact PC Leask by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/61189/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
