```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in St Albans have released images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 2 May 2019
title: Appeal following sexual assault in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-sexual-assault-in-St-Albans-0152
```

* ### Were you leaving the station just before midnight on Thursday, April 11?

 * ### Officers have released two images of a man they would like to speak to

 * ### If you recognise the man in the images, call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/33154/19

Police appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in St Albans have released images of a man they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries.

A woman aged in her 20s was walking from St Albans railway station just before midnight on Thursday, April 11 when she realised a man was following her onto Victoria Street. He walked beside her and started talking to her in Lattimore Road before grabbing her arm and trying to kiss her.

PC Laura Richardson said: "The victim repeatedly told the male 'No' and pushed him away but was understandably very shaken up by this incident. We are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen what happened. I believe there may be a number of witnesses as other people were leaving the station at the same time that night.

"We would also like to speak to the man pictured as he may have information which could assist the investigation. I appreciate that you can't see his face in the images, but someone may recognise him from his clothing.

"If you were in the area around the time, please contact me on _laura.richardson2@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/33154/19."

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact Herts SARC for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them. To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email Herts.SARC@nhs.net or visit www.hertssarc.org.

You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
