```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a car was damaged in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2020
title: Witness appeal following damage to vehicle in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-damage-to-vehicle-in-stevenage-1328
```

* ### The incident happened on Monday 30 December between 4.30pm and 5.15pm

 * ### A purple Citroen C4 Picasso was damaged in the car park of Chells Industrial Units in Chells Way

 * ### If you can help, contact PC Chris Brown via 101 or via email at chris.brown@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/116661/19

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a car was damaged in Stevenage.

On Monday 30 December between 4.30pm and 5.15pm, the victim left their vehicle - a purple Citroen C4 Picasso - parked in the car park of Chells Industrial Units, Chells Way.

When they returned to their car, they found that the wing mirrors were damaged. One wing mirror had been bent backwards, and the other had been snapped off.

PC Chris Brown, who is investigating, said: "Understandably the victim has been left very upset at the damage to her vehicle, as well as being left out of pocket due to having to pay to repair it.

"If you were in the area at the time, and witnessed the incident taking place or believe you may have seen someone behaving suspiciously, please get in contact. Any information, even something that may seem relatively minor, could be key to us solving this case."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Brown directly via email at chris.brown@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/116661/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
