```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police investigating a distraction theft in Ware are releasing further images of two people they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.
publish:
  date: 27 Feb 2019
title: Re-appeal following distraction theft in Ware
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/reappeal-following-distraction-theft-in-ware-2641a
```

* ### The incident occurred outside a bank in the High Street.

 * ### A woman was distracted at a cash machine and had £500 stolen from her account.

 * ### Police would like to speak with the men pictured.

Police investigating a distraction theft in Ware are releasing further images of two people they would like to speak to for help with their enquiries.

The incident happened outside Lloyds bank in the High Street, shortly after 10.45am on Wednesday, January 23.

A 70-year-old woman was withdrawing cash from an ATM when she was approached by a man who distracted her before pressing buttons on the machine, saying it was broken.

The card was returned and the man walked off.

When the victim went into the bank and attempted to withdraw cash again, it was discovered that £500 had been taken from her account.

PC Nick Anstead, who is investigating, said: "It is believed that a second man acted as a look-out during the incident while the victim was being distracted. Our enquiries have been continuing since our initial appeal and it is thought the pair may have links to London, specifically the Ilford and Barking areas.

"We would like to speak with the people pictured as they may have information which could assist our investigation further. If you have any information, please get in touch."

Anyone who recognises them, or has information about the thefts, should contact PC Anstead by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/7552/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.
