```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 23-year-old man who falsely imprisoned his ex in Baldock was jailed for six years on Monday (18 March).
publish:
  date: 20 Mar 2019
title: "Domestic abuser jailed for six years \u2013 Hitchin/Baldock"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/domestic-abuser-jailed-for-six-years-hitchin-baldock-2771g
```

* ### 23-year-old from Hitchin who falsely imprisoned his ex is jailed.

 * ### Levi Simms used violence and threats to stop his victim leaving a house in Baldock.

 * ### Simms jailed for six years following investigation by domestic abuse unit.

A 23-year-old man who falsely imprisoned his ex in Baldock was jailed for six years on Monday (18 March).

Levi Simms contacted his former partner on 27 July last year demanding the return of some of his property she still had. She then gathered his belongings and took them to an address in The Tene, Baldock, where he had been staying. St Albans Crown Court heard that when she arrived outside, Simms came out and dragged her screaming into the property.

Once inside he then punched her repeatedly, the court was told. At one point she said she was hit so hard that she hit a wall and lost consciousness for a time. Later he put a knife to her and made threats to stab her if she tried to leave, the court heard.

Only the next morning was she allowed leave and then she returned to her parents' home extremely distressed. Police were called and officers attended the address in Baldock where Simms was arrested. The incident was then investigated by Hertfordshire Constabulary's specialist Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU).

At court, Simms, of Highover Way, Hitchin, was found guilty of false imprisonment, common assault and breach of a restraining order.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Barnaby Goding said: "Simms actions left his victim in fear of her life. He is a serial domestic abuser, having previously being convicted of battery on two other occasions against the same woman. He now has some time to consider the consequences of his what he has done and the harm he has caused.

"I hope this sentence brings some comfort to his victim who has suffered a great deal of pain and trauma because of Simms. I would like to commend her for the bravery she has shown throughout the investigation and court case."

Anyone affected by domestic abuse in Hertfordshire can get guidance and support via the Herts Domestic Abuse Helpline 08 088 088 088 or by visiting the Herts Sunflower website. In an emergency situation, always call 999.
