```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been charged in connection with motor vehicle offences in St Albans recently.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: "Two charged with thefts from motor vehicles \u2013 St Albans"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-charged-with-thefts-from-motor-vehicles-stalbans-0421F
```

* ### Two charged with motor vehicle offences in St Albans.

 * ### Man given suspended jail sentence.

 * ### Police continue proactive operations to tackle vehicle crime.

Two people have been charged in connection with motor vehicle offences in St Albans recently.

Karen Dunne, aged 39, was charged with two counts of interfering with a vehicle and one of the theft of a lighter.

Simon Speer, aged 35, was also charged with two counts of interfering with a vehicle and theft of a lighter. He was also charged with handling a stolen bank card and two counts of using a stolen bank card.

The pair, both of Langley Grove, were arrested in the Waverley Road area in the early hours of Wednesday (June 20). The arrests resulted from proactive patrols conducted following recent reports of thefts from motor vehicles.

At St Albans Magistrates' Court on Friday (June 22), Dunne pleaded not guilty and was released on bail until a further court hearing at a later date.

Speer pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 24 weeks in prison suspended for 12 months.

Detective Inspector Alex Warwick, from the St Albans Local Crime Unit, said: "We are continuing to respond to the thefts from motor vehicles that have occurred in St Albans and the surrounding district recently. There will be increased patrols as well as on going covert operations targeting offenders.

"Many of the thefts recently have not involved any kind of forced entry to vehicles. The offenders have been able to gain access because they have been left unlocked. I would like to remind residents to secure their vehicles when they leave them unattended and to remove any property from within to help discourage offenders from targeting the vehicle."

You can report crime by going online or by calling 101. If you believe a crime is in progress, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
