```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Stevenage, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and Stevenage Borough Council took further action following a drugs operation involving the address.
publish:
  date: 16 Feb 2021
title: Closure order secured on Stevenage property
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-stevenage-property-1198e
```

* ## Property closed following drugs warrant at the address.

 * ## Occupants arrested and charged in relation to drug dealing.

 * ## Local residents praised for their assistance with the investigation.

A Closure Order has been secured on a property in Stevenage, after the local Safer Neighbourhood Team and Stevenage Borough Council took further action following a drugs operation involving the address.

On Tuesday 9 February, a warrant was executed at the address in Holly Copse and two people were arrested and charged for drugs offences, following an extensive police operation involving local officers and specialist units.

Safer Neighbourhood officers had received numerous complaints from the local community regarding drug related activity and anti-social behaviour linked to the address.

The Closure Order was granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 at Stevenage Magistrates' Court on Friday 12 February. Should any unauthorised person enter the premises they will be arrested, which may result in imprisonment or a fine of up to £5000, or both.

Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant Duncan Hall said: "I am very pleased to be able to close this address, to prevent it from being used any further for drug related activity.

"I would like to thank the local residents who have supported our investigation by providing us with information and intelligence, and especially those who came forward and supplied written evidence to the court that led to this result. We will continue to work in close partnership with Stevenage Borough Council to identify and target any other address that are linked to drug dealing and or persistent anti-social behaviour in this way.

"I hope the arrest of the occupants and the subsequent closure of the property will reassure local residents that we take complaints like this very seriously and will always take action in situations like this one."

Leader of Stevenage Borough Council, Councillor Sharon Taylor, said: "Closure orders are always a last resort when other efforts to resolve the situation have been unsuccessful, but we hope that this case sends out a clear message that we will not hesitate to take action when needed to ensure that our residents feel safe and comfortable in their own homes."

Anyone who wants to report anti-social behaviour or drug related crime can call Herts police on 101 or report online.

Anti-social behaviour can also be reported to Stevenage Borough Council on 01438 242666.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _North Herts echo (opens in a new window) _and tell us your thoughts.
