```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 3 Nov 2020
title: Have you seen this bicycle stolen from Stevenage?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-this-bicycle-stolen-from-stevenage-0824
```

* ### On Wednesday 21 October, three bicycles were stolen from a property in Stevenage.

 * ### Two of the bicycles have since been recovered.

 * ### Officers are appealing to anyone who may have seen the outstanding pit bicycle to get in touch.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information following a burglary in Stevenage.

On Wednesday 21 October, at around 3am, two pit bicycles and a mountain bicycle were stolen from a shed at a property in Canterbury Way. Offender(s) had caused extensive damage to the shed to gain access, and the doors were left hanging off their hinges.

PC Sydnie Grace, who is investigating, said: "Thankfully, two of the bicycles have since been recovered, but there is still one outstanding. I am appealing to anyone who may recognise the pit bicycle pictured - it is quite distinctive due to the bright orange colour. Perhaps you have seen it somewhere local, or you have been offered it for sale? We would very much like to reunite the owner with their property.

"If you have seen the bicycle, or have any information that you think may assist with our enquiries, please get in touch."

If you have any information, you can contact PC Grace directly via email at _sydnie.grace@herts.pnn.police.uk_.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101 quoting crime reference number **41/84967/20.**

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Tell us your thoughts.
