```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: One person has been charged and two further arrests have been made in connection with an attempted murder in Hoddesdon earlier this week.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2019
title: Teenager charged with attempted murder after incident in Hoddesdon
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-with-attempted-murder-after-incident-in-hoddesdon-0944
```

* ### A 17 year old boy has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in Hoddesdon on 22 October.

 * ### A 19 year old man and an 18 year old man have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.

 * ### Witnesses or anyone with information is asked to call 101 and quote ISR 220 of 22 October.

One person has been charged and two further arrests have been made in connection with an attempted murder in Hoddesdon earlier this week.

A 17 year old boy, who was arrested on Wednesday (23 October), has been charged with attempted murder and is due to appear before remand court today (Friday 25 October).

A 19 year old man from Hoddesdon was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder last night (24 October) and an 18 year old man from Southend, Essex has been arrested this morning (25 October), also on suspicion of attempted murder.

Both remain in police custody at this time and will be questioned by detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit who are continuing with their enquiries into what happened.

Police were called at 10.30am on Tuesday (22 October) to reports of a teenage boy with serious injuries in Pound Close. The ambulance service was called and the boy was taken to hospital by air ambulance where he remains in a serious but stable condition.

Detective Chief Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the BCH Major Crime Unit, said: "Extensive enquiries are being carried out to help establish the sequence of events before and after the incident.

"We believe this to be an isolated incident between individuals who are thought to be known to each other.

"Even though we have made three arrests, we are still appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident take place, or anyone with any information regarding the incident, to get in contact with us straight away."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 220 of 22 October.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
