```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The borough of Broxbourne is welcoming a new Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) inspector this week.
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2019
title: Broxbourne has a new Safer Neighbourhood Team Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/broxbourne-has-a-new-safer-neighbourhood-team-inspector-445k
```

* ### Inspector Gerry Harrison started in his new post on Monday, 1 July.

 * ### Gerry will be leading the Broxbourne Safer Neighbourhood Team, having previously worked in the area in various roles.

 * ### Gerry is looking to work closely with partners and communities to help keep Broxbourne a safe place.

The borough of Broxbourne is welcoming a new Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) inspector this week.

Inspector Gerry Harrison started in post on Monday, 1 July, bringing 15 years' experience to the role, which sees him lead the team of three sergeants, 21 constables and 18 police community support officers.

Gerry joined Hertfordshire Constabulary in 2004, after deciding to proudly follow in the footsteps of his father and grandfather, who were both serving officers too.

Starting his career in the Welwyn Hatfield district as an intervention officer responding to 999 calls, Gerry was promoted to sergeant three years later in 2007.

Gerry moved into the role of SNT sergeant in Cheshunt in 2011. During this time, he was involved with the planning for the Olympic Games in 2012 when Waltham Cross' Lea Valley White Water Centre hosted several events.

When Gerry passed the examinations to qualify as a detective he remained in the town as a detective sergeant in the Local Crime Unit.

Several years later, in 2016, Gerry was successful in being promoted to the rank of detective inspector.

This role saw him work in Stevenage before he returned to a uniformed role in 2017, covering both the borough of Broxbourne and district of East Herts as an intervention inspector, prior to him returning to Broxbourne's SNT.

Gerry, who was born and raised in Hertfordshire, said: "I am really pleased to be coming back to Broxbourne's Safer Neighbourhood Team and am very grateful for all of the work of my predecessor, Inspector Roy Stammers, as well as the fantastic efforts being made across the borough by the rest of the team.

"There are some great initiatives going on, including the recent launch of Operation Parousia and other preventative work in relation to youth, gang and knife crime, and we will continue these efforts.

"Everyone has a right to feel safe and I am pleased that our neighbourhood officers have strong roots and connections throughout our communities. I will be looking to build further on these, ensuring that we keep Broxbourne a safe place to live, work and visit and that people feel confident to report concerns to us.

"Additionally, our strong, positive relationships with the local council and businesses across the borough will continue to prove essential to our work and I am looking forward to meeting with our partners and others over the coming days."

Gerry has two grown-up children and his partner also works for the police. He is a keen sportsman and a supporter of Tottenham Hotspur.
