```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Volunteer Police Cadets from Hertfordshire were among guests at the High Sheriff\u2019s Justice Service in St Albans at the weekend."
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2018
title: "Police cadets support High Sheriff\u2019s Justice Service"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-cadets-support-high-sheriffs-justice-service-2116F
```

* ### The annual service recognises those who work in law and order.

 * ### Cadets for St Albans and East Herts attended.

 * ### Fellow guests included Chief Constable Charlie Hall and the Police and Crime Commissioner.

Volunteer Police Cadets from Hertfordshire were among guests at the High Sheriff's Justice Service in St Albans at the weekend.

The service is held annually to recognise those who work or volunteer within law and order and cadets from St Albans and East Herts were invited to attend by High Sheriff Suzy Harvey.

Fellow guests at Sunday's (November 18) event were Hertfordshire's Chief Constable Charlie Hall, Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd, crown court judges, local mayors and the Lord Lieutenant Robert Voss.

Cadets welcomed the guests before escorting the procession from St Albans Town Hall to the cathedral.

In addition, Millie Wyatt, Head Cadet for East Herts, had the privilege of being sword bearer to the High Sheriff.

Inspector Steve Alison, who leads the St Albans and Harpenden Cadets, said: "Once again it was fantastic to be a part of this prestigious service and I would like to thank the High Sheriff for inviting us to attend."

Detective Constable Rob Scott, who leads East Herts Cadets, added: "Many of the cadets were attending the event for the first time and it was a real honour for them to be involved; especially for Millie who played an important role as sword bearer."

Police cadets are young members of the community, aged 13 to 18, who are involved in a range of activities. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also work alongside local officers to play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. They also take part in a range of social activities.

If you're interested in finding out more about Hertfordshire's Volunteer Police Cadet programme, please visit
