```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Dozens of knives were collected in Borehamwood during a knife amnesty in Borehamwood at the weekend.
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: Knife amnesty in Borehamwood
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife-amnesty-in-borehamwood-2655j
```

* ### Dozens of knives were collected during a knife amnesty in Borehamwood.

 * ### It is part of Operation Sceptre - the countywide response to rid the streets of knives.

 * ### Residents also signed up to Neighbourhood Watch via **owl.co.uk/herts** and a warning was issued to a moped rider.

Dozens of knives were collected in Borehamwood during a knife amnesty in Borehamwood at the weekend.

It took place in Cowley Hill, Borehamwood on Saturday (February 23) as part of Operation Sceptre - the countywide response to rid the streets of knives.

PCSO Callum Ellis was joined by Hertsmere Chief Inspector Clare Smith.

PCSO Ellis said: "We were amazed to collect so many knives from residents, both young and old. Although we don't have a problem with knife crime in Borehamwood, physically taking knives out of temptation by encouraging the public to surrender any unwanted knives makes the town safer for everyone."

He added: "We also took the opportunity to sign up seven residents to receive emails about crimes in the area by joining the Online Watch Link (OWL), which is part of Neighbourhood Watch. We regularly send out relevant messages to residents to help prevent crime including burglaries and vehicle crime as well as informing them about scams or missing people. If you wish to find out what is happening in your area, sign up to OWL. We also issued a warning to a moped driver who riding dangerously."
