```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are releasing an image of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following an assault in South Oxhey.
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2019
title: CCTV appeal following assault in South Oxhey
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cctv-appeal-following-assault-in-south-oxhey-2335c
```

* ### A motorist was repeatedly punched at the Tesco Express Esso petrol station in South Oxhey.

 * ### Moments earlier he had to brake sharply when a male walked out into the road.

 * ### The male hit the side of the victim's car as he drove away before assaulting him at the nearby petrol station.

 * ### Officers would like to speak to the person pictured as he may have information that could assist the investigation.

Police are releasing an image of a person they would like to speak to as part of their enquiries following an assault in South Oxhey.

Just before 3pm on Friday, December 21, a motorist - a man aged in his 50s - was turning right onto Prestwick Road from Fairfield Avenue when a male walked out into the road causing him to brake sharply. The offender then hit the side of the victim's car as he drove away.

The victim, who was driving a blue Ford car, then stopped at the nearby Tesco Express Esso petrol station. As he opened his door the offender ran up to the car and punched the victim repeatedly.

PC Matt Perrin, who is investigating, said: "This was a completely unprovoked attack which left the victim with severe swelling and bruising to his face.

"We'd like to speak to the male pictured as we believe he may have been in the area at the time of the incident and may have information that can assist our on-going enquiries.

"If you witnessed what happened or recognise the person in the picture please get in touch by emailing, calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/68178/18, or report information online."

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
