```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary is seeking individuals with passion and drive to join the force as Police Officers.
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: "We\u2019re recruiting! Have you got what it takes to be a Hertfordshire Police Officer?"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Were-recruiting-Have-you-got-what-it-takes-to-be-a-Hertfordshire-Police-Officer-0298
```

* ### Hertfordshire Constabulary is currently recruiting Police Officers

 * ### New recruits receive first-class training and begin their policing service on the frontline responding to 101 and 999 calls

 * ### The Constabulary is particularly encouraging applications from diverse communities to ensure the workforce reflects the county's demographics

Hertfordshire Constabulary is seeking individuals with passion and drive to join the force as Police Officers.

Being a Police Officer is a unique and rewarding job that gives you the chance to make a positive impact in your local community. You will play a vital role in keeping people safe, reducing crime and catching criminals. Victims and witnesses of crime will look to you for support during the worst times of their life.

By joining Hertfordshire Constabulary, you will get to experience the challenges of policing both rural and urban communities. You will receive first-class training and begin your policing service on the frontline responding to 101 and 999 calls. As you progress throughout your career you will have the opportunity to branch out and specialise in others areas of policing too. Throughout your service, you will be fully supported and the strong bonds and friendships you build with your colleagues will remain for life.

Chief Constable Charlie Hall said: "I am extremely proud of the work that our officers undertake every day and there is no doubt that the strength of the Constabulary lies in its people. If you want to play a role in making sure that Hertfordshire remains a safe place to live and work then please do not hesitate to apply.

"We're looking for individuals who are caring, trustworthy and can work well as a team. If you think you have what it takes, we'd welcome your application. Policing is a career like no other and you will experience the amazing feeling of knowing that you have truly made a difference to someone else's life.

"We are particularly reaching out to our diverse communities, to under-represented groups, to say please come forward, we want you to apply as we want the Constabulary's workforce to reflect the communities we serve and protect."

Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: ""Hertfordshire Constabulary is one of the highest regarded forces in the country by its residents, and respected nationally as a professional and progressive service. We are currently recruiting hundreds of extra officers with the aim of building the largest ever force in the history of Hertfordshire.

"Policing is one of the most exciting and rewarding careers you can embark on, with a breadth of specialisation opportunities available that are not found in any other job."

For more information about becoming a Police Officer and how to apply, visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk

Through our 'Positive Action' scheme, Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to building relationships with under-represented groups and encouraging them to join our policing family. For more information and support visit hertspoliceofficer.co.uk/diversity
