```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are releasing a photo of items of suspected stolen jewellery in an attempt to trace the owner.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2018
title: "Suspected stolen jewellery \u2013 is this yours?"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspected-stolen-jewellery\u2013is-this-yours0067MD"
```

* ### The jewellery was recovered from a vehicle in Bushey on Friday, March 16

 * ### It is suspected that the jewellery may have been stolen from Hertsmere, Watford, Barnet or Harrow

 * ### If you believe this is your jewellery, contact DC Chris Payne on 101 or chris.payne@herts.pnn.police.uk, quoting crime reference J2/18/370

Officers are releasing a photo of items of suspected stolen jewellery in an attempt to trace the owner.

The items were recovered by police from a vehicle in Richfield Road, Bushey on Friday, March 16. It is suspected that the jewellery may have been stolen from Hertsmere, Watford, Barnet or Harrow.

DC Chris Payne, who is investigating, said: 'We believe that this jewellery may have been stolen and I am asking people to take a look at these items and contact me if they believe this jewellery belongs to them. These items could be sentimental so we would love to reunite them with their rightful owners.

"If you believe these items belong to you, please contact me on chris.payne@herts.pnn.police.uk or on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference J2/18/370. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report ."

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 21 year old man from Edgware has been arrested on suspicion of burglary dwelling. He has been released on bail.
 * A 30 year old man of no fixed address, has been arrested on suspicion of burglary dwelling. He has been released on bail.
 * A 40 year old man from Edgware has been arrested on suspicion of burglary dwelling. He has been released on bail.
