```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following criminal damage to churches in Tring and Aldbury.
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2018
title: Appeal for information following damage to churches
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-for-information-following-damage-to-churches-1479D
```

* ### Offensive graffiti was written on a tomb inside St John the Baptist Church in Aldbury on two occasions.

 * ### A cross was also damaged at the parish hall in Tring.

 * ### If you witness suspicious activity around churches, please report it to police.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following criminal damage to churches in Tring and Aldbury.

Between 9am on Wednesday, January 10 and 2pm on Saturday, January 13 offensive graffiti was written on a tomb and in a visitors' book situated within St John the Baptist Church in Aldbury. A figure was also stolen from a Nativity scene.

It follows a similar incident at the church on Thursday, December 7. On that occasion damage was also caused to bibles, pictures and books.

In Tring, between midday and 5pm on Sunday, December 17, damage was caused to a cross inside the parish hall.

The incidents are currently being linked by police.

PC Donna Horwood, from the Dacorum Community Safety Unit, said: "We take incidents of this nature extremely seriously and enquiries are continuing to trace those responsible for causing the damage. I would urge anyone with information to please get in touch.

"I would also ask people to remain vigilant; if you witness any suspicious activity around churches please call police straight away."

Anyone with information about the incidents is asked to contact PC Horwood via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D3/18/30. You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

** **
