```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Buntingford are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: Attempted robbery in Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/attempted-robbery-in-buntingford-1269a
```

* ### The incident occurred in Freman Drive.

 * ### A man aged in his 50s was injured following an altercation with a man on an electric scooter.

 * ### Police are asking witnesses to come forward.

Detectives investigating an attempted robbery in Buntingford are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident occurred in Freman Drive, at around 8.15pm on Tuesday 2 March.

A man aged in his 50s, who had been driving along the road, was pulled from his vehicle and assaulted by an unknown male who had been riding an electric scooter along the pavement.

During the assault, the male also claimed he was going to take the victim's car.

Members of the public came to the victim's aid and the offender made off towards Norfolk Road on the scooter.

The victim was taken to hospital with cuts, bruises and a suspected broken jaw.

The suspect is described as a white man, aged approximately 30 to 35 years old, around 5ft 9in to 5ft 11in tall and of stocky build. He was wearing dark clothing and either a hood or a hat.

Detective Constable Sarah Gillham, from the East Herts Local Crime Unit, said: "This was completely unprovoked attack which has left the victim and local community in shock. We have already spoken to a number of people who came to the aid of the victim, but we are keen to hear from anyone else who may have been in the area at the time.

"Did you see the incident take place? Or do you recall seeing someone riding an electric scooter? If so, please get in touch; particularly if you may have captured any dash cam footage which could assist us."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact DC Gillham via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/15396/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).
