```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses, information and dashcam footage following a two-vehicle road traffic collision on the A507 Baldock Road between Buntingford and Cottered at around 5.15pm yesterday (Monday 19 October).
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: Witness appeal following road traffic collision on A507 near Buntingford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-road-traffic-collision-on-a507-0766ag
```

* ### Witnesses are being sought to a road traffic collision on the A507 Baldock Road between Buntingford and Cottered on Monday (19 October).

 * ### A black Ford F150 pick-up and a black London taxi were in collision.

 * ### Call 101 quoting ISR 581 of 19 October if you can help.

We are appealing for witnesses, information and dashcam footage following a two-vehicle road traffic collision on the A507 Baldock Road between Buntingford and Cottered at around 5.15pm yesterday (Monday 19 October).

A black Ford F150 pick-up and a black London taxi were in collision.

The driver of the taxi suffered head and chest injuries and was taken to hospital by ambulance. His injuries are not believed life threatening or life changing at this time.

The driver of the pick-up suffered minor injuries.

PC James Carmichael, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit, said: "Were you on the A507 Baldock Road just after 5pm on Monday?

"If you saw this collision or either of these vehicles prior to the incident I would like to hear from you. I am also keen to trace a VW Amarok which may have been in front of the pick-up just prior to the collision.

"Additionally, if you have relevant dashcam footage that captured the moments leading up to or after the collision please also make contact.

"If you are able to help I can be contacted directly via email at james.carmichael@herts.pnn.police.uk"

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting **ISR 581 of 19 October**.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
