```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police in Dacorum are urging drivers to make sure they aren\u2019t attracting opportunist thieves following a sharp rise in the number of thefts from motor vehicles across the district."
publish:
  date: 12 Jan 2018
title: Police urge drivers in Dacorum to review vehicle security following thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-urge-drivers-in-dacorum-to-review-vehicle-security-following-thefts-1448
```

* ### More than 60 thefts have been reported across Dacorum since January 1.

 * ### Drivers are urged to remove all items from display when leaving vehicles unattended.

 * ### If you witness suspicious activity around vehicles, call police straightaway.

Police in Dacorum are urging drivers to make sure they aren't attracting opportunist thieves following a sharp rise in the number of thefts from motor vehicles across the district.

PCSO Jake Smith, from the Kings Langley and Hemel South East Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Since January 1, 2018 more than 60 incidents have been reported to police and we believe there may have been further cases we haven't been made aware of.

"I would like to stress the importance of removing all valuable items from your vehicle, such as sat navs, phones and laptops but also things like loose change, bags, coats and sunglasses. Leaving items on display could attract thieves and it takes just seconds for them to break in and steal them. In one instance, a window was smashed and an Ethernet cable was stolen so it really is important that absolutely nothing is left on display.

"Tool thefts in particular have also been a problem. The best thing to do is to remove all tools from vehicles overnight. If this isn't possible, consider fitting a good quality tool safe to your vehicle to keep them more secure. You should also park on a driveway where possible and reverse up to a garage or wall to prohibit access to rear van doors.

"We would also urge tradesmen to take advantage of our free tool marking service, Op Engrave. Engraving tools makes them less attractive to thieves as they are harder to sell. It also means that, if they are ever lost or stolen, they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily. We have previously recovered large quantities of tools but have had no way of telling who they belong to."

PCSO Smith continued: "In some of the recently reported cases, the vehicles had simply been left unlocked, making them an easy target for opportunist thieves. I would urge all drivers to please ensure all doors and windows are locked when leaving vehicles unattended, even just for a few minutes. Some insurances companies may not pay out if a vehicle has been targeted while left unlocked.

"We're doing all we can to combat vehicle crime and have dedicated patrols being carried out in hotspot areas. However, we also need the public to play their part by ensuring their vehicles are fully secure and reporting any suspicious activity to police straight away. If you witness a crime in progress or see people acting suspiciously around vehicles, dial 999."

Anyone with information about the recent thefts is asked to contact PCSO 6358 Jake Smith on the non-emergency number 101. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

For more information on the tool marking service contact 01442 271642 or email SNTHemelHempsteadNorthRuralWestandCentral@herts.pnn.police.uk
