```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We have received a number of calls from members of the public who have not been able to access their vehicles in the car park of Tesco in Old North Road, Royston.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2021
title: Issues accessing some vehicles in Tesco store in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/issues-accessing-some-vehicles-in-tesco-store-in-royston-26022021
```

* ## Customers having issues accessing vehicles at Tesco in Old North Road, Royston.

 * ## If you have difficulties accessing your vehicle, please speak to the on-duty area manager at the branch.

 * ## The Ofcom reference number is 1138558.

We have received a number of calls from members of the public who have not been able to access their vehicles in the car park of Tesco in Old North Road, Royston.

For reasons yet unknown, there appears to be an issue in this area with key fobs not functioning correctly.

This afternoon, PC Taranvir Gill has attended the Tesco branch with Ofcom, who are the UK's communications regulator and conducted a survey.

An investigation is now underway, led by Ofcom with the support of PC Gill, with the manager of Tesco aware of the ongoing work.

PC Gill said, "We wish to reassure residents that we are fully aware of the issues affecting intermittent access to vehicles in this car park.

"If you have any problems accessing your vehicle, please do not panic. We would ask that in the first instance, you go to the Tesco customer service desk and ask to speak to the on-duty manager to make them aware you are having difficulties getting into your vehicle.

"They have the contact details for Ofcom, who are fully up-to-speed with this issue. The Ofcom reference number is 1138558.

"In the meantime, if you have any questions or concerns about this, please feel free to email me."
