```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man from Stevenage has been jailed for 10 years for a number of offences against a woman.
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2019
title: Stevenage man jailed for sexual assault and other offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Stevenage-man-jailed-for-sexual-assault-and-other-offences-0072MD
```

A man from Stevenage has been jailed for 10 years for a number of offences against a woman.

Kologo Richards, age 34, previously of The Oundle, Stevenage, appeared at St Albans Crown Court on Monday, April 1.

He was sentenced to a total of 10 years and 10 months:

 * Sexual assault - 54 months
 * Perverting the course of justice x2 - 12 months concurrent and 10 months consecutive
 * Threats to kill - 18 months consecutive

He will have to serve a further four years before he is allowed to apply for parole and will remain on licence for 10 years.

The court heard that Kologo sexually assaulted the victim at her home in 2018. At the time of the offence, he was already on bail in connection with other assaults against the victim, and he asked her to drop those previous charges. The police were called and Kologo was subsequently arrested.

Kologo appeared for trial for the assaults at Stevenage Magistrates' Court in June 2018. He was convicted of two assaults against the victim and sentenced to eight weeks imprisonment, along with a restraining order. When receiving the sentence on June 11, he made verbal threats to kill the victim who was present at court.

On November 19, 2018, at St Albans Crown Court, Kologo pleaded guilty to sexual assault and perverting the course of justice. He pleaded guilty to threats to kill on January 9, 2019, at St Albans Crown Court.

Detective Sergeant Marc Willmore said: "As well as being sent to prison for a significant number of years, Kologo has also been served a 10 year restraining order which prevents him from contacting the victim.

"The victim has displayed incredible bravery throughout the investigation and I would like to commend her for that courage she has showed. I hope this sentence helps her to rebuild her life following the horrific abuse that Richards inflicted on her."
