```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 12 Jan 2018
title: Appeal for information following sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-information-following-sexual-assault-in-hemel-hempstead-1449
```

* ### The incident occurred as a woman was walking her dog.

 * ### She was touched inappropriately by an unknown offender.

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a sexual assault in Hemel Hempstead.

A woman was walking a dog in the Barnfield area at around 6.15pm on Wednesday, January 3. As she bent down to tend to her dog she was approached from behind and touched inappropriately.

The offender then ran off along Barnfield.

The suspect is described as having thick wavy blond hair, of medium build and between 5ft 7 and 5ft 8in tall. They were wearing a black puffa-style jacket, a lighter coloured hood (either part of the jacket or from a hoody worn underneath), dark jeans and light coloured trainers. The victim was unable to see if the suspect was male or female but believes them to have been aged in their mid-teens.

Investigator Deborah Newsham, from the Hemel Local Crime Unit, said: "The woman is being supported by officers as we investigate the circumstances around the incident and try to trace the person responsible. I am appealing for anyone who may have information about the incident to please come forward."

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the Hemel Local Crime Unit on the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference D1/18/88. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
