```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Hertfordshire Constabulary would like to extend its thanks and appreciation to all of the Special Constables who have volunteered to help at this challenging time, and to their employers who have temporarily released them from their day jobs to assist on the front line.
publish:
  date: 6 Apr 2020
title: A thank you to our Special Constables
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/a-thank-you-to-our-special-constables-0014
```

Hertfordshire Constabulary would like to extend its thanks and appreciation to all of the Special Constables who have volunteered to help at this challenging time, and to their employers who have temporarily released them from their day jobs to assist on the front line.

A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers. Special Constables are trained volunteers who work alongside regular officers and Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs). In return for their commitment of a minimum of 16 hours a month, Special Constables receive first class training, support and the uniform and equipment to carry out the role.

Assistant Chief Constable Nathan Briant, who is leading the Force's response to COVID-19, said: "The special Constabulary have provided amazing support to our teams during this really difficult period. They have allowed us to continue supporting our communities and providing the residents of Hertfordshire with the policing service they deserve. At times such as these we need to maximise the use of our volunteers and I have no doubt that they will continue to provide us with additional assistance over the coming weeks.

"Our Special Constables have already proven to be invaluable to us, assisting us with both emergency response and neighbourhood patrols. They do so much to help us to keep the county safe. I would like to personally offer my thanks to each and every one of them - you are remarkable people, and your hard work is appreciated so much."

Hertfordshire Police and Crime Commissioner David Lloyd said: "Our Specials are exceptional people who are stepping up during these exceptional times. They are at the core of my message that policing Hertfordshire and keeping crime down is everybody's business.

"I would like to thank them on behalf of all residents and businesses, for the sacrifices they are making to help keep us all safe. I would also commend the public spiritedness of their employers for making them available for the greater good.

"They will bolster the ranks of our regular officers, who continue to do a fine job during very difficult circumstances."

You can find more information about Special Constables and the requirements of being one by visiting the FAQ on our website. You can apply to be a Special Constable by visiting our website.

If you are contacting us to report a COVID-19 related crime, such as a mass gathering, please ensure that you use the online methods of reporting where possible as this will free up our telephone lines so we can answer urgent 999 calls. You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact.

To report any other crime, you can use the online methods listed above or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
