```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested in connection with the theft of parcels from doorsteps in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2021
title: "Two arrested in connection with doorstep parcel thefts \u2013 Hemel Hempstead"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-in-connection-with-doorstep-parcel-thefts-hemel-hempstead-1312
```

* ### Two arrested in connection with doorstep parcel thefts in Hemel Hempstead

 * ### They happened in various parts of the town over the past week

 * ### If you have been a victim, or have any further info, please contact police

Two people have been arrested in connection with the theft of parcels from doorsteps in Hemel Hempstead.

A 28 year old man and a 34 year old woman, both from Hemel Hempstead, were arrested on suspicion of theft of mail yesterday afternoon (Sunday 14 March). They remain in police custody this morning.

The arrests are in relation parcels which have been taken from doorsteps across the town on a number of days in the last week.

Sergeant Sarah Bunyan, from the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We have seen a recent rise in these types of thefts because people are understandably having more items delivered to their homes during lockdown.

"If you live in Hemel Hempstead, please check footage from your doorbell cameras or home CCTV systems over the last few days and contact us if you think you have captured any suspicious activity.

"If you have been a victim of this type of crime and have not yet reported it to us, or you have any further information that you think may be useful to our investigation, then please get in touch."

You can email investigating officer DC Amanda Gibbs at amanda.gibbs3@herts.pnn.police.uk, report information online at herts.police.uk/report, talk to one of our Force Communication Room operators via web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or visit their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-dacorum and tell us what you think.

Hertfordshire Constabulary would like to share the following crime prevention advice from the Metropolitan Police Service in relation to doorstep thefts:

 * Track your parcel to ensure you or someone else is at home for the delivery.
 * Install a video doorbell; this can be connected to your mobile so you are notified immediately of any delivery, and is easier to install than a full CCTV system.
 * Install security lighting to the front and rear of your property.
 * Arrange for your parcel to be delivered to a trusted neighbour, or other family members who will be at home; if you live in a flat, is there a concierge who could accept the parcel for you?
 * Use an off-site locker service for frequent deliveries, or for expensive items; these parcel boxes are more likely to be in busy, safer locations - such as supermarkets - rather than secluded areas which could be targeted by thieves.
