```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested following a drugs warrant at an address in St Albans today (Friday, March 22).
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2019
title: Drugs warrant executed at address in St Albans
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Drugs-warrant-executed-at-address-in-St-Albans-2788
```

A man has been arrested following a drugs warrant at an address in St Albans today (Friday, March 22).

Police executed a warrant at Blake Close under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 and involved officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Scorpion Team and the St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Team.

Once inside the house officers discovered a suspected cannabis factory. Four dogs inside the address were also seized and are being examined to establish if they are a prohibited breed.

St Albans Detective Inspector Alex Warwick said: "The supply and use of drugs can blight communities and families and will not be tolerated in St Albans.

"Those who use drugs play a part in fuelling the exploitation of vulnerable people, including children, who are often used by dealers to distribute drugs. If you have information about suspected drug dealing in your neighbourhood please let us know so that we can take the appropriate action."

Anyone with information can report it online at www.herts.police.uk/Report, call the non-emergency number 101 or if you'd like to remain completely anonymous call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 * A man aged in his 30s from St Albans has been arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis, possession of a Class B drug and possession of a prohibited dog under the Dangerous Dogs Act. He remains in police custody at this time.
