```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a break in at a primary school in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2020
title: Burglary at primary school in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-at-primary-school-in-welwyn-garden-city-1272b
```

* ## Police were contacted after a loud crash was heard.

 * ## Officers attended and found a window had been smashed.

 * ## Anyone with information is asked to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following a break in at a primary school in Welwyn Garden City.

On the evening of Thursday 19 December police were contacted after a 'large crash' was heard in the vicinity of Temple Wood primary school.

Officers attended and found a window at the school in Pentley Park had been smashed to gain entry.

Enquiries are ongoing to establish whether anything was taken.

PC Callum Walford, who is investigating, said: "I am appealing for anyone who may have witnessed suspicious activity in the area between 8pm and 9.15pm, to please get in touch. If you have any other information which may help us to identify who is responsible, please contact police."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/113853/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately. **

**
