```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two people have been arrested and a knife has been seized as part of a proactive operation tackling theft in Hatfield Town Centre.
publish:
  date: 7 Apr 2020
title: Two arrested and knife seized in Hatfield Town Centre operation
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-and-knife-seized-in-hatfield-town-centre-operation-0018b
```

* ## Following a spate of thefts, the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team targeted Hatfield Town Centre in a plain clothes operation.

 * ## A 17 year old boy was arrested on suspicion of five thefts and a knife was seized.

 * ## Searches of addresses ensued and officers also arrested a 15 year old boy on suspicion of theft.

Two people have been arrested and a knife has been seized as part of a proactive operation tackling theft in Hatfield Town Centre.

Following a recent spate of thefts, on Thursday 26 March, the Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) targeted the area in a plain clothes operation to try and find those responsible.

The officers spotted someone who fitted the description of a suspect and they subsequently arrested him. The 17 year old boy - from Welwyn Garden City - was arrested on suspicion of five thefts including an alleged incident that happened in The Minims where a shopping trolley was stolen from an 80 year old woman. Officers recovered the trolley but its contents including her purse remain outstanding.

During the arrest, a knife was seized and the teenager was further arrested in connection with this.

As part of the operation, searches were carried out at addresses and a further suspect - a 15 year old boy from Welwyn Garden City - was also arrested on suspicion of theft.

Sergeant Daniel Bales, from the Welwyn Hatfield West SNT, said: "I hope the results of this operation are reassuring to the public. We will be continuing work hard to tackle theft and find those responsible for it. There is never an excuse to carry a knife and I am glad that we have managed to seize this.

"I would like to take this opportunity to remind residents to be vigilant and take steps to help prevent being the target of theft. For example, if you use a handbag with a strap, wear it across your body and not just over one shoulder so it is more secure. If you use a wallet, keep it in a front pocket rather than in your back pocket as this will make it harder for a thief to slip their hand in unnoticed.

"Be as secure with your mobile phone or iPod as you would with your purse or wallet and ensure it is put away safely if you're not using it. You can also register your valuables on the free online property database immobilise.com. That way, we have more chance of being able to return them to you if they're lost or stolen.

"Remember, if you spot a theft please don't hesitate to call 999 straight away."

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hatfield Town Centre using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-htc and have your say.

 * The 17 year old boy from Welwyn Garden City has been released on bail until Tuesday 21 April.
 * The 15 year old boy from Welwyn Garden City has been released on bail until Tuesday 21 April.
