```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been charged and remanded after class A drugs were seized in Waltham Cross.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2021
title: Man charged with drug offences in Waltham Cross
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-charged-with-drug-offences-in-waltham-cross-1306k
```

* ### A Waltham Cross man has been charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

 * ### Chavez Johnson, aged 24, of Cameron Drive, is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court next month.

 * ### Call 101 to report incidents of crime in your area.

A man has been charged and remanded after class A drugs were seized in Waltham Cross.

Officers stopped a man in the street and subsequently searched a property where they discovered 200 wraps of class A drugs.

Chavez Johnson, aged 24, of Cameron Drive, was arrested and charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of class B or C drugs.

He is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on Monday 12 April.

PC Andy Crow, of the Broxbourne Scorpion team, said: "We are committed to tackling those involved with drug supply in the county and will relentlessly pursue those suspected of doing so.

"As part of the on-going fight against drugs supply we need local communities to work with us by reporting suspected linked activity and criminal behaviour so that we can take the appropriate action."

You can report information about crime online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-broxbourne and tell us your thoughts.
