```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a distraction theft in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2019
title: Appeal following distraction theft in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-distraction-theft-in-hemel-hempstead-0366
```

* ### A woman in her 90s had her purse stolen in Long Chaulden yesterday (June 12).

 * ### Police believe she was the victim of a distraction theft and are urging people to be vigilant

 * ### The suspect is described as being aged in his 30s, with a tanned complexion and black hair.

Officers investigating a distraction theft in Hemel Hempstead are appealing for information and witnesses.

It happened at Chaulden Community Centre, on Long Chaulden, between 1.20pm and 1.30pm yesterday (Wednesday, June 12).

The victim, a woman in her 90s, was inside the hall when a man entered the building. He was holding a map, and asked the victim for directions to London.

She spoke to him for a moment and he left, after which the victim realised her purse - which she had put on a table alongside her coat and umbrella - had been taken.

The man has been described as being aged in his 30s, with a tanned complexion and black hair. He did not speak very much English.

Inspector Jeff Scott, from the Dacorum Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "We are very keen to hear from anyone who was in the Long Chaulden area around the time of the offence yesterday afternoon.

"Did you see a man matching the description? If you were driving along Long Chaulden between 1pm and 1.45pm and have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, we would be keen to view your footage in case you have captured anything that could assist our investigation.

"This is a common and well-rehearsed method of distraction used to steal, so we would like to take this opportunity to ask you to be aware of those who approach you asking for help or directions.

"They may be completely genuine however we know criminals do prey on people's good nature for their own personal gain, especially if they consider that person to be vulnerable.

"If you have a friend or family member who you consider vulnerable, please talk to them about distraction thefts and ask them to be aware of their personal belongings in the event that they are approached by a stranger."

You can report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via web chat here: www.herts.police.uk/contact _, quoting crime reference 41/52754/19._

You can also call the non-emergency number 101, and ask for Herts Police.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
