```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are re-appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Aldenham.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2018
title: Re-appeal for information following fatal road traffic collision in Aldenham
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Re-appeal-for-information-following-fatal-road-traffic-collision-in-Aldenham
```

* ### Officers are re-appealing for information following a fatal road traffic collision involving a motor vehicle and cyclist in Aldenham on Sunday.

 * ### Sadly, the cyclist died at the scene of the collision in Radlett Road, near High Cross.

 * ### Anyone with information that could assist the on-going police investigation is asked to contact officers.

 * ### Two people have been arrested in connection with the collision.

Police are re-appealing for witnesses and information following a fatal road traffic collision in Aldenham.

The incident happened at 12.40am on Radlett Road, near High Cross, and involved a motor vehicle and cyclist, who were both travelling through Aldenham towards Watford.

 Sadly, the cyclist - 44 year old Nicholas Keeler, from Kings Langley - died at the scene.

Road Policing Sergeant Martin Kemp, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision or has information about the circumstances leading up to the incident and has not already spoken to police to get in touch. Any information you provide could prove to be crucial to our investigation."

If you witnessed what happened, or have any further information that could assist the investigation, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 39 of February 11 or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report

Alternatively, if you have any information about this incident you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * A 41 year old man from Watford and a 25 year old woman from Willesden have both been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. They have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
