```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating an incident where a rabbit was killed in Watford are appealing for the public\u2019s help as part of their investigation."
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2017
title: Appeal after rabbit killed in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-after-rabbit-killed-watford
```

* ### Officers investigating a rabbit that was killed in Watford.

 * ### Officers appeal for the public's help as part of their investigation.

 * ### Incident occurred in Riverside Road, Watford, between 9pm on Thursday, October 5 and 8am on Friday, October 6.

 * ### Two guinea pigs have been reported as stolen and a rabbit removed and killed.

Officers investigating an incident where a rabbit was killed in Watford are appealing for the public's help as part of their investigation.

The incident happened in Riverside Road between 9pm on Thursday, October 5 and 8am on Friday, October 6.

Between these times, a rabbit hutch situated in the garden of a property was opened.

Two guinea pigs have been reported as stolen and a rabbit removed and killed. A veterinary examination suggested that the rabbit had been killed by a human.

PC Graham Green, who is investigating, said: "This was understandably an extremely distressing incident for the rabbit's owner and I would like to reassure the community that we are doing all we can to locate the offender.

"While taking on board the guidance from the vet, we are keeping an open mind surrounding the offender as a fox was seen in the area around the time of the incident. I am appealing for anyone who saw or heard any suspicious activity in the area between the times stated to please get in touch.

"My advice to pet owners would be if you are concerned, there are steps you can take such as moving your animals to a locked shed or outbuilding at night time if possible, or improving the locking mechanisms on their hutches."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Graham Green via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number **101** , quoting crime reference C1/17/5666.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at http://www.crimestoppers-uk.org/. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
