```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A cannabis factory with a crop potentially worth around \xA395,000 has been discovered in Potters Bar."
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2018
title: Two arrested after cannabis factory and volatile substance discovered in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrested-after-cannabis-factory-and-volatile-substance-discovered-in-potters-bar-2152md
```

A cannabis factory with a crop potentially worth around £95,000 has been discovered in Potters Bar.

Officers attended the address in Willow Way and found over 230 cannabis plants along with highly hazardous butane gas canisters which are used to make cannabis oil.

There was also evidence of previous harvests suggesting the property has been used to grow cannabis plants for some time.

A 35 year old woman from Potters Bar and a 31 year old man from Potters Bar have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of a controlled drug. Both have been released under investigation whilst the investigation continues.

Hertsmere Chief Inspector Steve O'Keeffe, said: "This was a great example of partnership working. The Scorpion and Operational Support Group assisted, which helped us to make these arrests. This looks like it was a well set up operation that would likely have put large amounts of illegal drugs on to the streets of Hertfordshire.

"These kinds of factories use large amounts of water and electricity and often these are syphoned from other people's supplies and can cause damage or fires to surrounding properties. Everyone needs to be alert to these types of factories which can be set up relatively quickly and may only be detectable by those living close who may notice unusual behaviour from the occupants."

If you have any information about the supply of drugs please contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report/Report-Shared/Report-a-crime _or contact the independent crime fighting charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or submit details through their anonymous online form at_www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.

You can look out for the following signs of cannabis being grown in your community:

 * A strong and sickly sweet smell
 * Lighting and ventilation equipment being taken into the house
 * Windows always covered or blocked off
 * People coming and going at all hours or neighbours you never see
 * Strong and constant lighting at all hours
 * High levels of condensation
 * Constant buzz of ventilation equipment
 * Lots of power cables around the property
