```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 17 year old boy from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of GBH following an incident in Stevenage High Street in the early hours of Sunday morning (May 12).
publish:
  date: 13 May 2019
title: Witnesses sought following High Street fight
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witnesses-sought-following-high-street-fight-0208E
```

* ### 17 year boy arrested on suspicion of GBH.

 * ### Police appeal for witnesses and phone footage.

 * ### One man left with head injuries.

A 17 year old boy from Stevenage has been arrested on suspicion of GBH following an incident in Stevenage High Street in the early hours of Sunday morning (May 12).

Officers were called to the location, just outside Tesco Extra, at 3.30am by the Ambulance Service who were treating a man with head injuries. The victim said he had been assaulted by a group of males.

Investigating officer Detective Neil Davies said: "It has been reported to us that there was a fight in the High Street in the early hours on Sunday morning. We are in the process of viewing extensive CCTV footage, but we would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed this incident and particularly those people who filmed it."

Anyone with any information should contact Neil via email or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/42392/19. You can also report information online _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

The 17 year old arrested has been released under investigation.
