```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "The officer previously responsible for the planning and tactical delivery of Hertfordshire\u2019s operational policing response to the COVID-19 pandemic has a new role heading up the St Albans policing team."
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: New Chief Inspector leads St Albans policing team
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/new-chief-inspector-leads-st-albans-policing-team-1156f
```

* ## The St Albans district has a new Chief Inspector.

 * ## Chief Inspector Mike Todd will focus on proactive policing to prevent harm, prevent crime and prevent re-offending.

 * ## You can follow the St Albans team on Facebook and Twitter @StAlbansPolice.

The officer previously responsible for the planning and tactical delivery of Hertfordshire's operational policing response to the COVID-19 pandemic has a new role heading up the St Albans policing team.

Chief Inspector Mike Todd has taken over from Chief Inspector Lynda Coates, who has taken up a position in workforce development based at Headquarters.

As the St Albans District Chief Inspector, he leads approximately 150 officers and staff, heading up the three Safer Neighbourhood teams, the Local Crime Unit (who deal with a range of criminal investigations), five Intervention/Response teams (who respond to both emergency and non-emergency incidents), the Community Safety Unit, proactive Scorpion Team and volunteers - including Special Constables (volunteers with full police powers).

He said: "I'm delighted to take on this role in St Albans. I will continue to build upon the excellent work to date, with a greater shift from reactive to proactive policing. I will work collaboratively with our community and partners to prevent harm, prevent crime and prevent reoffending - ensuring St Albans district remains a safe place to live, work and visit.

"I am already incredibly impressed with the dedication of officers and staff who work across St Albans, Harpenden and London Colney."

CI Todd brings with him almost three decades of policing experience. During this time, he has held varied roles across the county, predominantly front-line operational roles on the local policing command. More recently, Mike was the Head of Hertfordshire Custody for four years, followed by Deputy Head of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Criminal Justice, Custody and Firearms/Explosive Licencing. For the past 11 months, Mike was the Silver Commander for Operation Bullrush - the Constabulary's response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

CI Todd said: "I am really keen to work in partnership with our community. One of the ways you can help reduce crime is to act upon the crime prevention advice in our OWL email messages - log on to Owl (opens in a new window) to join and find out more."

"We also have great Facebook and Twitter accounts in St Albans with daily messages about what we are doing - please follow us **@StAlbansPolice**. If there is something you feel we need to focus on, please submit your views via our community messaging platform echo at Harpenden echo, London Colney echo or St Albans echo.

If a crime is in progress, call 999. You can also report online speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101. Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

CI Coates, who was in post for two-and-a-half years, said: "I'm sad to be leaving St Albans. I've thoroughly enjoyed working here. I cannot fault the dedication of officers who have worked under very difficult circumstances during the pandemic, putting their own lives at risk, to help others. We have built up fantastic relationships with our partners to deal with short and longer-term issues across the district and I am especially pleased that after a long investigation, we were able to get people arrested and charged for the series of violent crime in Clarence park and London Colney."
