```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield South Safer Neighbourhood Team have taken part in a speeding operation in Welham Green in a bid to target dangerous drivers.
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2020
title: Police target speeding drivers in Welham Green
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-target-speeding-drivers-in-welham-green-0451
```

* ### Officers took to Dixons Hill Road and Station Road on Thursday (30 July), armed with a speed indicator device

 * ### This followed complaints from local residents that vehicles were speeding through the village

 * ### A number of vehicles were found to be driving in excess of the 30mph and many drivers weren't wearing seatbelts

The Welwyn Hatfield South Safer Neighbourhood Team have taken part in a speeding operation in Welham Green in a bid to target dangerous drivers.

The officers took to Dixons Hill Road and Station Road on Thursday (30 July), armed with a speed indicator device, following complaints from local residents that vehicles were speeding through the village.

During the operation, a number of vehicles were found to be driving in excess of the 30mph speed limit and they will be receiving documentation in the post.

Tickets were also issued to numerous drivers who were not wearing their seat belts.

Sergeant James Stopford said: "Let me be clear; Dixons Hill Road and Station Road are both 30 mph and driving in excess of this endangers yourself, other road users and pedestrians. We will not tolerate this and we will continue with these operations.

"Please think of the consequences of driving dangerously and ensure you stick to the speed limit. It's there for a reason; to keep you and others safe.

"I would like to thank the local residents who got in touch to report the speeding. It's really important that we hear from you so that we build up a better picture of what's happening and take action.

"You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Simply visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts."

To report speeding, you can go online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

_ _
