```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a distinctive bicycle was stolen in Hemel Hempstead.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2019
title: Distinctive bicycle stolen in Hemel Hempstead
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/distinctive-bicycle-stolen-in-hemel-hempstead-0963d
```

* ## The bike was stolen from a teenager in Warners End Road.

 * ## The two suspects rode off towards Galley Hill.

 * ## Police are appealing for anyone who may have seen the bike to come forward.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a distinctive bicycle was stolen in Hemel Hempstead.

The incident occurred in the park area near Warners End Road, at around 3.10pm on Monday 28 October.

The victim, a 15-year-old boy, had stopped to check a problem on his bike - a black and white Calibre Bossnut, with green grips and white pedals - when he was approached by two males.

They asked him to hand over his bike and when he refused they pulled him to the ground, took the bike and rode off towards Galley Hill.

The suspects are described as white, aged around 16 to 17 years old and of stocky build. One was wearing a black hooded tracksuit and the other a black hooded top and grey tracksuit bottoms. Both were wearing black trainers.

Investigator Lisa Brown, from the Dacorum Local Crime Unit, said: "The stolen bike is quite distinctive and I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may have seen it to please get in touch. I'd also like to hear from anyone who may be able to help us identify the suspects."

Anyone with information is asked to email

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/97675/19.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
