```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Leading experts on honour based abuse (HBA) visited police headquarters on Wednesday (November 7) to share best practice on supporting victims and tackling crimes.
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2018
title: Constabulary hosts honour based abuse conference
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Constabulary-hosts-honour-based-abuse-conference-2055
```

* ### Leading experts share best practice on tackling honour based abuse, forced marriage and FGM.

 * ### 150 attend conference at Police Headquarters

 * ### The aims include to increase awareness and better support for victims

Leading experts on honour based abuse (HBA) visited police headquarters on Wednesday (November 7) to share best practice on supporting victims and tackling crimes.

More than 150 delegates from police, health and social services attended the event at Hertfordshire Constabulary Headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

They heard from academics, legal professionals, diplomatic services, campaigners and others working in the field. Detectives from West Midlands Police spoke about a recent forced marriage conviction.

Delegates also heard directly from a survivor of HBA and heard a performance from community worker and activist Mizan the Poet.

The aim was to better equip frontline officers and staff who may be the first person in authority to be seen or spoken to by those affected by HBA.

HBA is not a crime itself but a range of crimes or abuses committed to protect the honour of a family or a community. Violence is not the only kind of abuse, as HBA can also include psychological, sexual or financial abuse. The victim may be coerced or controlled in some way or even held against their will.

The related issue of forced marriage was also covered by the experts. This is where one or both parties do not consent to the marriage and in the UK is a criminal offence in its own right.

The event was organised by Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit. It was sponsored by Slater & Gordon solicitors and supported by the campaign Our Girl and Hertfordshire County Council.

Detective Chief Superintendent Mick Ball, the Force's head of Crime and Safeguarding, opened the conference.

He said afterwards: "Victims of HBA and forced marriage are vulnerable because they are almost always dependent on the person or people who are abusing them. This brings with it unique challenges which we recognise needs a partnership approach to effectively tackle.

"It is often the first professional to come into contact with those affected by it who has the best chance of identifying concerning behaviour and reaching out to those affected by it."

The keynote speaker of the conference, Professor Aisha K. Gill PhD, CBE, Professor of Criminology at the University of Roehampton shared findings of ground-breaking research on 'honour' based violence, forced marriage and FGM in Hertfordshire.

Professor Gill highlighted that "identifying and responding to priority victims, depends on consistent recording, mapping, and sensitive sharing of core case data, and the clear flagging of these crimes as a distinct form of broader domestic or gender-based abuse.

"Without such information and information-sharing, the local scale and distribution of 'honour' based violence, forced marriage and FGM will remain concealed; its victims will remain hidden; and, their needs will remain unmet."

Polly Harrar is Founder of The Sharan Project - a national charity supporting women who have been or are at risk of being disowned due to abuse or persecution and also the national lead partner of the Our Girl campaign.

She said: "There is no excuse for abuse, HBA and FM remains grossly under reported in the UK and has devastating, long-term effects on victims and survivors seeking to re build their lives.

"We welcome a partnership approach that recognises the complexities and challenges faced by many victims of HBA and FM.

"This conference serves not only as a platform to share good practice and learning for professionals but also leads the pathway to ensure victims are supported to come forward with confidence but also to receive appropriate support to move forward."

Cheryl Pinner, of law firm Slater and Gordon which sponsored the event, said: "Honour-based abuse was a taboo subject for far too long, but this conference shows the great strides that have been made in tackling what is an extremely serious and complex issue.

"First and foremost, education is key so that those who are positioned to help can recognise the signs and that's why we are proud to sponsor such an important event."

Colette Wyatt-Lowe, Hertfordshire County Council's Cabinet Member for Adult Care and Health, said: "Conferences such as this are really important as we all need to work closely together to address the issue of Honour Based Abuse, which can often be hidden away within families. Greater awareness and understanding can only be beneficial in enabling us to identify and support the victims."

Commander Ivan Balhatchet, National Police Chief's Council Lead for HBA, FM & FGM, welcomed the Hertfordshire initiative.

"Honour Based Abuse, including the offences of Forced Marriage & Female Genital Mutilation are serious violations of human rights, often affecting young, vulnerable girls and women - it has no place in a civilised society.

"Conferences like this are much needed by all statutory organisations, including the police, to better understand the concealed criminal behaviours and child abuse that is taking place.

"It is only by understanding this that will police be able to improve our outlook to appreciate the real difficulties victims find themselves in, alienated by those who are supposed to care for them. We all need to do so much more to properly safeguard the most vulnerable in our society."

Pictured left to right: DAISU Detective Inspector Sam Khanna, Millie Kerr, from the National FGM Centre, Detective Constable Mindy Mohil, West Midlands Police, Professor Aisha Gill, Detective Sergeant Helen Lenihan, of West Midlands Police, Polly Harrar, of The Sharan Project, Carla MacLawrence, of Slater & Gordon, and Detective Constable Donna Norris, also from the DAISU
