```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "If you\u2019re aged between 14 and 18 and looking for a new challenge this year, why not consider becoming a Volunteer Police Cadet?"
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2018
title: Join the Volunteer Police Cadets in St Albans and Harpenden
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/join-the-volunteer-police-cadets-in-st-albans-and-harpenden-1484
```

* ### Volunteer Police Cadets get involved in a wide range of activities and events.

 * ### Groups are open to anyone aged between 14 and 18 who lives or goes to school in the area.

 * ### You do not have to have ambitions to join the police to be a cadet.

If you're aged between 14 and 18 and looking for a new challenge this year, why not consider becoming a Volunteer Police Cadet?

The St Albans and Harpenden group is currently looking for new members to join.

Hertfordshire Police Cadets are young members of the community who are involved in a wide range of activities and events. As well as learning about police procedures and the law, cadets also play a vital role in community events, engaging with members of the public and educating them on crime prevention. Specialist departments such as the tri-force Armed Policing Unit and Dog Unit also give regular talks to the cadets.

The role of a cadet is extremely varied and you will develop a wide range of skills while having fun and helping your local community. Groups also participate in many exciting activities such as white-water rafting, weekend holidays and summer camps, court visits and assist with foot patrol at local music festivals. Cadet groups are led by police officers, PCSOs and volunteers who support the young people in their development.

Sergeant Steve Alison, who leads the St Albans and Harpenden cadets, said: "Our cadets take part in a range of events and activities which help boost their confidence, improve their skills and build new friendships.

"You do not have to have ambitions to work within the police force to join the Volunteer Police Cadets but, if it is a career you are interested in pursuing in future, then this is a great place to start."

The group, which meets every other Tuesday evening, is open to anyone aged between 14 and 18 who lives or goes to school in St Albans or Harpenden.

Anyone who is interested in joining should email steven.alison@herts.pnn.police.uk for an application form.
