```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: More than 80 people hoping to don a Hertfordshire Constabulary uniform came along to our policing careers insight events on Saturday. And of those, an amazing 60 were women.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2019
title: 'Majority of hopefuls at careers events women because #SheDidYouCan'
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Majority-of-hopefuls-at-careers-events-women-because-SheDidYouCan-1036
```

* ### Sixty women came to hear about policing careers

 * ### Inspiring #SheDidYouCan videos put event on the map

 * ### We're recruiting PCs, PCSOs and volunteer police officers

More than 80 people hoping to don a Hertfordshire Constabulary uniform came along to our policing careers insight events on Saturday. And of those, an amazing 60 were women.

"For the first time, we held a women-only session because we want our police force to look more like the communities we serve and protect," explained Supt Julie Wheatley, who leads the Constabulary's Workforce Development department.

"Role model female officers from across our force made superb #SheDidYouCan videos for social media explaining why they love their job and promoting policing as a great career for women to raise awareness of the insight events.

"Women officers from all kinds of roles and ranks came along to talk to hopefuls, too, which I know our candidates found extremely useful."

We're looking for more Police Officers, Police Community Support Officers and volunteer police officers and are particularly keen to have candidates from under-represented backgrounds - including women and people who identify as black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME).

Julie added: "I know some people might think we shouldn't hold a women-only session in this day and age, but we've found that female candidates often think there are barriers to them applying for policing roles - myths that we are able to bust. Looking ahead, after the success of this session we may well be arranging sessions for BAME hopefuls and LGBT candidates, too."

Hertfordshire Constabulary is committed to recruiting a workforce that reflects the communities we serve and protect. We provide advice and support, including mentoring to candidates from under-represented backgrounds through our 'positive action' scheme, and regular advice sessions which are open to everyone.

If you think you'd benefit from positive action support through your recruitment journey, you can email _positiveaction@herts.pnn.police.uk_ to find out more.

If you're interested in a career in policing find out more at:

 * Police Officers - www.hertspolicecareers.co.uk/police-officers
 * Police Community Support Officers - www.hertspolicepcso.co.uk
 * Special Constables - www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk
