```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team who proactively targeted a suspected motor vehicle thief in Luton seized Class A and Class B drugs yesterday (Wednesday June 6).
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: Drugs seized and man arrested
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-seized-and-man-arrested-0341F
```

* ### Harpenden Safer neighbourhood team proactively target suspected motor vehicle thief in Luton.

 * ### Class A and Class B drugs seized with cash and a knife.

 * ### A 17-year-old man has been arrested.

Officers from the _Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team_ who proactively targeted a suspected motor vehicle thief in Luton seized Class A and Class B drugs yesterday (Wednesday June 6).

A Vauxhall Corsa was stolen from the High Street in Harpenden on 20 December, 2017.

The officers discovered the drugs, which included a substantial amount of Class B drugs believed to be cannabis, and about £2,000 of Class A drugs, possibly heroin or cocaine. Cash and a knife were also seized following a search of a property in Crawley Green Road in Luton.

A 17-year-old man from Luton has been arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs and proceeds of crime offences. He has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

St Albans Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Jon Roche said: "My officers will travel out of the county to pursue criminals who commit crime in the St Albans district. I hope this reassures residents that we are bringing offenders before the courts."

He added: "To help reduce thefts of vehicles, please remember to always lock your vehicle and double check it is locked."
