```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers in Cheshunt took part in a multi-agency operation targeting criminals using the county\u2019s road system."
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2018
title: "Operation Dragster \u2013 Day of Action"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Operation-Dragster\u2013Day-of-Action-2163"
```

Operation Dragster

Officers in Cheshunt took part in a multi-agency operation targeting criminals using the county's road system.

The police-led, multi-agency operation, aimed at protecting communities and keeping local residents safe, was carried out on Thursday November 29 in Waltham Cross.

The Cheshunt Neighbourhood Team and Operation Scorpion officers were joined by colleagues from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit and DVLA officers, using ANPR cameras and vehicle stops to detect those using the roads for criminal purposes.

During the operation **,** which ran between 10:30am and 3pm, 72 vehicles were stopped, one stolen vehicle was recovered and one person was arrested. Fourteen drivers received traffic offence reports and another six vehicles were seized for not being insured. Three vehicles were stopped and searched and one driver received a fine for driving with no vehicle tax.

PC George Connolly from Operation Scorpion said: "We know that much of the crime in Hertfordshire is committed by people traveling into the county from other areas. Operation Dragster aims to target these travelling criminals, using ANPR intelligence and selective stop and search to tackle vehicle borne offenders.

"This operation took place on a major route into the county and along with other activities we are conducting, we aim to make Hertfordshire a more risky place for criminals to enter if they intend to commit crime."
