```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives are investigating a fatal stabbing that occurred on Thursday evening (January 18) in Welwyn Garden City.
publish:
  date: 20 Jan 2018
title: Fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Fatal-stabbing-in-Welwyn-Garden-City
```

* ### Appeal for information following fatal stabbing of a 23-year-old man in Welwyn Garden City

 * ### Four men believed involved in altercation

 * ### Did you see a 4x4 driving away from the area? Please call 101.

Detectives are investigating a fatal stabbing that occurred on Thursday evening (January 18) in Welwyn Garden City.

We believe a serious altercation involving four males occurred in the Ethelred Close area some time before 10.20pm.

As a result, a 23-year-old man from London was found in Ludwick Way having suffered stab wounds. Sadly the man later died despite attempts to save him.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit, said: "Did you see anything suspicious or out of the ordinary on Thursday evening? We are also trying to identify a 4x4 car that was seen to leave the area shortly after the incident.

"I appeal to anyone who might have witnessed something or who knows anything at all about the incident to get in touch with us as soon as possible."

A 19-year-old man from Welwyn Garden City has been arrested in connection with the incident and remains in police custody.

We are conducting increased patrols in the area to reassure local residents - if you have any concerns please approach them.

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact the police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Burgundy, or by reporting information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
