```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Watford Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has welcomed a new Chief Inspector, Ian Grout, who began the role this week.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: Watford welcomes new Chief Inspector
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watford-welcomes-new-chief-inspector-0665
```

* ### Watford has welcomed new Chief Inspector Ian Grout, who has more than two decades of policing experience

 * ### Ian first joined the Constabulary in 1999 as a Constable based on the Intervention team in St Albans, responding to 999 calls

 * ### He says 'I am looking forward to this new challenge'

The Watford Community Safety Partnership (CSP) has welcomed a new Chief Inspector, Ian Grout, who began his new role last month.

Ian takes the reins from the borough's former Chief Inspector Matt Phillips, who has been promoted to Superintendent in the Crime Reduction and Community Safety Unit based at force headquarters in Welwyn Garden City.

Ian first joined the Constabulary in 1999 and was initially based in St Albans, working as a Constable in the Intervention team - responding to 999 calls - where he rose through the ranks to Sergeant before being promoted to an Inspector in 2006.

He spent time leading the Intervention teams in Welwyn Hatfield and Hertsmere before becoming a Safer Neighbourhood Inspector in Welwyn Hatfield from 2009 to 2014. His latest Inspector role saw him leading proactive teams in the Operational Support Group (OSG) and Mobile Scorpion Team (MST) which are responsible for cracking down on organised criminality and acquisitive crime across the county.

This involves using a range of covert and overt tactics to disrupt those involved in volume priority crime that has a significant impact on the community, including drug offences, robbery, burglary and vehicle-related criminality.

Ian is an accredited public order commander, and last December he worked as bronze commander for the NATO meeting held on the outskirts of Watford which saw US President Donald Trump visit The Grove Hotel with other world leaders for the three-day conference. Ian was leading a team of 240 officers and staff, and was responsible for securing the perimeter of the site in Chandlers Cross.

He said: "I bring with me more than two decades of experience, including a strong background in local policing, so I'm really looking forward to a new challenge as Chief Inspector for Watford.

"I have an extensive knowledge of the area, both geographically and professionally, and I am committed to unearthing the core criminal issues that affect the communities that call our town home.

"Watford is one of the busiest CSPs in the county in terms of demand and resourcing, and I am looking forward to working closely with our local partners so we can continue to work towards our goal of creating an even safer borough for people to live, work and visit.

"Watford's multi-cultural diversity is one of its greatest strengths and with that comes different needs and expectations from our communities, which we will always support.

"Everyone has the right to live unaffected by crime and anti-social behaviour and this is something I feel very strongly about. I am passionate about my team using their policing powers to improve the lives of residents in Watford. We are here to help people, and that is my focus."

Born and bred in Watford, Ian still lives locally and is married with three children. Growing up he played for local sports teams and he is also a season ticket holder for Watford FC.

Elected Mayor of Watford Peter Taylor said: "I'm delighted that Ian is taking on the role of Chief Inspector for our town. Along with all of his experience, his intimate understanding of Watford and our community will be invaluable. I am looking forward to working closely with the new Chief Inspector to ensure Watford residents continue to feel safe and that we tackle any problems in our wonderful town."

What do you think Ian and his team should be concentrating on as a policing priority in Watford? You can use our feedback tool, echo, to tell us what you think should be top of the list.

You can submit your thoughts by filling out the simple form at bit.ly/police-watford _._

You can also follow Watford's local policing teams on Facebook (search 'Watford Police') and on Twitter @WatfordPolice.
