```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft from a car in Sandridge.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019
title: Appeal following a theft from a car in Sandridge
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-a-theft-from-a-car-in-sandridge-0213f
```

* ### On Tuesday, April 30, offender(s) smashed the window of a white Toyota Yarris that was parked in the car park of Heartwood Forest.

 * ### The offender(s) took an Apple iPad along with a case of dog leads and a small quantity of cash.

 * ### If you can help, contact PCSO Joshua Walton on 101 or through email at joshua.walton@herts.pnn.police.uk quoting crime reference 41/38878/19.

Police are appealing for information and witnesses following a theft from a car in Sandridge.

Between 4pm and 4.50pm on Tuesday, April 30, offender(s) smashed the window of a white Toyota Yarris that was parked in the car park of Heartwood Forest in High Street.

The offender(s) took an Apple iPad along with a case of dog leads and a small quantity of cash.

PCSO Joshua Walton, from the Harpenden and Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "I am appealing for any witnesses, or anyone with information about what happened, to get in touch.

"Similarly, if you believe you've been offered the stolen items for sale, I would like to hear from you.

"If you can help, please contact me via the non-emergency number 101 or through email crime reference 41/38878/19."

You can also report information online.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
