```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are investigating linked incidents involving two people being assaulted by a group of six to seven young people in St Albans.
publish:
  date: 6 Sep 2018
title: Who are these boys throwing stones in St Albans?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Who-are-these-boys-throwing-stones-in-St-Albans1735
```

* Two people have been assaulted by a group of six to seven young people
 * Do you recognise the descriptions of the teenage boys?
 * Please call us with any information or report online at www.herts.police.uk/Report

Police are investigating linked incidents involving two people being assaulted by a group of six to seven young people in St Albans.

At around 6.15pm on Sunday (September 2), a jogger was hit by stones being thrown by a group of six teenagers on the Alban Way. Shortly afterwards, at around 7.45pm, a man walking his dog was assaulted by a group of young people who threw stones at him in Highfield Park near the YMCA gym and the Spar. As he tried to take a photo of the young people, he dropped his iPhone 8 Plus and one of them took it before the group headed off towards Hixberry Lane.

The group headed off towards Hixberry Lane with the iPhone 8 plus.

PCSO Lena Bhogaita from the St Albans East Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "In both incidents, we believe there were between six to seven young people, described as white, aged between 15 and 17 and some were on bikes. One of the boys had curly or wavy brown hair, was of slim build and was wearing a light coloured T-shirt and jeans. A second boy was wearing a hoody and a patterned scarf covering his face.

She added: "It is important we identify these boys so no one else is assaulted. If you are offered an iPhone 8 plus phone for sale, please get in touch."

If you recognise the description of these boys or know who they could be, please get in touch with us by calling 101 quoting crime reference ISR 602 of September 2 for the first incident and reference 41/33195/18 for the second incident. You can also report information online at https://www.herts.police.uk/Report.
