```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Fifty motorists were spoken to during an operation held in Stevenage on Friday (June 15), resulting in a number of serious offences being uncovered.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2018
title: Special Constables hold road safety operation in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-constables-hold-road-safety-operation-in-stevenage-0396E
```

* ### Volunteer Special Constables lead operation to target driving offences in Stevenage.

 * ### Number of offences uncovered.

 * ### Could you volunteer your time and become a Special Constable? Visit www.hertspolicespecials.co.uk.

Fifty motorists were spoken to during an operation held in Stevenage on Friday (June 15), resulting in a number of serious offences being uncovered.

Volunteer police officers from the Special Constabulary joined officers from the Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Roads Policing Unit to run the road safety operation in Kings Way, near Stevenage Leisure Park, between 8.30pm and 10.30pm.

During this time they targeted vehicles that had defects, drivers or passengers not wearing seat belts, mobile phone use at the wheel, anti-social driving, drink and drug driving and insurance or licence offences.

Fifty motorists were spoken to and a number of drivers dealt with for a range of offences, including not wearing a seat belt and using a mobile device whilst driving.

**Special Constabulary Superintendent, Mike Allardyce said** "Amongst the more serious issues highlighted were two drivers who were using their vehicles with unrestrained children in the back seat, one driver who had his vehicle seized due to no insurance and two drivers who received a section 59 notice for their anti-social driving.

"These operations are vital in ensuring law-abiding road users are kept safe and we are delighted to be able to support our regular officers in carrying them out. I'd recommend anyone who has time to spare to volunteer as a Special Constable to find out more. It's a hugely rewarding opportunity."

If you would like more information on becoming a Special Constable, visit and click on 'apply online' or browse the pages to find out more.

**Recruitment of Special Constables**

Hertfordshire Constabulary is actively recruiting Special Constables. It is looking for motivated team players wanting a challenge. Special Constables have full police powers, uniform and protective equipment and work alongside the regular force.

Special Constables get involved in all areas of frontline policing - from high visibility patrols around pubs and clubs at the weekend and being called to assist at the scene of a road traffic collision or burglary to arresting offenders or reassuring and advising residents after a crime has occurred.

Aside from 'response' or local Safer Neighbourhood policing, there are constantly evolving opportunities to work within specialist policing environments, such as the

investigation of modern slavery, human trafficking, child sexual exploitation, cybercrime, domestic abuse and prisoner processing.

Those with an interest or expertise in countryside and rural issues can become Rural Special Constables who are dedicated to the needs of rural communities. They work alongside our Rural Operation Support Team (ROST) and local police Safer Neighbourhood Teams investigating heritage crime or wildlife offences, tackling hare coursing or poaching, to dealing with fly-tipping or the theft of heating oil.

Once initial training is complete, Specials are coached by regular officers to complete their Police Action Checklists and are then deemed fit for independent patrol. On average this can take around 12 months.

** **
