```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2019
title: Closure Order secured on a property in Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-a-property-in-hatfield-0095b
```

* ### The flat - in Goldings House, Goldings Crescent - was investigated following reports of suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour.

 * ### St Albans Magistrates' Court granted the closure order on Wednesday, April 10.

 * ### It means that no-one can enter the flat for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

Officers from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have successfully secured a Closure Order on an address in Hatfield under the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.

The property - a flat in Goldings House, Goldings Crescent - was investigated following reports of suspected drug use and anti-social behaviour.

St Albans Magistrates' Court granted the closure order on Wednesday, April 10. It means that no-one can enter the flat for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a Closure Order had been met:

 1. That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
 2. That the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
 3. That there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises

Hertfordshire Constabulary worked in partnership with Paradigm Housing to gather evidence in support of the Closure Order. Where Closure Orders are granted, the local authority/housing association can utilise specific legislation that allows them to seek full possession of the property.

PC John Phelan, from the Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit, said: "Closure Orders are a very powerful tool in the fight against anti-social behaviour. In the past 12 months the Community Safety Unit has been successful with all seven Closure Order applications for Welwyn Hatfield. The message is clear - if there is suspected drug related activity or continuing anti-social behaviour from your home then you could be the next target."

Anyone with information about anti-social behaviour or drug activity in their neighbourhood can report the details to police online or by calling the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100 per cent anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

**

**
