```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 35-year-old woman has been arrested and charged after a charity box was stolen from a hotel in Watford.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2019
title: Woman charged following theft of charity box in Watford
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-charged-following-theft-of-charity-box-in-watford-1086
```

* ### A woman was charged in connection with the theft of a charity box

 * ### The charity box was stolen from the Premier Inn hotel on Ascot Road

 * ### She is due to appear in court on 15 January 2020

A 35-year-old woman has been arrested and charged after a charity box was stolen from a hotel in Watford.

Victoria Evans, of no fixed address, has been charged with theft in connection with the incident at the Premier Inn hotel on Ascot Road on Monday 21 October.

Evans appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on 14 November, where she was released on conditional bail. She is due to appear in court on 15 January 2020.

PCSO Letitia Rawlings, from the Watford Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Please make sure you're taking the appropriate measures to make sure your charity boxes are safe and secure.

"We advise you to secure the charity box by its security cord to a static fixture, such as the till, and make sure you display it in a place that is manned by staff, such as a reception desk or a till point. If you have CCTV, make sure you place the charity box in view of it, as that way if it does unfortunately get stolen you'll have footage to assist our enquiries."

You can report incidents online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.
