```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A second man has been charged with murder following a fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18.
publish:
  date: 24 Jan 2018
title: Second man charged following fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Second-man-charged-following-fatal-stabbing-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-1507B
```

* ### A second man has been charged with murder following a fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18

 * ### Keith Coventry, aged 34, from Bassingburn Walk in Welwyn Garden City, has been charged with murder and will appear at Hatfield Remand Court today

 * ### Officers are still appealing for information and witnesses

A second man has been charged with murder following a fatal stabbing in Welwyn Garden City on Thursday, January 18.

Police were called to Ludwick Way at 10.20pm where a 23 year old man from London was found to have suffered stab wounds which proved to be fatal.

Detective Chief Inspector Jerome Kent, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, is still appealing for information and said: "Two men have now been charged however I would still like to hear from any witnesses.

"In particular, we want to speak to anyone who may have seen a gathering of up to four men in the area at around 10pm as they may have witnessed what happened. We are also seeking information about a white BMW 4x4 that is believed to have been in the area around the time of the incident.

"The victim travelled to the area in a grey Mercedes car with a friend. We're also appealing for information about any possible sightings of him and his friend in the area that evening.

"If you witnessed something or if you have any other information that could help, please contact us as soon as possible."

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101, quoting Operation Burgundy, or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

 * Keith Coventry, aged 34, from Bassingburn Walk in Welwyn Garden City, has been charged with murder and will appear at Hatfield Remand Court today (Wednesday).
 * A 29 year old man from Hatfield has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in police custody.
 * Vinnie Bradshaw, aged 19, from Bassingburn Walk in Welwyn Garden City, who is charged with murder, will appear at Luton Crown Court today (Wednesday).
 * An 18 year old man from Welwyn Garden City who was arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail until Monday, February 12.
