```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are investigating a burglary in Watford and are appealing for information and witnesses as part of our enquiries.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2019
title: Appeal for witnesses after jewellery taken in Watford burglary
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-for-witnesses-after-jewellery-taken-in-watford-burglary-1173
```

* ### A burglary took place on Friday 29 November in Pomeroy Crescent, Watford.

 * ### We are appealing for information and witnesses.

 * ### Call 101 quoting reference 41/107757/19 if you can help with our enquiries.

We are investigating a burglary in Watford and are appealing for information and witnesses as part of our enquiries.

Between 1.15pm and 7.40pm on Friday 29 November a property was broken into in Pomeroy Crescent.

The offender(s) gained access by smashing a rear glass panel, made a search and took jewellery, clothing and a pair of reading glasses.

Detective Constable Julie Vint, of the Watford Local Crime Unit, said: "I'm appealing for any witnesses who saw anybody acting suspiciously in the area at the time to get in contact.

"Perhaps you have cctv in the area which caught something out of the ordinary? If you have then please let us know."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/107757/19. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
