```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A motorcycle has been seized by police after it was caught being ridden illegally on farmland in Hertfordshire.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2018
title: Motorcycle seized following damage to farm
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/motorcycle-seized-following-damage-to-farm-2276c
```

* ### The rider did not have permission from the landowner.

 * ### They will be prosecuted for damaging the field.

 * ### People are being urged to check where they can legally and safely ride off-road bikes.

A motorcycle has been seized by police after it was caught being ridden illegally on farmland in Hertfordshire.

Officers received reports of the bike being ridden through fields on the border of Abbots Langley and Kings Langley, on Wednesday evening (December 19).

After establishing the rider did not have permission from the landowner, the bike was seized under the Police Reform Act. The rider is also due to be prosecuted for causing damage to the field.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Chris Simmons said: "Riding bikes across private farm land is illegal and often has a huge impact on the landowner's livelihood due to the damage caused. Anyone caught doing so will be dealt with accordingly and we will not hesitate to issue warnings or seize vehicles.

"With Christmas just around the corner, many people may be receiving off-road bikes or 'mini motos' as gifts. I would urge people to make sure they fully understand the laws about where they can be ridden legally and safely, or they risk having the vehicles confiscated by police."

If you see anyone riding anti-socially or illegally, please contact police. Try and get a good description of the rider and the colour of the helmet, if they are wearing one, and make a note of any registration numbers.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101 or report it online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.
