```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Two kind hearted residents from Stevenage have donated their bicycles to staff at the Lister Hospital, after seeing a police appeal about bike thefts.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2020
title: Local residents donate bikes to NHS staff following thefts
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/local-residents-donate-bikes-to-nhs-staff-following-thefts-0137e
```

* ## Stevenage couple donate their bikes to Lister Hospital Staff following thefts.

 * ## The kind gesture was made after police release an appeal for information.

 * ## Bike locks are also donated by generous company.

Two kind hearted residents from Stevenage have donated their bicycles to staff at the Lister Hospital, after seeing a police appeal about bike thefts.

David and Kim Rogers contacted the Lister Hospital, after hearing that a number of staff there had had their bikes stolen whilst they were on duty. The Rogers had some new bikes they wished to donate.

Lister Hospital PCSO Ron Treadwell arranged for the bikes to be collected and for the Rogers to present them to two of the members of staff who had had been victims of bike theft.

Following the press appeal about the stolen bikes, PCSO Treadwell was also contacted by a company called Hiplok Ltd, who were looking to donate some bike locks to staff at Lister who cycled to work. The company dropped of 30 locks to Ron, who will allocate them to Lister staff.

PC Ron Treadwell said: "This was such a generous gesture from Mr and Mrs Rogers and Hiplock Ltd. For many of the hospital staff, their bicycles are there only means to get to and from work. Stealing bikes at any times is dreadful, but particularly now, when our NHS staff are working flat out in such difficult circumstances."

A 34 year old man was arrested in connection with bike thefts at the hospital and is due to appear at Stevenage Magistrates Court on 3 July.
