```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The family of a man murdered in Hitchin have described the gap in their lives now that he is no longer with them.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2019
title: Tribute to Katheeskaran Thavarasa
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tribute-to-katheeskaran-thavarasa-0316g
```

* ### The family of Katheeskaran Thavarasa, better known as Karan, have paid tribute to him.

 * ### Karan was fatally injured at his home in Hitchin on April 23.

 * ### A man has been charged with murder and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on July 30.

The family of a man murdered in Hitchin have described the gap in their lives now that he is no longer with them.

Katheeskaran Thavarasa, who is better known as Karan, was fatally injured at his home in Capswell Court, Hitchin, in the early hours of Tuesday, April 23.

Despite the best efforts of paramedics Karan, who had suffered knife wounds, could not be saved.

Karan's uncle Jey said: "We have been caring for our nephew Katheeskaran for 14 years.

"He was very quiet and never argued with anyone.

"We have spoken to his neighbours and they have all said nice things about him.

Karan, originally from Sri Lanka, came to the UK 14 years ago. His mother, father and brother remain abroad.

His cousins added: "We have so many memories with him and we don't know what we are going to do without him.

"He would come round our house every week and play board games with us and we are really going to miss that.

"He has always been like a brother to us. We all miss him so much and all love him to the end."

 * Eswaran Sinnathurai, aged 24, of Wilshere Crescent, Hitchin, has been charged with murder. He has been remanded into custody and is due to appear at St Albans Crown Court on July 30.
