```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the stabbing of two people in Stanstead Abbotts High Street on Wednesday, February 21 are appealing for any further witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2018
title: Police appeal for further witnesses following Stanstead Abbotts stabbing
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-appeal-for-further-witnesses-following-Stanstead-Abbotts-stabbing-1742A
```

* ### Re-appeal for witnesses following stabbing incident in Stanstead Abbotts.

 * ### Police have interviewed a number of people but believe there are others with information that they have not yet spoken to.

 * ### A 20 year old man and a 17 year old boy who were injured have both been discharged from hospital.

 * ### Four people have been arrested in connection with the incident.

Detectives investigating the stabbing of two people in Stanstead Abbotts High Street on Wednesday, February 21 are appealing for any further witnesses to come forward.

The alleged incident occurred following an altercation at around 2.40pm in the High Street and four people have been arrested in connection with it.

Investigating officer Detective Constable Caroline Smith said: "We have interviewed many people in connection with this crime, however we believe there are still others we have not yet spoken to.

"The incident happened in a central location and I would appeal to anyone who saw anything or who has any information and has not yet spoken to us, to please come forward."

Anyone who saw the incident or believes they may have information that could assist the police investigation is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference number A1/18/605, or report information online.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

The 20 year old man who was receiving treatment in hospital for a stab wound to his stomach has now been released.

A 17 year old boy who self-presented at hospital following the incident with an injury to his shoulder has also been discharged.

The people who have been arrested in connection with the incident are

 * A 15 year old boy from Ware.
 * An 18 year old man from Widford.
 * A 16 year old boy from Stanstead Abbotts
 * A 53 year old man from Stanstead Abbotts.

They were all arrested on suspicion of GBH Section 18 wounding with intent and have been released on bail until March 23 while enquiries continue.
