```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "With over 1,000 people being prosecuted in 2018 for not wearing their seatbelt on the roads of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire, the counties\u2019 tri-force Road Policing Unit is urging people to take a few seconds to belt up and help save their life."
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: It only takes seconds to save your life
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/it-only-takes-seconds-to-save-your-life-2672
```

* ### Seatbelt campaign begins

 * ### Over 1,000 people prosecuted for not wearing a seatbelt in 2018

 * ### Officers will be on proactive patrols

With over 1,000 people being prosecuted in 2018 for not wearing their seatbelt on the roads of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire, the counties' tri-force Road Policing Unit is urging people to take a few seconds to belt up and help save their life.

"We see the serious and horrific consequences not wearing a seatbelt can have to those in a car, and on their families and friends who are affected by what has happened. A few seconds is nothing in comparison to the possibility of not suffering serious injury or death on our roads," said Casualty Reduction Sergeant Ian Manley from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Road Policing Unit.

Men aged between 22 and 36 are the highest risk offenders, particularly those driving vans. You can receive a fine of up to £500 if you are caught. By county, the numbers are as follows:

Bedfordshire 306

Cambridgeshire 392

Hertfordshire 321

Sgt Manley continued: "We are absolutely committed to doing all we can to reduce the number of casualties on our roads. We conduct proactive patrols on a daily basis but during the month of March, in support of the National Police Chief's Council campaign which beings today (March 4), we will be paying particular attention to those not wearing seatbelts.

"Putting your seatbelt on should be automatic as soon as you get in your vehicle. Those few seconds really could make the difference."

As part of the work officers will also be educating people about wearing seatbelts correctly and the importance of children being secured in the most appropriate seat for their age and height.

A child must use a car seat until they are 12 years old or 135cm tall. Babies should be in rear facing car seats until they are 15 months old or 9kg, depending on the type of safety device.

**Further information**

Seatbelt Law - www.gov.uk/seat-belts-law

Car seats - www.gov.uk/child-car-seats-the-rules.

Twitter - @BCHRPU
