```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have secured a closure order on a property in Welwyn Garden City after it was linked to a stabbing.
publish:
  date: 10 Jan 2020
title: Closure order secured on Welwyn Garden City flat
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/closure-order-secured-on-welwyn-garden-city-flat-1258b
```

* ## On Wednesday 8 January, St Albans Magistrates' Court granted a closure order on a flat in Lynmouth Road.

 * ## The court's decision followed continuous reports of anti-social behaviour and drug-related activity, plus a stabbing linked to the property.

 * ## Anyone with concerns about anti-social behaviour in their neighbourhood is urged to let police know.

The Welwyn Hatfield Community Safety Unit have secured a closure order on a property in Welwyn Garden City after it was linked to a stabbing.

Yesterday (Wednesday 8 January), St Albans Magistrates' Court granted a closure order on the flat in Lynmouth Road.

The court's decision followed continuous reports of anti-social behaviour and drug-related activity. Officers are also currently investigating an assault linked to the property, on Sunday (5 January), which saw a man receive hospital treatment after being stabbed in the buttock.

The closure order means that no-one can enter the property for three months and anyone who breaches this will be arrested.

The court was satisfied that the necessary criteria for a closure order had been met:

1. That a person has engaged, or is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or
2. That the use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or
3. That there has been, or is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises.

PC John Phelan, from the Community Safety Unit, said: "We worked as fast as possible to secure this closure order following the report of the stabbing. This is our first closure order of the year in Welwyn Hatfield and for as long as reports of drug use and anti-social behaviour come in, we will continue to serve closure orders.

"Nobody deserves to put up with anti-social neighbours and we will continue to support all those who get in touch to report their concerns. If you have concerns about a property near you, please don't hesitate to contact us."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield using echo. Go to bit.ly/police-welhat and have your say.

• Police are investigating a GBH that happened in Welwyn Garden City on Sunday (5 January). At around 1.45am, the victim - a man in his thirties, was approached by three offenders as he entered the communal entrance to a block of flats in Lynmouth Road. The offenders kicked him before stabbing him in the buttock and making off. The victim was taken to hospital for treatment. Officers are carrying out extensive enquiries to trace those responsible. Any witnesses or anyone with information should get in touch using the above contact details and quoting crime reference 41/1230/20.
