```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A Bishop\u2019s Stortford man has been handed a five year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) for persistent anti-social activity in the town."
publish:
  date: 26 Nov 2019
title: "Bishop\u2019s Stortford man handed five year Criminal Behaviour Order"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bishops-stortford-man-handed-five-year-criminal-behaviour-order-1081a
```

* ## The order was granted by Stevenage Magistrates' Court.

 * ## It sets out strict criteria which Robert Bates must adhere to.

 * ## If the order is breached, he could face a prison sentence.

A Bishop's Stortford man has been handed a five year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) for persistent anti-social activity in the town.

CBOs replace Anti-Social Behaviour Orders (ASBOs) and Drinking Banning Orders on conviction and are issued by a criminal court, to tackle the most persistent individuals who are also engaged in criminal activity.

Stevenage Magistrates' Court granted the order against 41-year-old Robert Bates, of Stockmen Field, on Friday 8 November, after he was found guilty of an assault on a police constable, being drunk and disorderly and being in breach of a Community Protection Notice (CPN)*.

Under the order, Bates must not:

 * Be intoxicated through alcohol in a public place.
 * Be in possession of any open vessel that contains or had contained alcohol in a public place.
 * Attend the Rhodes Centre in South Road, Bishop's Stortford; or enter the grounds of the Rhodes Centre; or loiter outside this location.
 * Enter any location that he has been banned from in writing.

He is also required to engage with Change, Grow, Live - a voluntary organisation which specialises in substance misuse and criminal justice intervention projects - for support.

If the order is breached, he may be sent to prison.

Neighbourhood Sergeant Mark Collins said: "Despite efforts by numerous agencies to work with Mr Bates to steer him away from this behaviour, his offending has continued and we have therefore sought this order.
"We will do everything in our power to bring persistent offenders to justice and help provide some respite for members of the public and local businesses who are subjected to this kind of behaviour. If you witness the order being breached please contact police straight away."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.

If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

* A Community Protection Notice (CPN) is aimed at preventing unreasonable behaviour that is having a negative impact on the local community. Any person aged 16 years or over can be issued with a notice, whether it is an individual or a business, and it will require the behaviour to stop and if necessary, reasonable steps to be taken to ensure it is not repeated in the future.
 **

**
