```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Further searches are underway this week to try and find Joy Morgan, a University of Hertfordshire student who was last seen in Ilford on December 26, 2018.
publish:
  date: 13 May 2019
title: Searches continue for Joy Morgan
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/searches-continue-for-joy-morgan-0206b
```

* ### Further searches are underway this week to try and find Joy Morgan, a student who was last seen in Ilford on December 26, 2018.

 * ### On Wednesday, February 27, Shohfah-El Israel, aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, was charged with murder.

 * ### Anyone with information about what happened to Joy should contact police.

Further searches are underway this week to try and find Joy Morgan, a University of Hertfordshire student who was last seen in Ilford on December 26, 2018.

Joy, who studied midwifery, was reported missing from Hatfield on Thursday, February 7. She was age 20 at the time.

On Wednesday, February 27, Shohfah-El Israel, aged 40, of Fordwych Road, London, was charged with murder.

After Joy was reported missing, numerous searches were carried out in the Stevenage area of Hertfordshire.

Over the next seven days, specialist officers will be conducting further searches in and around Stevenage.

Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "We've been carrying out extensive enquiries since Joy was reported missing and following further analytical work we are returning to search in the Stevenage area.

"If you believe you have information about what happened to Joy, and you are yet to speak to police, please do come forward. Although you might think the information is insignificant, it could end up being the missing part of the jigsaw that helps us to find out exactly what happened to Joy.

"We're still keen to hear from anyone who has information about the pictured Honda vehicle which belongs to Israel. Joy used to travel in the vehicle so it is important that anyone who might have seen it over the festive period and into the New Year, gets in touch with us.

"If you can help, please come forward to help us with our investigation."

Joy had links to Hatfield, Stevenage, Battersea, Cricklewood, Ilford and Luton.

_Any information that could assist the investigation can besubmitted online here ___

_You can also contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency number 101 or_ _report information online. _

_Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via theiruntraceable online form. In over 30 years, Crimestoppers charity has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them._

 * Shohfah-El Israel will appear for a pre-trial preparation hearing on Monday, June 10, with a trial set for Monday, July 8. The location is TBC.
