```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A Hertford man has been jailed this week after pleading guilty to stalking offences against a man and woman.
publish:
  date: 14 Feb 2020
title: Hertford man jailed for stalking offences
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hertford-man-jailed-for-stalking-offences-1418
```

* ### Timothy Irwin pleaded guilty to two counts of stalking.

 * ### He was handed a prison sentence.

 * ### He was also fined and given two restraining orders.

A Hertford man has been jailed this week after pleading guilty to stalking offences against a man and woman.

Timothy Irwin, aged 30, from Halleys Ridge, pleaded guilty to two counts of stalking contrary to section 2A of the Protection from Harassment Act 1997 and was sentenced at St Albans Magistrates' Court on Tuesday (11 February).

He was handed 11-week and 14-week prison sentences - to run concurrently - as well as being fined £550 and given two four-year restraining orders. In addition, he was also ordered to serve an outstanding eight-week suspended sentence.

Irwin was in a relationship with the female victim for three weeks in 2019. After they split up, Irwin began stalking her and when she started a new relationship, he began stalking her new partner as well.

Irwin constantly contacted the victims, attended their home address, work places and followed them. The investigation revealed that Irwin's vehicle had attended the area of one victim's home address 39 times in the space of seven days.

Investigator Jayne Atkin from Hertfordshire Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (DAISU), said: "Irwin's actions have had an immeasurable impact on the victim's life over the course of a number of months.

"During that time the victim lived on edge, rarely went out, changed her daily routine including her working hours and stopped using her local shops, in fear that Irwin would follow and harass her. No one should have to live like that.

"We were able to build a case against Irwin, demonstrating that his behaviour was persistent and unwelcome. In the end, he could no longer deny stalking both victims. I am pleased that the court recognised the harm he had caused and served him a custodial sentence, with lengthy restraining orders. I would like to thank both victims for their bravery and support for this investigation."

If you believe you have been a victim of stalking or domestic abuse help and support is available. Visit Herts Sunflower for more information.

You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.
