```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2017
title: Appeal following burglary in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-in-Welwyn-Garden-City-1075
```

* ### A lap top, jewellery and money box was stolen during a home burglary.

 * ### Did you see anything suspicious or out of the ordinary in Sterling Way, Welwyn Garden City?

 * ### Anyone with information is asked to contact police via 101.

Officers investigating a burglary in Welwyn Garden City are appealing for information and witnesses.

Between 1pm and 3pm on Monday (October 23), offender(s) gained access to a home in Sterling Way, and carried out an untidy search inside.

A Dell lap top and jewellery, including a Pandora watch and a Pandora charm bracelet with around 18 charms on it including a reindeers, Santa Claus and sledge, were stolen. A Star Wars Darth Maul money box containing coins was also taken.

Investigator Linda Bunton said: "I am appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious or out of the ordinary in the area between the times stated to get in touch, as you may have information that could help our investigation."

Anyone with information is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary via the non-emergency 101, quoting crime reference B1/17/4309 or report information online.

Alternatively, contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will not go to court.
