```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Sergeant James Stopford from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team and Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council are joining together to answer your questions about anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 21 Nov 2019
title: Have your say on anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-your-say-on-anti-social-behaviour-in-welwyn-hatfield-1053
```

* ### Officers are partnering with the Council to hold a live chat for residents to discuss anti-social behaviour.

 * ### It will be taking place on Monday 25 November, and running from 6pm to 8pm.

 * ### The Welwyn Hatfield West area covers Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire.

Sergeant James Stopford from the Welwyn Hatfield West Safer Neighbourhood Team and Welwyn Hatfield Borough Council are joining together to answer your questions about anti-social behaviour.

On Monday 25 November, Sergeant Stopford and Carla Clayon, the council's Anti-Social Behaviour Team Leader will be hosting a live chat on the Constabulary's neighbourhood watch service, OWL. The chat will run from 6pm to 8pm and does not require you to already be a member of OWL.

The live chat is an opportunity for local residents to share their thoughts and concerns and ask questions about the police and council's work to tackle anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield West.

The Welwyn Hatfield West area covers the following wards; Hatfield Villages, Hatfield Central, Hatfield South West and the University of Hertfordshire.

Sergeant Stopford said: "Tackling anti-social behaviour in Hatfield Town Centre, including begging and street drinkers, is one of our neighbourhood priorities, and we want to hear the views of people living within the Welwyn Hatfield West area. Speaking to local residents helps us to address these problems so I would really encourage you to take part and have your say.

"The live chat is easy to use. You just simply need to create a username and then you're ready to go. I'm looking forward to speaking to as many residents as possible and hearing about your thoughts and concerns."

Simone Russell, Corporate Director at WHBC, said: "This is an opportunity for residents to talk to police and council officers about their concerns regarding anti-social behaviour in Welwyn Hatfield West, and hear about all the work we're doing jointly to help make the borough a safer place."

To take part in the live chat, please click on the following link just before 6pm on Monday 25 November: https://owlchat.uk/p/?roomID=1423233223

Please note the live chat is only open to residents living within Welwyn Hatfield West (map attached). Any future dates for other areas of Welwyn Hatfield will be announced in due course.

Sign up to OWL and receive crime and news updates about Welwyn Hatfield.
