```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "A 29-year-old man was sentenced to over five years\u2019 imprisonment at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (April 27) for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs in Potters Bar."
publish:
  date: 4 May 2018
title: Man sent to prison for supplying drugs in Potters Bar
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sent-to-prison-for-supplying-drugs-in-potters-bar-0164J
```

* ### Don Cole, age 29, of Cowdray Way in Hornchurch, Essex, was sentenced to five years imprisonment for possession with intent to supply heroin and five years for possession with intent to supply cocaine, to run concurrently.

 * ### He was given a further two months for failing to surrender to custody.

 * ### Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101 or by dialling 999 in an emergency.

A 29-year-old man was sentenced to over five years' imprisonment at St Albans Crown Court on Friday (April 27) for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs in Potters Bar.

Don Cole, age 29, of Cowdray Way in Hornchurch, Essex, was sentenced to five years imprisonment for possession with intent to supply heroin and five years for possession with intent to supply cocaine, to run concurrently. He was given a further two months for failing to surrender to custody.

Detective Constable Chris Payne from the Hertsmere Local Crime Unit said: "Officers on routine patrol stopped a man acting suspiciously in Ashwood Road on October 20, 2016. He was searched for drugs and £1,800 in cash and a number of mobile phones were found. Officers suspected that Cole had drugs on him and he was further detained. He ran off but was detained after a brief foot chase during which time he tried to discard a package, found to contain a substantial quantity of heroin and cocaine, worth at least £1,600."

The drugs and phones were ordered to be destroyed and the money forfeited by the court.

Cole was arrested and dealt with by Hertsmere Local Crime Unit. He was charged and remanded into custody and appeared at Hatfield Magistrates Court the following day. He was released on bail but subsequently failed to appear at St Albans Crown Court for trial. He was arrested on November 4, 2017 trying to enter the UK through Glasgow Airport. He was remanded into custody and pleaded not guilty resulting in a four day trial at Crown Court. However, he was unanimously convicted by the jury sitting.

DC Payne said: "When sentencing, the judge commented that he was convicted on clear evidence. Class A drugs can have a terrible effect on users and their families and we are committed to keeping Potters Bar safe from drug dealing and associated criminality.

"I am delighted that a drug offender is behind bars and a large amount of Class A drugs has been prevented from reaching the streets. Anyone choosing to deal drugs in Potters Bar should be looking over their shoulders as we are determined to stop you bringing such misery to communities.

He added: "Reports from members of the public make a real difference to our investigations and I would urge anyone who suspects drugs activity in their local area, or in pubs and clubs, to please continue to report it to us. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender."

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101 or by dialling 999 in an emergency. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form _._ Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
