```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following the theft of a distinctive bicycle in Chorleywood.
publish:
  date: 25 Oct 2018
title: Have you seen bicycle stolen from Chorleywood?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-bicycle-stolen-from-chorleywood1978c
```

* ### The bike was stolen from a shed.

 * ### Tools and fishing equipment were also stolen.

 * ### The bike is of sentimental value to the victim and officers are keen to trace it.

Police are appealing for information following the theft of a distinctive bicycle in Chorleywood.

The red, 1950s racing bike was taken from a shed in Hubbards Road, between October 12 and 15.

Tools, fishing equipment and a Giant mountain bike were also taken.

PCSO Steve Jacob, from the Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The vintage bike is of great sentimental value to the victim as it used to belong to his father and I am keen to get it back to him. It has recently been restored and is very distinctive.

"If you have any information about the theft, or think you may have seen the bike discarded or advertised for sale, please contact me."

Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Jacob via email to steven.jacob@herts.pnn.police.uk or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/46798/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
