```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Celebrating the differences in our communities is the theme of Black History Month for the Constabulary this year and the month was kicked off with a special event in Watford yesterday (Tuesday 1 October).
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2019
title: Constabulary supports Black History Month
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/constabulary-supports-black-history-month-0846all
```

* ## Constabulary celebrates the start of Black History Month with a special event in Watford.

 * ## Audience treated to music, guest speakers and Caribbean food.

 * ## Special guest DJ Elayne Smith hosted the morning which was supported by Brick by Brick Communities CIC.

**Celebrating the differences in our communities** is the theme of Black History Month for the Constabulary this year and the month was kicked off with a special event in Watford yesterday (Tuesday 1 October).

Organised by PC Sandra Smith in collaboration with Brick by Brick Communities CIC, and hosted by special guest DJ Elayne Smith, the event took place at the Wellspring Church Centre. More than 75 guests were treated to a packed programme of music, guest speakers, worship and food.

Music was provided by Hertfordshire Constabulary Chaplain Caroline Malcom and the Caring Sharing Friends group. Pastor Tim Roberts spoke about recognising differences within our community and Caroline Malcom spoke about change and the colour "black" being a positive, solid word rather than the negativity usually associated with it.

Chief Inspector Alicia Shaw, Chair of the Herts Black and Asian Police Association and the most senior BME officer in the Force, talked about the importance of community cohesion and asked the audience to participate in working with the police, for example becoming a KIN or joining the Stop and Search Scrutiny committee. PC Hari Hothi focussed on positive action and what support was available for those who wanted to join the Force.

Music was also provided by Steel Pan in Motion and the Hertfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and the Police Cadets also addressed the audience.

Black History Month is a national initiative aimed at promoting knowledge of 'Black History' and disseminating knowledge of positive black contributions to Britain.

Speaking about the event, PC Sandra Smith said: "I'd like to thank Andrea Hayes from Brick by Brick, who once again helped and supported me, and all of the organisations which took part. It was great to build on the success of last year and welcome even more guests."

Chief Inspector Alicia Shaw spoke at the event focusing on this year's theme. She said: "Once again PC Sandra Smith organised a fantastic event so a big thank you to her. The audience really enjoyed the speakers and music. It is really important that the Constabulary continues to support and celebrate Black History Month recognising the contribution that black people have made historically both within policing and outside of it. "

The constabulary launch event marks the beginning of a series of activities arranged or supported by officers and staff throughout October, in recognition of BHM. These include:

**Monday 14 October - The 'Constabulary Canteen Takeover'** at Headquarters with Caribbean food being served and officers and staff being entertained by a steel band during their lunch hour.

**Saturday 26 October** \- **Local officers teaming up with the Thrive Youth Group in Watford** to engage with local young people and talk about the role of a police officer and how they work within communities.

The production of a special Hertfordshire Constabulary **Black History Month booklet** full of inspiring stories and personal accomplishments, which will be available to schools and community groups.

**For more information about Black History Monthvisit __**
