```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers investigating an altercation which occurred in Bishop\u2019s Stortford on 28 June are appealing for information and witnesses."
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2019
title: "Appeal following an altercation in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-an-altercation-in-bishops-stortford-0480
```

* ### Appeal for witnesses after a man brandishes knife in Sworders Park.

 * ### The incident occurred at 6.35pm on Friday 28 June.

 * ### If you have information please call 101 quoting ref: 41/58524/19.

Officers investigating an altercation which occurred in Bishop's Stortford on 28 June are appealing for information and witnesses.

It was reported that around 6.35pm when a man in his 20s was involved in a verbal altercation with a man, who was walking a Pug dog in the park at Sworders Field close to the car park.

Following the verbal exchange the dog walker went back to the car park and got into a black Vivaro panel van, and then produced what appeared to be a knife which he showed to the victim.

PC Louise Gibson, from the East Herts Intervention Team is investigation and said: "This was a very upsetting experience for the victim who was passing through the park. After becoming involved in a verbal altercation the incident has escalated unexpectedly.

"I'd like to hear from anyone who was in the park at the time of the incident and witnessed the incident to contact me."

If you have any information that could assist the investigation, you can email: louise.gibson@herts.pnn.police.uk or report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat here or call our non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 41/58524/19.
