```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police in Hertfordshire are encouraging riders to be safe on the roads and drivers to look out for motorcyclists as part of a national week of action.
publish:
  date: 26 May 2018
title: Force supports national motorcycle week of action
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-supports-national-motorcycle-week-of-action
```

* ### Officers in the BCH RPU will be supporting the NPCC's week of action from Monday, May 28

 * ### The aim is to educate both motorcyclists and drivers to reduce the number of biker casualties across the three counties

 * ### Last year, three motorcyclists were killed and 63 seriously injured on Hertfordshire's roads

Police in Hertfordshire are encouraging riders to be safe on the roads and drivers to look out for motorcyclists as part of a national week of action.

During the National Police Chiefs' Council campaign, which starts on Monday, May 28 and runs until Sunday, June 3, traffic officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit will be out and about giving advice to motorcyclists.

Patrols will focus on education and enforcement as part of work to reduce the number of motorcyclists killed or seriously injured across the three counties.

Traffic officers will be looking at motorcyclists who are a danger to themselves and others through their riding practices, as well as those whose bikes are not roadworthy.

Drivers are also reminded of the importance of watching out for bikers and to always look carefully when pulling out of junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

The national week of action is another opportunity to remind bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world and encourage them to ride safely to ensure they get home to their loved ones.

Casualty Reduction Sergeant Ian Manley, from Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Over the coming weeks as the weather improves, officers will be offering advice and issuing tickets for motorcycling offences.

"Sadly, motorcyclists are still some of the most vulnerable road users and that is why it's so important that riders are extra vigilant. Last year, three motorcyclists were killed and 63 seriously injured on Hertfordshire's roads.

"We are asking all bikers to take their time, plan their rides and think safety."
