```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating an alleged robbery in Waltham Cross are appealing for further witnesses to come forward.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2019
title: Did you witness incident in Waltham Cross?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-incident-in-waltham-cross-2827k
```

* ### The incident occurred in New Ford Road.

 * ### A man aged in his 20s was seriously assaulted.

 * ### A man has been charged in connection with the investigation.

Detectives investigating an alleged robbery in Waltham Cross are appealing for further witnesses to come forward.

The incident occurred in New Ford Road, at around 4.40pm on Thursday, March 21.

The victim, a 22-year-old man, was reportedly approached by two men, who seriously assaulted him before taking his bag. He required hospital treatment and has since been released.

Detective Constable Elaine Adams said: "We have been conducting extensive enquiries since the incident occurred and I'm now appealing for anyone who hasn't yet spoken to police to please come forward. Any information, no matter how seemingly insignificant, could assist our ongoing investigation."

Anyone with information should contact DC Adams via email to _elaine.adams@herts.pnn.police.uk_ or by calling the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime number 41/26412/19. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report _._

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For over 30 years, Crimestoppers has always kept its promise of anonymity to everyone who contacts them.

 * Raymond Tesaga, aged 28, from Teale Street in London, has been charged with robbery and GBH. He appeared at Hatfield Remand Court on Saturday, March 23 where he was remanded in custody to appear before St Albans Crown Court on April 23.
