```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police have issued five \xA3200 fixed penalty notices following a breach of the coronavirus regulations in Hatfield, after students gathered to have a FIFA tournament."
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2021
title: "Five \xA3200 fines issued following gaming party in Hatfield"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/five-200-fines-issued-following-gaming-party-in-hatfield-1128
```

* ### Five people have been issued £200 fixed penalty notices following a breach of coronavirus regulations in Hatfield.

 * ### Police were told the students had gathered to have a 'FIFA tournament'.

 * ### Officers work closely with the University of Hertfordshire in relation to those who are not respecting the rules.

Police have issued five £200 fixed penalty notices following a breach of the coronavirus regulations in Hatfield, after students gathered to have a FIFA tournament.

On Tuesday 12 January, at around 1am, police received reports of an unlawful gathering at a student property in The Runway.

Officers attended and found more than 20 people at the address. Most people made off following police arrival.

Those remaining inside the address were reported for breaching coronavirus regulations, and after a joint investigation between officers and the University of Hertfordshire, five £200 fines were issued.

Chief Inspector Simon Mason said: "When our officers arrived at the address, it was clear that some sort of party had been going on. We were told that they had gathered to have an online FIFA tournament, which, as I'm sure most people are well aware, is far from a valid excuse for breaking the rules.

"This is completely unacceptable behaviour given the current climate. We are in a lockdown for a reason - thousands of people are dying. It is completely selfish to carry on as normal, and it's an insult to all those who are adhering to the regulations as they should.

"While the vast majority of students are complying with the new legislation, we are working closely with the University of Hertfordshire in relation to those who are not respecting the rules. Anyone found to be breaching the coronavirus regulations should expect to receive a fine.

"Please play your part to protect the NHS and save lives. The instructions are clear - stay at home."

A spokesperson from the University of Hertfordshire said: "The safety of our community is our absolute priority, and we expect our students to follow the national guidance and keep our community safe. We do not condone this behaviour and those who were found to have blatantly breached COVID-19 rules have been disciplined by the university. The vast majority of our students are following the national safety guidelines, and we will continue to work with the police and take appropriate action against those who are not."

For further information on the current restrictions, you can visit the Government website.

Officers continue to be out in communities - engaging, explaining and encouraging people to act responsibly and follow coronavirus rules. Enforcement action will be taken if necessary. The constabulary has targeted patrols in high footfall areas and is working with local authorities, licensing authorities and businesses to ensure the rules are being followed, identifying hotspot areas where necessary.

You should only leave home or travel for one of the permitted reasons set out in the 'stay at home' instruction. Exercise should be local and limited to once a day locally.

If you believe someone may be breaching the COVID-19 regulations, you can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101.

You can ask your local council to investigate a business or organisation for not following the Government's COVID-19 regulations by reporting it to them online.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in your area. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit _bit.ly/herts-echo_ and tell us your thoughts.
