```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Hertfordshire\u2019s Special Constabulary contributed over 650 hours of policing last weekend (Friday 3 \u2013 Sunday 5 July) as lockdown restrictions were eased."
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Huge policing support from Hertfordshire Specials as lockdown eases
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/huge-policing-support-from-hertfordshire-specials-as-lockdown-eases-0333
```

* ### On Saturday 4 July, more than 50 Specials were on duty helping to police the night time economy

 * ### Around 100 duties were carried out by Specials between Friday 3 and Sunday 5 July

 * ### Duties included locating a suspected stolen vehicle and responding to a pub disturbance

Hertfordshire's Special Constabulary contributed over 650 hours of policing last weekend (Friday 3 - Sunday 5 July) as lockdown restrictions were eased.

A Special Constable is a part-time, voluntary police officer with all the same powers as regular police officers. Specials come from all walks of life and volunteer their spare time for a minimum of 16 hours a month. In return, they receive first class training, support as well as the uniform and equipment to carry out the role.

On Saturday, more than 50 Specials were on duty helping to police the gradual return of the county's night time economy.

Specials based with the Operational Support Unit (pictured) made sure they were appropriately complying with social distancing as they split across two police vans. Duties they carried out included responding to a disturbance at a pub in Stevenage. Subsequently, this resulted in a dispersal order. The team were also responsible for dealing with a number of anti-social behaviour issues throughout their shift.

In Hatfield, a team of 12 Specials were instrumental in responding to and locating a suspected stolen vehicle. Taking witness statements and gathering evidence, this great piece of teamwork resulted in two people being arrested on suspicion of stealing a motor vehicle.

Special Superintendent Mike Allardyce said: "Around 100 duties were carried out by the Special Constabulary over the course of the weekend. I would like to thank all the officers who gave up their time to ensure that the easing of lockdown restrictions ran smoothly and that those enjoying themselves in pubs, bars and restaurants could do so safely. You played a vital role in the Constabulary's response to restrictions lifting and your contribution is greatly appreciated.

"Being a Special is a volunteering experience like no other. It's a great way to give something back to your community and develop new personal and professional skills. If you're looking for an exciting new challenge, becoming a Special may just be the role for you. If you're interested, please visit hertspolicespecials.co.uk _. " _

You can find more information about Special Constables and the requirements of being one by visiting the FAQ on our website.

_ _

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
