```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has a new Sergeant covering Welwyn Hatfield North.
publish:
  date: 4 Sep 2020
title: Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team welcomes new Sergeant
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/welwyn-hatfield-safer-neighbourhood-team-welcomes-new-sergeant-0475
```

* ### Sergeant Emma Francis replaces Sergeant Ian Smith on the Welwyn Hatfield North team

 * ### Sergeant Francis wants to bring a victim-focused approach to policing in Welwyn Hatfield North

 * ### She is encouraging residents to share their views about local policing using the community voice platform 'echo'. Go to www.bit.ly/police-whnorth

The Welwyn Hatfield Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) has a new Sergeant covering Welwyn Hatfield North.

Sergeant Emma Francis replaces Sergeant Ian Smith who has taken up a new role with the Constabulary's Domestic Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit.

Welwyn Hatfield North is a busy area covering numerous wards; Welwyn West, Welwyn East, Haldens, Sherrards, Handside, Peartree and Panshanger.

Sergeant Francis's team, consisting of PCs and PCSOs, are responsible for fixing the area's neighbourhood issues. They work closely with partners such as the council and businesses to achieve this.

Sergeant Francis joined the Constabulary in 2009. She began in Borehamwood, working in the Intervention team (responding to 999 calls). Prior to joining the SNT, she was a Custody Sergeant, based mainly at Hatfield Station.

She said: "Working in custody was a valuable learning experience but I'm really excited to be back out in the community - going out on patrol and helping your local residents is a buzz like no other.

"I want to bring a victim-focused approach to policing in Welwyn Hatfield North. It's so important that local residents feel safe and if you are the victim of crime, we will do everything we can to support you, seek justice and help you feel safer.

"I would love to know what matters most to you about policing in Welwyn Hatfield North. Please let me know by using our community voice platform 'echo'. Simply go to www.bit.ly/police-whnorth and have your say."

You can follow the SNT on Facebook at facebook.com/welwynhatfieldpolice or on Twitter @WelHatPolice. To sign up to Neighbourhood Watch go to owl.co.uk _._
