```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for the public\u2019s help to trace a woman who has been reported missing from St Albans."
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2020
title: Have you seen missing Modelene from St Albans?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-you-seen-missing-modelene-from-st-albans-0638f
```

* ## Have you seen Modelene Wobidike, who has been reported missing from St Albans?

 * ## Extensive enquiries have been made to try and trace her, and police are now appealing to the public for help.

 * ## Modelene has links to St Albans, Watford, central London, the West End and South London, plus Reigate and Horley in Surrey.

UPDATE - 25/09/20: Modelene is believed to be frequenting the Redhill area of Surrey. We are working with our colleagues at Surrey Police to locate Modelene and ensure she is safe and well.

Police are appealing for the public's help to trace a woman who has been reported missing from St Albans.

Modelene Wobidike, aged 39, was last seen in the city centre at 3.50pm on Saturday 22 August.

She is described as black, of medium build and 5ft 2in tall.

Modelene was last seen wearing a black dress. She often wears a headscarf, and ornate jewellery such as bangles and rings.

Officers are growing increasingly concerned for her welfare.

Jenny Brown, manager of the force's Locate team, said: "We have made extensive enquiries in order to locate Modelene but so far these have proved unsuccessful.

"Modelene is vulnerable and lives a transient lifestyle, meaning she has links to Watford, South London, Central London and the West End, as well as Horley and Reigate in Surrey.

"We are doing all we can to trace her so we can ensure she is safe and well. Please get in touch if you have any information."

If you believe you are with Modelene now or have seen her in the last few moments, please call 999 immediately quoting reference 473 of 22 August.

If you have seen Modelene since she was reported missing or have information about where she may have been, please call Hertfordshire Constabulary's non-emergency line on 101.
