```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Teams were out and about yesterday conducting weapon searches around the town, as park of the \u2018Operation Sceptre\u2019 week of action."
publish:
  date: 15 Jul 2020
title: Officers search for knives as part of amnesty week
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/officers-search-for-knives-as-part-of-amnesty-week-0352e
```

* ## Knife sweeps across Stevenage as amnesty week gets underway.

 * ## Bushes, undergrowth and bin stores searched by local officers.

 * ## Young people also spoken to about the dangers of carrying knives.

Officers from the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood Teams were out and about yesterday conducting weapon searches around the town, as park of the 'Operation Sceptre' week of action.

The areas searched included the Hyde shops, Hydean Way and Valley Way, along with Sish Lane, King Georges Park and King Georges Way. Officers were looking for knives and other weapons that may have been hidden in bushes, undergrowth or bin stores.

Neighbourhood Inspector Pat McPeake explained: "We regularly carry out weapons sweeps in the town, as we know that knives are often secreted in certain areas, so they don't have to be carried all the time, but are easily accessible.

"I am pleased to report that my teams did not find any weapons during their searches. We also used this time to talk to some of our young people who were out, about the dangers and consequences of carrying knives.

"There is currently also an amnesty bin at Stevenage Police Station should anyone have any knives they would like to get rid of, no questions asked."

If you have any concerns about knife crime or wish to report a knife related incident please contact 101 and ask to be put through to the Stevenage Safer Neighbourhood team.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively, you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.
