```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: We are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Royston.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2020
title: Witness appeal following assault in Royston
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-assault-in-royston-1551g
```

* ## Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a woman was assaulted in Royston.

 * ## The incident took place on 12 March on Grange Bottom around 6pm.

 * ## Call 101 quoting reference 41/22399/20 if you can help.

Detectives investigating an assault in Royston are appealing for witnesses and information.

Police were called to Grange Bottom on Thursday 12 March, at around 6pm, to reports that a woman aged in her 20s had been punched to the ground and then attacked while on the floor. She was taken to hospital for treatment.

Detective Constable Darren Lomax, who is investigating, said: "I'm appealing to anyone who witnessed this incident or has information about it to come forward.

"If you heard a commotion in the street that night and saw what happened please contact me via email"

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/22399/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go to bit.ly/herts-echo and have your say.

 * A 40 year old man, a 28 year old man and a 26 year old woman have been arrested on suspicion of assault. All three have been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
