```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers arrested a man and seized suspected class A drugs in Welwyn Garden City last week.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2021
title: Man arrested and suspected class A drugs seized in Welwyn Garden City
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-arrested-and-suspected-class-a-drugs-seized-in-welwyn-garden-city-1249
```

* ### On Wednesday (24 February), a 34 year old man from Luton was detained for a search under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act

 * ### Around 70 wraps of suspected crack and heroin were seized

 * ### The man has been released under investigation while enquiries continue

Officers arrested a man and seized suspected class A drugs in Welwyn Garden City last week.

On Wednesday (24 February), officers from Welwyn Hatfield Operation Scorpion* stopped a vehicle in Howlands after it was suspected of conducting a drug deal.

The driver - a 34 year old man from Luton - was detained for a search under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

Around 70 wraps of suspected crack and heroin were seized, along with hundreds of pounds worth of cash.

PC Angela Wilcox, from Operation Scorpion, said: "We arrested the man on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply. He has been released under investigation while further enquiries are carried out.

"I hope news of this arrest and the seized items is reassuring to the community. The impact that drugs have on the local community cannot be underestimated and we work hard to ensure that the streets of Welwyn Hatfield remain free of drugs and the other criminality that often surrounds it.

"If you suspect drug dealing in your local area, please do not hesitate to report it. The more reports we receive, the better our intelligence picture and our ability to tackle it."

You can report information about drug dealing online at herts.police.uk/report, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact or call the non-emergency number 101.

If the crime is in progress call 999 straight away.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

You can use our community voice platform 'echo' to let us know what you think we should be prioritising in Welwyn Hatfield. Your feedback will help towards shaping our local policing priorities, initiatives and campaigns. Visit bit.ly/police-welhat and tell us your thoughts.

* Operation Scorpion is a specialist unit that tackles acquisitive crime, such as burglaries, robberies and drug offences, by relentlessly pursuing criminals and bringing them to justice.
