```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 15 year old boy has been charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Abbots Langley.
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2021
title: "Teenager charged and remanded in connection with serious assault \u2013 Abbots Langley"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-charged-and-remanded-in-connection-with-serious-assault-abbots-langley-1164
```

* ### A 15 year old boy has been charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Abbots Langley

 * ### The incident happened on Wednesday 3 February, and left the victim - also 15 - with a single stab wound

 * ### Chief Inspector Alex Warwick says she hopes the charge 'provides reassurance to the community'

A 15 year old boy has been charged and remanded in connection with a serious assault in Abbots Langley.

The boy, from Abbots Langley, has been charged with Section 18 GBH (wounding with intent) and appeared at Hatfield Remand Court today (Friday 5 February).

He was remanded back into custody and is scheduled to appear at St Albans Youth Court on Wednesday 10 February.

The charge is in relation to a serious assault in the vicinity of Rosehill Gardens and Gade View Gardens on the afternoon of Wednesday 3 February.

The victim - a 15 year old boy - suffered a single stab wound during the incident. He remains in hospital but his injury is not deemed to be life-threatening.

Three Rivers Chief Inspector Alex Warwick said: "We are pleased to have secured a charge in connection with this case and we continue to progress our investigation.

"I hope this provides reassurance to our local community and sends out a strong message that we will not tolerate violence in Three Rivers.

"If you have any information that you believe may assist us in our investigation, please get in touch."

You can report information online at herts.police.uk/report, use online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact, or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting **ISR 591 of 3 February**.
