```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a robbery in St Albans yesterday afternoon (Monday, February 12) are appealing for witnesses and information.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2018
title: Did you witness robbery in St Albans city centre?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Did-you-witness-robbery-in-St-Albans-city-centre-1614F
```

* ### Woman injured after handbag stolen in St Albans

 * ### Did you witness anything?

 * ### Call police with information

Detectives investigating a robbery in St Albans yesterday afternoon (Monday, February 12) are appealing for witnesses and information.

The incident took place in Normandy Road at 1.19pm. A woman, aged in her 70s, was walking with her grandchildren when a man grabbed her bag. The victim clung on to her bag but was pulled with such force that she fell to the ground, sustaining facial injuries.

The man ran off with her bag towards Lodge Surgery.

He is described as a white man, aged in his 20's, wearing a grey hooded top and work-style boots.

Detective Constable Spencer Dicks from the St Albans Local Crime Unit said: "This is particularly shocking giving the victim was with her two grandchildren, enjoying half term. She is understandably very shocked by what happened. This type of incident is very unusual for St Albans and we are carrying out a thorough investigation to identify the offender.

"I would appeal to anyone who was in the area yesterday and believes they saw the incident or the man described to contact police as soon as possible."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Spencer Dicks by emailing spencer.dicks@herts.pnn.police.uk or via the Hertfordshire Constabulary non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference F1/18/715. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/report. __

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.
