```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A teenage boy has been charged in connection with carrying a knife after officers stopped and searched him.
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: Teen charged in connection with carrying a knife
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Teen-charged-in-connection-with-carrying-a-knife-2674
```

A teenage boy has been charged in connection with carrying a knife after officers stopped and searched him.

The 17 year old was arrested in Hemel Hempstead town centre on Thursday, January 31.

He was taken into custody where he was later charged with possession of an offensive weapon in public. He was also charged with assault which relates to an alleged incident on the same day where a 17 year old girl was reportedly chased and spat at.

The boy, who is from Hemel Hempstead, appeared at St Albans Youth Court on Wednesday (February 27) where he pleaded not guilty to the offences.

He is due to stand trial at the same court on May 8 and has been court bailed with strict conditions not to enter Hemel Hempstead town centre.

Dacorum Chief Inspector Paul Mitson said: "Those that choose to carry a knife are not only putting the lives of others at risk but often become victims themselves.

"Carrying a knife is a serious offence and offenders could face up to four years in prison. Making the irresponsible choice just to carry a knife could have a life-long impact on that individual. Employers are less likely to hire someone with a criminal record and countries such as the USA and Canada may not let them visit, even for a holiday.

"Knife crime has a far reaching and devastating impact on victims, offenders and their families. No-one wants to arrange a funeral for their child or see them go to prison.

"We will continue to use our powers under stop and search legislation to identify and arrest those who carry weapons. If you believe you have information about someone carrying a knife please let us know as soon as possible by calling 101 or submit information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report. If a crime is in progress always dial 999.

"I would also like to urge parents to speak to their children about the dangers of caryring knives and the serious consequences."

For more information visit www.herts.police.uk/Information-and-services/Advice/Firearms-and-shotguns/Knife-and-gun-crime and www.knifefree.co.uk/know-the-risks.
