```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Three hundred properties in Watford\u2019s Nascot ward were visited as part of the latest Safer Streets event in the district."
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2017
title: Officers meet with Watford residents as part of Safer Streets scheme
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Officers-meet-with-Watford-residents-as-part-of-Safer-Streets-scheme-1216
```

###

 * ### Three hundred properties were visited in Nascot ward

 * ### Officers and volunteers gave crime prevention advice on a range of subjects

 * ### The fire service offered free home fire safety checks

Three hundred properties in Watford's Nascot ward were visited as part of the latest Safer Streets event in the district.

The Safer Streets project is a collaborative initiative involving police, the fire service, local residents associations, councillors, housing associations and the local council.

On Sunday (November 19) a team of police officers, PCSOs, Volunteer Police Cadets and volunteers from the police and fire service knocked on doors to speak with residents about any issues they may have and offer crime prevention advice.

They spoke about how to keep homes, outbuildings and vehicles more secure and how residents can protect their money. Advice was also given around registering valuable items on the online property database Immobilise.com so that they can be reunited with their rightful owners more easily should they ever get lost or stolen.

Residents were asked to give their views on what they thought the local policing priorities should be and were encouraged to sign up to Neighbourhood Watch. Several residents also registered their details on OWL (Online Watch Link), the Constabulary's free online messaging service which allows people to receive alerts about crimes in their area.

The fire service offered free home fire safety assessment checks and a road safety operation was also carried out using the speed gun to identify anyone who was driving too fast.

PCSO David Gunn, from the Watford Outer Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "Safer Streets events are always very well received by residents as they allow us to meet with them face to face and discuss any issues they may have, while also offering valuable crime prevention advice.

"More importantly, these events allow us to identify vulnerable members of our community and ensure they receive the correct support."

Safer Streets has been operating in Watford since the autumn of 2013. In which time every street has been visited, totalling 24,000 of the 36,800 properties which reside within the eight and a half miles boundary of Watford.

Almost 2,500 vulnerable persons have been identified and Neighbourhood Watch membership has increased significantly, taking Watford from the lowest membership in Hertfordshire into the top three.
