```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team has bid farewell to its local Sergeant, who has retired after more than 30 years with the force.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2020
title: East Herts neighbourhood sergeant retires after 30 years
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/east-herts-neighbourhood-sergeant-retires-after-30-years-1297a
```

## • Duncan Wallace retired at the end of December.

## • He had been with the East Herts Rural SNT for 13 years.

## • The role has been taken over by colleague Nicola Hunt.

East Herts Rural Safer Neighbourhood Team has bid farewell to its local Sergeant, who has retired after more than 30 years with the force.

Duncan Wallace had been at the helm for 13 years before handing over the keys to his 4 x 4 patrol vehicle at the end of December 2019.

Reflecting on his retirement, Duncan said: "It's a strange feeling really. I have worked every day since leaving school aged 16 and I have been with the Constabulary for over 30 years. On the one hand I look forward to a new chapter in my life and the opportunity to spend more time with my wife, whilst on the other hand there is an air of unease.

"I have enjoyed my career immensely and feel extremely privileged to have worked with some amazing people, both within the organisation and externally. Some of those people have been truly committed and inspirational and it is that aspect of my work that I will miss most."

Duncan began his career at Stevenage in uniformed roles, on response and neighbourhood, before realising a career aspiration in moving to roads policing, where he spent 12 years. Having gained promotion to Sergeant, he completed a short period with the response team at Bishop's Stortford, before moving to his East Herts Rural Neighbourhood Team role in 2007.

Throughout his service, Duncan received several awards in recognition of his policing contribution. This includes nine Good Work Minutes and eight Starfish awards, awarded following numerous letters of appreciation from the public.
In addition he has received a number of Chief Constable Commendations, four of which were for the following:

• For an excellent investigation into a road death leading to the conviction of an offender in 2004
• Following a death, for persistence and determination leading to a successful prosecution in 2002
• Rescuing a member of the public from a burning vehicle in 2004
• Community reassurance work following a triple murder in 2009, which helped to reduce fear and community tensions.

In addition, Duncan was named the Constabulary's neighbourhood officer of the year in 2009 and rural officer of the year in 2014.

Duncan said: "My most memorable moment will always be my final barn meet in November, when, having had my work formally acknowledged by the Chief Constable, the entire barn rose to their feet and demonstrated their appreciation of my contribution. It was incredibly humbling to be acknowledged so overtly by representatives of the community and partners with whom I have worked alongside for the past 13 years.

"I also had one final aspiration which I was able to realise. Having been fully operational throughout my career, I wanted my final day to be spent operational; patrolling my area, being visible, providing reassurance to the rural community."
To mark his retirement, colleagues, partner representatives and members of the local community came together after his final shift, for a surprise send off at Buntingford police station.

East Herts Safer Neighbourhood Inspector Chris Hunt said: "Duncan has excelled at delivering rural policing that works for the rural community. His legacy will not only be freezing cold barn meetings, but his work to produce a community garden at Buntingford police station as well as delivering specialist training and managing specialist vehicles which allow the rural team to better meet the demands of the rural community they serve.

"Duncan has also delivered specialist and practical training on rural matters to staff and partners and has represented the Constabulary at national rural events. The links he has forged across borders, both geographical and organisational has resulted in a proactive network of partners, ensuring criminals find it harder to commit crime in rural communities across the region. He will be much missed and I wish him all the best for his retirement."

East Herts Chief Inspector Stuart Orton said: "It was wonderful to meet with so many farmers, volunteers, councillors and business owners from the rural community, celebrating Duncan's retirement alongside his colleagues, friends and family. The presence of so many people was testament to Duncan's dedication and professionalism over his 30 years of service, latterly as the Safer Neighbourhood Sergeant for Rural East Herts."

Duncan's role has now been taken by Sergeant Nicola Hunt, who has been promoted after several years with the East Herts rural policing team. Further information about her appointment will follow shortly.
