```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: "Police are urging members of the public to remain vigilant following an incident in Bishop\u2019s Stortford where a man was scammed out of thousands of pounds."
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: "Man defrauded in Bishop\u2019s Stortford"
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-defrauded-in-bishops-stortford-0843
```

* ### A man was defrauded as he tried to sell his Rolex watch on Gumtree.

 * ### Police are urging people to remain vigilant.

 * ### Anyone who has been approached in similar circumstances is asked to come forward.

Police are urging members of the public to remain vigilant following an incident in Bishop's Stortford where a man was scammed out of thousands of pounds.

The victim had advertised a Rolex watch for sale on Gumtree and was subsequently contacted by someone called 'Maria' who said she was interested in purchasing it.

He then got a call from a man claiming to be Maria's partner, who asked if they could meet face to face to discuss the sale.

The victim agreed and met the man at the Costa Coffee cafe, situated within Tesco at Bishop's Park, at around 4.30pm on 21 October.

The man examined the watch before handing over an agreed sum of money to the victim, so he could check the banknotes were genuine.

However, the man then asked if they could go to a jeweller together, to have the watch authenticated.

The victim agreed, handed back the envelope of cash and the pair headed towards the car park.

The man suddenly changed his mind, said he would take the watch in good faith and handed the envelope back over to the victim, before leaving the area.

On returning back home, the victim opened the envelope to discover it was filled with used lottery tickets.

PCSO Scott Rome, from the Bishop's Stortford and Sawbridgeworth Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "The victim believes that the suspect must have swapped the envelope filled with cash for a second envelope as they were walking out of the store.

"The man is described as white, aged in his mid-50s to 60s, around 5ft 9in tall and spoke with what is believed to have been an eastern European accent. He was wearing a distinctive farmers flat cap, a face mask, cling film gloves, a jacket and jeans.

"I am appealing for anyone who thinks they may know the identity of the suspect to please come forward. I would also like to hear from anyone who may have found themselves in similar circumstances."

He added: "We are aware that, under the current circumstances and with Christmas approaching, more people are looking to make a little extra cash by selling unwanted items. I'd therefore like to take this opportunity to remind people to remain vigilant when selling items online, particularly when it comes to high value possessions."

If you feel uncomfortable or suspicious, do not hesitate to withdraw from a sale and contact police."

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/84861/20.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form.
