```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man has been sentenced to seven years in prison and will be placed on the sex offenders register for life after pleading guilty to multiple historic sexual offences against children.
publish:
  date: 28 Nov 2019
title: Man sentenced for historic sexual offences against children
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-sentenced-for-historic-sexual-offences-against-children-1092
```

* ### Allen Meredith worked at The Royal Alexandra and Albert School in Surrey in the 1980s, and The Royal Caledonian School in Bushey in the 1990s

 * ### He was found guilty of 14 charges relating to offences committed against five victims, who were all pupils at the schools

 * ### He has been sentenced to seven years in prison, and will be placed on the sex offenders register for life

A man has been sentenced to seven years in prison and will be placed on the sex offenders register for life after pleading guilty to multiple historic sexual offences against children.

Allen Meredith, aged 72, of Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire, appeared before St Albans Crown Court for sentencing yesterday (Wednesday 27 November) after pleading guilty at a hearing on 4 November to:

 * Buggery of a male under 14 years
 * Indecent assault on males under 14 years
 * Indecency with or towards male children under 14 years
 * Attempted indecent assault on a male under 14 years

There was a total of 14 charges, all relating to offences that were committed against five victims who were all pupils at the schools Meredith had been working at.

The offences came to light in 2016, when one of his victims reported the abuse he had endured to the police.

The court heard that Meredith had been employed as a housemaster at The Royal Alexandra and Albert School in Surrey in the 1980s; before going on to work at The Royal Caledonian School in Bushey, Hertfordshire, between the 1980s and 1990s.

As part of his role as 'housemaster', he was in charge of dormitories and would use his authority to get his victims alone in his bedroom, which is where he would carry out the abuse.

DC Jason Tinsey, who investigated the case, said: "Multiple children suffered years of abuse whilst in Meredith's care. He took advantage of his position of trust and authority in the most horrific way imaginable, and stole the innocence of these young children.

"His victims have been incredibly brave coming forward to report what happened to them, and I hope that this result can provide them with some sense of closure, so that they can move forward after seeing their abuser bought to justice.

"I'd like to take this opportunity to stress that we take all reports of abuse seriously. We are here to bring offenders to justice, regardless of how much time has passed, and we will always support the victim throughout the investigative process."

If you have been a victim of historic sexual abuse, you can report it to police on the non-emergency number 101, or report it online.

Anyone in Hertfordshire who has experienced sexual abuse or sexual violence can contact the Herts Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) for practical and emotional support. The centre can arrange face-to-face support, sexual health referrals, and provide forensic medical examinations for those who want them.

To contact Herts SARC, call the 24/7 helpline on 0808 178 4448, email _Herts.SARC@nhs.net_ or visit their website.

This service is open to everyone - men, women and young people, no matter how long ago the abuse occurred.
