```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a moped driver was injured in Stevenage.
publish:
  date: 21 Feb 2020
title: Witness appeal following incident in Stevenage
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/witness-appeal-following-incident-in-stevenage-1444
```

* ### The driver of a red Honda moped came off his vehicle.

 * ### One person was taken to hospital for treatment.

 * ### Officers are appealing for witnesses and information.

Officers are appealing for witnesses and information after a moped driver was injured in Stevenage.

For reasons unknown, at around 9.40pm on Wednesday 12 February, the driver of a red Honda moped came off his vehicle in Chells Way. No other vehicles were involved.

The moped rider was taken to hospital for treatment.

DC Jess Berg, who is investigating, said: "If you were in the area around the time specified, and witnessed the incident or believe you may have information that could assist our investigation, please get in contact.

"If you have a dash cam fitted to your vehicle, and believe you may have captured a red moped driving in Stevenage that night, please review your footage and send it through to us if you think it could be of use."

Anyone with information is asked to contact DC Berg directly via email at jess.berg@herts.pnn.police.uk.

You can report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via online web chat or call our non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 41/13329/20. If a crime is in progress or someone's life is in danger, call 999 immediately.

Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or report information online.

You can tell us what matters most to you about policing, crime or anti-social behaviour in Hertfordshire using echo. Go and have your say.

 * A 25-year-old man from Stevenage was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. He has since been released under investigation.
