```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A 31-year old man from Dagenham was sentenced to four years imprisonment for Possession of a Class A Drug with Intent to Supply at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday, December 21.
publish:
  date: 22 Dec 2017
title: Man sentenced to four years for Hatfield drug offence
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-to-four-years-for-Hatfield-drug-offence-1316
```

A 31-year old man from Dagenham was sentenced to four years imprisonment for Possession of a Class A Drug with Intent to Supply at St Albans Crown Court on Thursday, December 21.

Ewing Nseti , from Marston Avenue, pleaded guilty at Hatfield Remand Court on Friday, November 17 and has been remanded in custody since then. He was also disqualified from driving for four years.

Nseti was arrested on November 16 in South Way, Hatfield when Operation Scorpion officers were undertaking Operation Vinic ***** patrols in the area and a member of the public reported they had seen a man acting suspiciously.

After his arrest, Nseti was conveyed to Hatfield Police Station and his car was seized. A thorough search by police officers and a specialist drugs dog revealed large amounts of heroin, cocaine and £300 had been secreted in the car. The drugs seizure is believed to have a street value of around £24,000.

***** Operation Vinic is an on-going drive aiming to tackle Class A and Class B drugs offences in Hatfield and associated ASB, some of which is believed to be fuelled by offenders crossing over Hertfordshire's borders from London.

**Detective Inspector John Hazeldine, who leads Hatfield 's Local Crime Unit, said:** "Class A drugs can have a devastating impact on users and their families and we are committed to keeping our communities safe from drug dealing and associated criminality.

"I am delighted that through proactive work with Operation Vinic, a prolific drug offender is behind bars for a significant amount of time and a hugely significant amount of Class A drugs has been prevented from reaching the streets of Hatfield.

"The length of the sentence reflects the seriousness of the offences committed and sends a message that if you choose to deal drugs in Welwyn Hatfield, then you should be looking over your shoulder as we are determined to bring your activities to an end.

"I would like to thank the member of the public who informed us they saw a man behaving suspiciously while officers were patrolling. Such information can significantly help us in the fight against drugs as it did in this instance."

Reports from members of the public make a real difference in the fight against drugs. We would urge anyone who suspects drugs activity in their local area or in pubs and clubs to please report it to us. Any information you provide could be the missing jigsaw piece which will lead us to catching an offender.

Suspected drugs use can be reported via the police non-emergency number 101 or dial 999 in an emergency. You can also use the Constabulary's online reporting form at www.contacthertspolice.uk/Report

Alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
