```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are growing increasingly concerned about the welfare of missing 53-year-old Phillip Cave from Watford after he went missing on Friday, March 23. He could be in one of a few locations in the county.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2018
title: "Police concerns grow for Watford\u2019s missing Phillip"
url: "https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-concerns-grow-for-Watford\u2019s-missing-Phillip-1843"
```

* ### Police are very concerned about missing Phillip

 * ### They are concerned about his welfare

 * ### Phillip could be anywhere in the country, but also Nuneaton, Norfolk and Yorkshire

Police are growing increasingly concerned about the welfare of missing 53-year-old Phillip Cave from Watford after he went missing on Friday, March 23. He could be in one of a few locations in the county.

 Phillip left his address on March 23 and his car has since been seen Nuneaton in Warwickshire around 6pm that day.

He does have connections in Yorkshire and has also talked about going to Wells-next-to-the sea in Norfolk, but could be anywhere in the country. It could be that he is now driving in the countryside or has stopped his car in a remote location.

 Phillip drives a silver BMW Z4 convertible with the partial index FM06. He is a white man, with grey balding hair and a goatee beard. He is 6ft 2 tall, of stocky build and he is likely to be wearing a gillet, like the one in the photo.

The public is asked to keep an eye out for a man and car fitting the descriptions given, particularly in the locations of Norfolk, Yorkshire and Warwickshire.

Anyone who sees Phillip is asked to contact Hertfordshire Constabulary straight away via the non-emergency number 101, quoting ISR 582 of March 23.
