```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Hatfield.
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2021
title: Did you witness assault in Hatfield?
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/did-you-witness-assault-in-hatfield-1344b
```

* ### The incident occurred in Oak Grove.

 * ### A man was allegedly assaulted and threatened after he intervened during a theft.

 * ### A man has been arrested in connection with the investigation.

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following an assault in Hatfield.

The incident occurred in Oak Grove, sometime between 4.40pm and 5pm on Wednesday 17 March.

It was reported to police that a bicycle had been stolen from outside an address and that a man aged in his 40s had intervened. In doing so, he was allegedly assaulted and threatened with a wooden object.

Investigator Daryl Allwood said: "Thankfully no one was seriously injured during the incident. Our enquiries are continuing at this time and, as part of this, we are appealing for any witnesses who haven't yet spoken to police, to please come forward. We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who may have seen a Skoda Octavia being driven in the area."

Anyone with information is asked to please contact Investigator Allwood via email.

You can also report information online, speak to an operator in our Force Communications Room via our online web chat or call the non-emergency number 101, quoting crime reference 41/19043/21.

Alternatively, you can stay 100% anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via their untraceable online form (opens in a new window).

• A 40-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.
