```yaml
area: Hertfordshire
og:
  description: A man who died after being found seriously injured in a street in London Colney has been named.
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2018
title: London Colney murder victim named
url: https://www.herts.police.uk/news-and-appeals/london-colney-murder-victim-named-2166
```

* ### Ahsanullah Nawazai died in hospital after being found seriously injured in Walsingham Way, London Colney, on November 28

 * ### The family of the 20-year-old, from Walthamstow in London, have paid tribute to 'a lovely kid and a much-loved member of the family'

 * ### Detectives are continuing their investigation into the circumstances surrounding Ahsanullah's death

A man who died after being found seriously injured in a street in London Colney has been named.

Ahsanullah Nawazai, aged 20, of Walthamstow in London, was found collapsed with a number of stab wounds in Walsingham Way by a member of the public at around 7.15pm on Wednesday, November 28.

He was taken to hospital where he later passed away.

Today, his family have asked us to release the following words describing Ahsanullah:

**" He was a happy person, a lovely kid and much-loved member of the family. He always had a smile on his face."**

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are continuing their investigation in order to establish the circumstances around Ahsanullah's death. The cordon in Walsingham Way has now been lifted.

If you have any information that could assist the investigation but have not yet spoken to police, please call 101 quoting crime reference 41/60757/18. You can also report information online at www.herts.police.uk/Report or speak to one of our operators in the Force Communications Room via web chat.

Alternatively, you can contact the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org. No personal details are taken, information cannot be traced or recorded and you will never need to go to court.

Ahsanullah Nawazai
