```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Swindon CPT say thank you to fantastic volunteer - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/2850/Swindon-CPT-say-thank-you-to-fantastic-volunteer
```

4. Volunteers: Let us take you #BeyondtheBeat

Today, Friday 22 June, is the last day for police volunteer, Lane Stow, 19 at his placement at Gablecross Police Station.

Members of staff from departments across the station gathered to say thank you and goodbye to Lane who has become a valued addition to our team.

Lane started in November 2017 and has worked in various departments including the enquiry desk and main parade room. His main duties included administration, filing, dealing with post, helping to maintain our police vehicles and supporting officers and staff.

Everyone wanted to offer their thanks to Lane and Supt Adrian Burt had nothing but praise for him: "Lane really had a positive impact, he has an infectious smile and a unique sense of humour that has really brightened up the station. We are really pleased that we could give him this experience and thank him for all his hard work he has done over the last six months. We are really sad to lose him but know that he will be just as fantastic in his next placement.

"There are limited placements available and we are privileged to be able to help out. We tried really hard to make sure that Lane gained skills and enjoyed his time with us, we tailored his duties to meet his needs and we have benefited from having his assistance. Following the success of our time with Lane we are looking at offering the opportunity out to others."

Lane wanted to see a few other behind the scenes areas of the station before he left and along with Sharon Innes, who was instrumental in organising Lane's placement, visited the Crime Scene Investigation Department where he learned about fingerprints. Then it was off to Custody where he had a quick experience of being in a cell and interview by DS Adam Leakey.

Lane talked about his time at Gablecross: "It has really been fantastic and I have loved being here. The people are really nice and I most enjoyed working in the enquiry office but I can't pick a best moment as its all been great. I was proud to wear my uniform and I am going to really miss everyone. I really loved it, its my dream."

DS Leakey said: "Its been a joy to have Lane with us, he is always happy to help out and put maximum effort into even the smallest task. You can't help but feel positive when you are with Lane, he brightened up the parade room. We hope that he has lots of happy memories of his time here and wish him all the best with his next placement."

The WorkFit team said: "The WorkFit team would like to offer their thanks for all the Officers and Support Staff who have done so much to support Lane over the last 8 months. We look forward to having a continued working partnership with the Gablecross Police Station in the future."

WorkFit supports people with Down's syndrome to access meaningful work opportunities that can benefit the rest of their lives. For more information about WorkFit please contact the team on **0333 12 12 300** or email us on **dsworkfit@downs-syndrome.org.uk**

For more information visit the WorkFit website: **www.dsworkfit.org.uk**

Photos from Lane's time at Gablecross are attached.
