```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Tack rooms targeted and horse equipment stolen - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6957/Tack-rooms-targeted-and-horse-equipment-stolen
```

**We're urging horse owners in the north of the county to be extra vigilant after one stables has been repeatedly targeted over the last few weeks.**

Tack rooms, stables and fields, where horses are kept, have been illegally accessed at The Stables, Eastrip Lane, Colerne, during November. The latest incident last night (2 Dec) resulted in 10 electric fence posts being stolen and field gates opened - leaving the horses free to roam.

Other items taken in the night time vists include leather stirrups, gloves, horse medication and food. The owners also found other tack deliberately damaged and covered in a highly sticky brown liquid which has either ruined the tack or will require it to be professionally cleaned.

The first incident happened between 14th November and 28th of November and the second incident happened overnight on the 29th November.

PC Angela Holden said: "We'd be interested to hear from anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the farm area on those dates.

"The victim is very shaken by this targeting. Not only is equipment used for looking after horses extremely expensive to replace but for gates to be deliberately left open so that the animals could escape and injure themselves, is particularly cruel."

Anyone with information is asked to call 101 and quote crime reference 54200119039 or to call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.

 _Published: Wednesday, 2 December 2020_
