```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Swindon man jailed for drugs offences - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6999/Swindon-man-jailed-for-drugs-offences
```

**A Swindon man has been jailed for more than three-and-a-half years after being found in possession of drugs and a knife. **

 ****

Josef Gordon, aged 29, from Portland Avenue, Old Town, was stopped driving his Vauxhall Astra on Cricklade Road on 6th August 2019. He was given a drug wipe by officers at the roadside which proved positive.

The car was then searched during which packets of cocaine and an offensive weapon were found.

Gordon pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply cocaine, being in possession of a bladed article and drug driving. He was sentenced to a total of 43 months on Thursday (10/12).

Following the sentencing at Swindon Crown Court, PC Sam Bridgeman, who oversaw the case, said: "We are pleased with this result as it shows the seriousness of the crime.
"The message here is that if you deal in drugs then you stand a good chance of being caught; that's the same as driving over the influence of drugs or drink as this sentencing proves."

Wiltshire Police's annual Christmas drink and drug driving campaign is running throughout December and we are urging people to report offenders to us. If you know someone who regularly drink or drug drives, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description, their car registration and a time or day that they always do it.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Monday 14 December 2020. _
