```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Help us keep everyone safe this festive season - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/5348/Help-us-keep-everyone-safe-this-festive-season
```

Counter Terrorism Policing has launched a campaign to help keep crowded places secure over the festive period.

Officers are calling on the public and those who work in our busy towns and cities to remain vigilant and report any concerns to staff, security or - in confidence - to the police at gov.uk/ACT.

This annual campaign asks everyone to be the extra eyes and ears of the police, so we can work together to tackle terrorism.

ACC Maggie Blyth, said: "We are asking everyone out and about enjoying the season to put security at the top of their festive list.

"The chances of any one person being caught up in a terrorist incident are low. But sadly, as we saw in 2017 and more recently, attacks can be carried out anywhere and anytime.

"The national threat level remains 'Substantial', meaning an attack is likely, so we need to remain vigilant.

"Our message to people across Wiltshire and Swindon is not to worry that you might be wasting our time. We value all intelligence and want our communities to engage with us.

"If you see something that doesn't look right - ACT. Report it either to local security or staff - or to police at gov.uk/ACT - and let us check it out.

"A few minutes of your time could be a precious gift that helps saves lives. Please be a good CT citizen this festive period.

"Local community policing teams and specialist officers will also be patrolling across the county throughout the Christmas period to provide reassurance and keep our communities safe".
