```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Wiltshire Police supports online day of action to raise awareness of raptor persecution - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6133/Wiltshire-Police-supports-online-day-of-action-to-raise-awareness-of-raptor-persecution-
```

We are joining other police forces across the country today (15 May) in a virtual 'Operation Owl' day of action to highlight bird of prey persecution.

Launched in February 2018, Operation Owl is a joint initiative by North Yorkshire Police, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) and the Royal Society for the Protection of Animals (RSPCA), together with the North York Moors and Yorkshire Dales National Parks and the Nidderdale AONB. The initiative sets out to raise awareness of raptor persecution, encouraging the public to be vigilant for signs of this criminal activity, and to report suspicious activity to the police.

In June last year, Operation Owl was rolled out nationally and the first awareness weekend was held in September 2019 with 26 police forces taking part across the whole of the UK. A second national weekend of action was planned for April 2020 with 36 police forces asking to be involved. However, that had to be cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Superintendent Nick Lyall, Chair of the England and Wales Raptor Persecution Priority Delivery Group (RPPDG), said: "Whilst it is not possible to hold a weekend of action at this time, we wanted to use social media and online channels to raise awareness of bird of prey persecution and to take a stand against this unacceptable crime.

"The three vital pieces of information we want to make everyone aware of are 'Recognise, Record and Report' - how to recognise bird of prey persecution, how to record it and how to report it. If you notice anything suspicious, like a dead or injured bird of prey, or a suspicious trap, call the police on 101. Take pictures on your phone, and remember please do not interfere with what could be a crime scene or a lawfully placed trap.

"Please share our messages with your networks online and please be vigilant for signs of raptor persecution when you are out and about taking your daily exercise. Everyone has a part to play in helping put an end to this relentless persecution."

PC Emily Thomas, Rural and Wildlife Crime Officer at Wiltshire Police, said: "We need the public's help to spot suspicious activity, poisoned bait sites, and illegal 'pole traps', which are used to capture birds of prey before the trapper returns to kill them.

"If you come across a dead bird or suspicious object, this could be a wildlife crime scene. Every piece of information may be crucial in prosecuting an offender.

"If you spot something illegal or suspicious, report it to the police. If the crime or suspected crime is still taking place right now, call 999 immediately. Never approach suspects yourself as they may react violently".

More information at: www.operationowl.com
