```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Campaign launched to reduce additional policing demands during summer - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6495/Campaign-launched-to-reduce-additional-policing-demands-during-summer
```

## This week, we're launching a campaign to help reduce the demand on our local policing teams as we enter the busy summer period.

This week, we're launching a campaign to help reduce the demand on our local policing teams as we enter the busy summer period.

The Summer Demand campaign aims to continue the conversation with our communities about how they can best help us over the summer months.

The campaign will run through August and September and will focus on a number of issues including anti-social behaviour, public order and violence against the person, hate crime and sexual assault.

Community Policing Team Wiltshire Hub Superintendent David Minty said: "Traditionally over the summer months we see an increase in particular crime types as the weather gets warmer and people spend more time socialising with others.

"The lifting of lockdown restrictions have already heightened some of the demands we see, particularly those related to public order and violence against the person.

"We want to work with the public and our partners to not only reduce this demand on the police, but to prevent crimes from happening in the first place.

"We will be using the campaign as an opportunity to signpost people to the relevant agencies and organisations, as well as highlighting some of the issues that take up most of our time.

"We want to ensure the public understand how they can help us reduce this demand and when they should call us on 101 or 999, and when they should be contacting our partner agencies."

Published 06/08/2020
