```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Witness appeal following assault on rider - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7104/Witness-appeal-following-assault-on-rider
```

**We're appealing for witnesses after a moped rider was assaulted by the driver of a car in Swindon. **

At approximately 9pm on Sunday 25 November, a moped rider was followed by a car along Thamesdown Drive onto Gairlock Close, Sparcells where both vehicles then stopped.
The driver of the vehicle then got out holding what is believed to have been a scaffold pole or baseball bat; he used this to assault the rider and cause damage to the moped. Fortunately, the teenage male rider was unhurt.

PC Thomas Neale said: "We are appealing for witnesses to what was a nasty attack.
"It's lucky the victim wasn't hurt.
"Thamesdown Drive is a busy road and Sparcells is a built up residential area - someone must have witnessed something that day.
"Do you remember seeing a car and moped together on Thamesdown Drive - perhaps acting strangely? Or perhaps you heard or saw something suspicious in Gairlock Close that evening?
"If you can help in anyway, please call us on 101 quoting crime reference number 54200117673."

You can also report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Three local teenagers were arrested in relation to this incident:
Two 16-year-old boys have been released on conditional bail.
A 13-year-old girl has been released under investigation.

 _Published on Tuesday 2 February 2021_
