```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Drug driver in Trowbridge banned for a year - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7163/Drug-driver-in-Trowbridge-banned-for-a-year
```

**A driver who was stopped in Trowbridge driving under the influence of drugs last summer has been banned from driving for a year and fined.**

David Canham, 38, of Hollis Way, Southwick, pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle under the influence of drugs.

He was disqualified from driving for 12 months, fined £120 and ordered to pay costs and a victim surcharge at Salisbury Magistrate's Court on Friday (19/02).

At approximately 10.20am on 10 June last year, a white Vauxhall Combo was seen driving on Frome Road, Trowbridge, and officers had reason to stop the vehicle.

A drug swipe returned positive and Canham was arrested.

Sgt Will Ayres of the Roads Policing Unit said: "Driving under the influence of drugs increases your chances of being involved in a collision and that collision leading to serious injury or a fatality.

"The impact of drugs is very similar to that of alcohol in that it impairs your judgement of time and distance.

"Like alcohol, drugs can also stay in the system for a long time and impact your ability to drive the next day, so don't take the risk."

If you are suspicious of someone driving under the influence of drugs, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description and their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Monday, February 22, 2021_
