```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Dangerous driver sentenced - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7157/Dangerous-driver-sentenced
```

**A driver who drove almost up to 80mph in a residential street in Swindon has been sentenced. **

Reuban Martins, aged 22, from Volta Road, Swindon pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and using a car with a bulging tyre at Swindon Crown Court, and on Friday 12 February was sentenced to an 18-month community order with 120 hours of unpaid work and three months curfew. He was also banned from driving for 15 months and has to pass an extended retest.

On Friday 22 May 2020, PC Christopher White was conducting mobile patrols in an unmarked police car when he spotted a white Mercedes C300 pass him on Queens Drive at an excessive speed. PC White followed the car which veered right into Windsor Road, not stopping for oncoming vehicles. By now the officer had illuminated his blue lights and activated his siren as the Mercedes accelerated up to 79mph in this 30mph zone.

The car briefly stopped at the top of Windsor Road but then sped off again as the officer got out of his patrol car; Martins was stopped by other officers in marked cars in Groundwell Road a few minutes later.

Following the sentencing, PC Christopher White said: "The way Reuben Martins drove that day was dangerous and irresponsible.
"The outcome of his speeding - more than twice the legal limit in places - could have been fatal. If he had collided with a pedestrian, cyclist, motorcyclist or other driver the consequences of his thoughtless actions would have been much worse.
"Hopefully, the sentence will allow him time to reflect on his actions so as not to make the same mistakes again."

 _Published on Thursday 18 February 2021_.
