```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Roads policing unit tackle dangerously overloaded vehicles during busy day on Wiltshire&#39;s roads - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7078/Roads-policing-unit-tackle-dangerously-overloaded-vehicles-during-busy-day-on-Wiltshire-s-roads
```

**Five vehicles were stopped on Friday (22/01) for being dangerously overloaded on the M4.**

In partnership with the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency, the Roads Policing Unit targeted commercial vehicles at Junction 18 of the M4.

Five vehicles were prohibited (stopped from moving until excess weight is removed and vehicle is made safe) and over £1,000 of fines issued for being dangerously overloaded, with one of the vehicles seized for having no insurance, no tachograph fitted and being overloaded.

Another vehicle towing a 10 tonne trailer was prohibited as the trailer had no brakes and posed a serious risk to road users.

The unit, who dealt with a fatal collision on the A4361 on Friday morning, also conducted high visibility speed checks as part of a Force-wide response to community concerns during this lockdown.

Checks took place in Hook and Royal Wootton Bassett, targeting vehicles known to us for a range of reasons including having no insurance.

Two vehicles were seized for having no insurance, one driver was issued a traffic offence report for using a mobile phone whilst driving and two drivers were given traffic offence reports for speeding.

The roads policing unit also responded to a pedestrian on the M4, multiple minor injury collisions on the A419 and A346 due to the poor road conditions and were involved in a pursuit with an illegal off-road motor cycle. Enquiries are ongoing to locate the rider.

Sgt Will Ayres of the Roads Policing Unit said: "Friday was a highly demanding day for the team.

"The winter months are usually more challenging for us anyway given the weather conditions and it is important that all road users take more care during this time and also ensure their vehicles are roadworthy.

"We saw many road users posing a serious risk to others on Friday from driving vehicles unfit to be on the road to speeding and driving whilst on a mobile phone, two of the fatal four factors that lead to a collision resulting in a fatality or serious injury.

"We will continue to proactively police the roads of Wiltshire to make them safer and remind people that they should only be leaving home for essential journeys during this national lockdown."

 _Published on Tuesday, January 26, 2021_
