```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Man arrested after serious crash with a telegraph pole - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6531/Man-arrested-after-serious-crash-with-a-telegraph-pole
```

**A man has been arrested after colliding with a telegraph pole on Stratford Road which left the road closed for five hours.**

At approximately 6.30pm on Thursday, August 13, a black Vauxhall Astra was reported to have left the road between Stratford Road, Salisbury, and the Woodford Valley and collided with a telegraph pole, which fell in to the middle of the road.

The fire service were called to the scene as the car, which ended in the hedge, caught fire.

The road was closed at Snakey Hill while fire fighters dealt with the blaze and the telegraph pole and cables were made safe.

The 39-year-old male driver was taken to hospital with minor injuries and was arrested for driving unfit through drink or drugs and has been released under investigation while our enquiries are ongoing.

PC Andy Windsor said: "While the aftermath of the crash was dramatic, we are incredibly fortunate that nobody was seriously injured.

"The damage done to the telegraph pole and the resulting fire show just how devastating the driver's actions could have been and the suspect was arrested at the scene.

"We urge people not to take a risk with your life and that of other people by drink or drug driving, it simply isn't worth it."

This stark reminder about the dangers of driving whilst under the influence of drink or drugs is particularly timely as Wiltshire Police is due to launch its summer drink and drug drive campaign next week.

If you suspect a drink driver, call us on 101 or 999 if the crime is in progress and give as much information as possible including description of driver and vehicle and their direction of travel.

You can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

 _Published on Friday, August 14, 2020_
