```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: ANPR - Have Your Say - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7152/ANPR-Have-Your-Say
```

During the next three weeks we will be supporting The National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) to gather feedback around the use of Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) across Wiltshire and Swindon, and we would like your views.

ANPR technology is used by police forces across the UK -including Wiltshire Police to help detect, deter and disrupt criminality, including organised crime groups and terrorists.

The registration plate cameras are governed by strict codes of practice and are most commonly used to alert officers to stolen vehicles, vehicles that have been involved in crime or to help locate missing people. The data they collect can also be used in investigations.

You've probably seen how ANPR works from TV programmes, or you may have used a petrol station or car park which uses the system to keep you safe. Just in case you haven't, we are sharing a short film to show how ANPR Is used. The film shows the use of ANPR in West Midlands Police in locating a missing person. To watch it, click on the link **ANPR Video**.

ANPR is a vital tool to help policing stay one step ahead of criminals and better protect people. Your views play an important part in how we do this. Please can we ask you to complete this anonymous survey to share your feedback. The survey will only take a few minutes of your time.

 **Click here to complete the survey ANPR Survey **
