```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Witness appeal after fatal A338 collision - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7006/Witness-appeal-after-fatal-A338-collision
```

**We're appealing for witnesses after a man died, and two further people were hospitalised, after a two-car collision near Collingbourne Ducis last night (16/12).**

The driver of a Nissan X Trail - a man, from Poole - was taken to Southampton Hospital, with life-threatening injuries, where he sadly later died. Our thoughts are with his family, who are being supported by specially-trained officers, at this time.

A passenger in the same car, a 56-year-old man from Salisbury, was also taken to Southampton Hospital, by air ambulance, after suffering a suspected heart attack at the scene. He remains in hospital.

The driver of a Ford Ranger, a man in his 50s, from Salisbury, was taken to Salisbury District Hospital with minor injuries.

We're appealing for anyone who was in the area, especially those who may have dash cam footage, when the collision happened around 6.15pm on the A338 between Collingbourne Ducis and Collingbourne Kingston, to get in touch.

We believe a driver of a HGV was just ahead of the collision, who may be unaware of the incident that unfolded, and could be a key witness to our investigation.

The road was closed while emergency services attended the scene. It remained closed until 4.30am while collision investigators assessed the scene and the road was made safe and clear of debris.

Anyone who may have witnessed the collision, who hasn't already spoken to police, is asked to call 101 and quote log 218 of yesterday.

 _Published: 17 December 2020_
