```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Man jailed for more than six years for violent assault on two police officers and a police dog - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7007/Man-jailed-for-more-than-six-years-for-violent-assault-on-two-police-officers-and-a-police-dog
```

**A man who violently assaulted two police officers and police dog Elvis has been jailed for more than six years.**

Mark Day, 33, of Moot Close, Downton, appeared at Gloucester Crown Court yesterday (December 16) and was sentenced to six years and six months imprisonment and fined £170.

At an earlier hearing in October, Day, pleaded guilty to the following:

\- Aggravated taking a vehicle without consent
\- Attempted GBH Section 18 on a police officer
\- ABH on a police officer

His jail sentence also covers one charge of threatening another with an offensive weapon and two counts of assaulting an emergency worker, relating to separate incident in Salisbury in April 2019 when Day, wearing a knuckle duster, assaulted two police officers.

When sentencing Day, the Judge also took into consideration an assault on Police Dog Elvis.

On May 1, we received a report that a Land Rover Discovery had been stolen from a farm in Downton. The following day, while officers were on duty in the area, they spotted the vehicle on the A31. The vehicle failed to stop for police and a pursuit was authorised initially by Dorset Police which continued into Wiltshire and lasted a total of 52 minutes.

The vehicle failed to stop for police, and continued at high speed - in some areas driving at more than double the speed limit in some cases around 100mph in a 30mph area - overtaking and undertaking vehicles, putting other road users lives at risk. The vehicle continued into the New Forest where there are wild ponies - officers slowed down and increased the distance between the two vehicles, but noticed the Land Rover struck a pony which was momentarily knocked to the ground.

The police helicopter also assisted providing commentary to officers from the sky.

The vehicle stopped in Stonehenge Road and a man and woman were seen to decamp. At this time, police dog handler Darren Willis and his police dog Elvis arrived on scene. With assistance from officers from Dorset, they located Day and PC Willis commanded PD Elvis to detain him.

At this time, Day used a catapult to fire large metal nuts and stones at officers causing one of them a head injury and PC Willis an injury to his side. PD Elvis continued trying to stop Day but was kicked several times before he too had objects fired at him from such close proximity it was lucky he was not seriously injured.

Day was eventually detained by PD Elvis and arrested - he was found to be a provisional driving licence holder and had been disqualified from driving on two previous occasions. He also has a history of violent assaults, including assaults on officers and a history of carrying weapons.

Dog handler PC Willis said: "The fact that PD Elvis had been struck by items which had the potential to cause him significant harm caused me great concern and distress - fortunately, he was not severely injured nor required veterinary attention. This incident left me feeling upset and angry and questioning how someone could be so cruel and evil towards an animal.

"The items I was struck with could have hit me anywhere on my head causing injuries that would have put me in hospital and potentially finished my career as a police officer which would have been devastating. If PD Elvis had been struck in the head, it doesn't even bare thinking about what could have happened to him - he is my partner in both work and at home and I wouldn't be able to do the job without him."

Pictured: Police Dog Elvis

In a separate victim impact statement, the second officer who was assaulted - a specialist firearms officer - described the assault he suffered. He said: "The pain to my head was unbearable and I was unable to remain on duty. When I arrived home I was greeted by my six year old son who began to cry asking me what had happened. He was inconsolable. The incident also affected my wife who was upset and worried for me. I required the following three days off to recuperate. The items I had been struck with could have hit me in the eye - I do not want to think about the possible injuries this could have caused and the prospect of losing my eye sight and further implications it could have led to for me and my family. If I'd lost my sight I would not be able to continue to perform my role as a firearms officer and would inevitably have had to leave the force."

Chief Constable Kier Pritchard said: "This incident left two of our officers with serious injuries. I have viewed the footage from the helicopter myself and can see that Day was intent on causing injury to these officers and PD Elvis, and whilst in the process of detaining the defendant, a third officer was bitten by the dog as an indirect consequence of Day's actions. The risk of serious injury by all involved was significant. This was a deliberate act which gave no forethought to the potential for serious injury to those officers, or for the wider implications that this may have on my resourcing to keep our communities safe, nor was there any consideration given to the impact this behaviour would likely have on families and colleagues of those involved.

"This case is a prime example of the dangers many of our officers and police dogs face on a daily basis - they put themselves in harm's way to protect our communities and I am extremely proud of the dedication they show to the force. Assaults like this should never be seen as part of their job and I will personally do all that I can to not only support officers who are assaulted while on duty, but also support them through the court process so that justice can be served.

"It is clear from the statements provided to the courts by the officers involved, that the impact reaches further afield than just themselves - these officers are human beings like you and I and many of them return home to families including young children who are often understandably extremely distressed by the news that their parent or loved one has been injured in the course of their duty."

Published at 12.20pm on Thursday 17 December 2020.
