```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Update on Major Incident in Salisbury - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/1740/Update-on-Major-Incident-in-Salisbury
```

Our investigation into the major incident in Salisbury continues.

On Sunday afternoon (4 March 2018), at approximately 4.15pm, Wiltshire Police received a call from a member of the public who was concerned for the welfare of two people.

The two people - a man aged 66, and a 33-year-old woman - were found unconscious on a bench in The Maltings in Salisbury.

Police officers, as well as colleagues from the ambulance and fire services attended the scene and cordons were put in place.

The pair, who we believe are known to each other, did not have any visible injuries and were taken to Salisbury District Hospital. They are currently being treated for suspected exposure to an unknown substance.

Both remain in a critical condition in intensive care. Our thoughts are with their families.

As part of our enquiries, a number of scenes have been secured. These include the Zizzi restaurant on Castle Street and The Bishop's Mill pub in The Maltings. At this time, we cannot confirm how long these cordons will remain in place.

The advice from Public Health England remains that, based on the evidence to date, currently there doesn't appear to be any immediate risk to public health.

We can confirm that a small number of emergency services personnel were assessed immediately after the incident and all but one have been released from hospital.

The public are likely to continue to see an increased police and emergency services presence in the city centre today to provide reassurance.

We continue to work with a range of partner agencies, including Counter Terrorism Policing, Public Health England and Salisbury District Hospital.

We have access to a wide range of specialist resources and services that are helping us to understand what we are or aren't dealing with at this time.

We would continue to appeal to any members of the public who may have information in relation to this incident to contact us immediately via 101 or 999. We would like to reassure members of the public that incidents of this nature are taken extremely seriously.

We would like to take this opportunity to thank members of the public who have assisted us so far and respected the cordons which remain in place.
