```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Open letter of thanks to mutual aid officers - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/2719/Open-letter-of-thanks-to-mutual-aid-officers-
```

**Dear colleagues,**

The events in Salisbury on 4 March were unprecedented, both here in Wiltshire and around the world, and the response required by the police was substantial.

It is something we simply would not have been able to resource on our own and it was vital that, through mutual aid, we were able to call on the support of 40 additional police forces.

In total, we've had 1,230 officers from across the country assisting us with our responsibilities at the cordons in the city.

This support has come quite literally from the length and breadth of England and Wales, from Northumbria to Devon and Cornwall, and Dyfed Powys to Norfolk.

On behalf of everyone here at Wiltshire Police we wanted to express our gratitude and appreciation for all your hard work assisting us and the Counter Terrorism Network.

The city continues to recover from the incident and affected sites are being handed back once any decontamination work has finished.

Many police officers are now being relieved of their duties on the majority of cordons and private security guards will now resource most of the remaining sites moving forward.

It is important that you are now able to return to your home forces and resume business as usual within your communities.

We know that so many of you will have spent substantial time away from home over the past few months, and we want you to know that your dedication has not gone unnoticed.

Not only is this something which we as a police force are incredibly grateful for, but we want you to know the general public feel the same way.

We have both heard so many wonderful stories of police officers being welcomed by the people of Salisbury, with many examples of small acts of kindness shown to those working long hours on the cordons.

Quite simply, the support you have all provided has been exceptional and on behalf of Wiltshire Police we would like to publicly say a big thank you to you all.

 **Kind regards,**

Kier Pritchard

Chief Constable

Angus Macpherson

Police and Crime Commissioner

* * *

 **The full list of police forces which provided officers through mutual aid is:**

Avon and Somerset

Bedfordshire

British Transport Police

Cambridgeshire

Cheshire

City of London

Cleveland

Derbyshire

Devon and Cornwall

Dorset

Durham

Dyfed Powys

Essex

Greater Manchester Police

Gloucestershire

Gwent

Hampshire

Hertfordshire

Kent

Lancashire

Leicestershire

Lincolnshire

Metropolitan Police

Norfolk

North Yorkshire

North Wales

Northamptonshire

Northumbria

Nottinghamshire

South Yorkshire

South Wales

Staffordshire

Suffolk

Surrey

Sussex

Thames Valley

Warwickshire

West Mercia

West Midlands

West Yorkshire
