```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Fifteen month driving ban for drug driver - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7139/Fifteen-month-driving-ban-for-drug-driver
```

**A man has been banned from driving and fined for drug driving in Market Lavington.**

Kieran Broughall, 21, of Wote Street, Basingstoke, pleaded guilty to two counts of driving under the influence of drugs and to possession of cannabis at Swindon Magistrate's Court on Wednesday, February 10.

He was disqualified from driving for 15 months, fined £500 and made to pay a victim support surcharge and costs.

Shortly after 8.30am on 12 January last year, officers stopped a silver Suzuki Swift on the A360.

Officers were given reason to believe the driver was under the influence of drugs and carried out a roadside test.

A search of the vehicle found a bag containing cannabis. Broughall was arrested and taken to Melksham Police Station.

PC Andy Lee of the Roads Policing Unit said: "Drug driving is extremely dangerous and not only puts your own life at risk but the lives of other road users.

"We continue to ensure Wiltshire's roads are a safe place to drive and I hope the driving ban imposed will enable the driver to reflect on his poor decision making.

"We remind drivers to never take the risk of getting behind the wheel of a vehicle after taking drugs."

If you are suspicious of someone drug driving, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description, their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Monday, February 15, 2021_
