```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Witness appeal following disorder in Parks/Walcot area - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7101/Witness-appeal-following-disorder-in-Parks-Walcot-area
```

**We're appealing for witnesses following a disorder in the Parks/Walcot area of Swindon late on Saturday night (30/01) into the early hours of yesterday morning (31/01). **

Between 11pm on Saturday and 1am on Sunday, a group of young males was involved in a disorder which took place as a series of incidents across this area over this time period.

As a result, we arrested six local males yesterday morning:

Two 15-year-old boys on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon.
A 16-year-old boy on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon.
Three 18-year-old men on suspicion of GBH.

All six have now been released on conditional bail.

DI Joe Saunders from Swindon CID said: "We would like to speak to anyone who may have heard or seen anything suspicious in this area of Swindon late on Saturday night into the early hours of Sunday morning.
"This is a large residential part of town, so I believe some local people would have seen or heard something linked to this disorder.
"We also believe there may have been a confrontation between those within this group beforehand. Again, if you have any information around this, please contact us."

You can call us on 101 quoting crime reference number 54210009612. Alternatively, you can report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

 _Published on Monday 1 February 2021. _
