```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Driver stopped for drug driving in Chippenham found with a knife - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7133/Driver-stopped-for-drug-driving-in-Chippenham-found-with-a-knife
```

**A Bristol man has been given a suspended prison sentence and banned from driving for a year after officers in Chippenham found a lock knife in a vehicle they stopped for drug driving.**

Luke Alders, 19, of Kenmare Road, Bristol, pleaded guilty to driving under the influence of drugs, possession of a lock knife, possession of cannabis, driving without a licence and with no insurance and obstructing an officer at Swindon Magistrate's Court on Tuesday, February 9.

The teenager has been disqualified from driving and was handed a six-month prison sentence, suspended for 18 months, for the possession of the knife.

In the early hours of 3 June 2020, officers were on patrol on the A350 travelling north when they stopped a black Vauxhall Corsa on the A4, Chippenham, shortly after the Chequers roundabout.

Officers were given reason to believe the driver, who originally gave a false name, was under the influence of drugs and carried out a roadside test.

A search of the vehicle found a pot containing cannabis in a bag and later a lock knife in the same bag.

Alders, who only held a provisional licence, was arrested and taken to Melksham Police Station and the Corsa was seized.

As well as being disqualified for 12 months, Alders was fined, ordered to undertake 100 hours of unpaid work, ordered to participate in rehabilitation activity requirement and made to pay a surcharge and costs at Swindon Magistrate's Court.

PC Andy Lee of the Roads Policing Unit said: "We can never stress enough the dangers of driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol.

"Drug and drink driving is one of the fatal four reasons that increases the chances of a collision ending in a serious injury or worse, a fatality, and puts innocent road users at unnecessary risk.

"We are fully committed to ensuring our roads are kept safe and urge drivers to never take the risk of getting behind the wheel of a vehicle after taking drugs. We as officers have seen first-hand how disastrous the results can be."

If you are suspicious of someone drug driving, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description, their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 **Published Thursday, February 11, 2021**
