```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Number of COVID19 fines and arrests fall in Wiltshire - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6137/Number-of-COVID19-fines-and-arrests-fall-in-Wiltshire
```

The number of Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs) issued and arrests made for breaches in the COVID19 guidance have fallen over the last week.

Between Monday 4 May - 10 May, the Force recorded:

• 38 incidents linked to COVID19 - compared to 40 the week before

• 16 crimes linked to COVID19 - compared to 12 the week before

• Issued 15 Fixed Penalty Notices - compared to 19 the week before

• Made no arrests linked to breaches in the COVID19 national guidelines - compared to one the week before.

The Force did, however, see a spike in the number of COVID19 related logs being created in the control room. This went from 465 between April 27 - May 3 to 812 the following week.

These figures reflect the situation prior to the change in the Government guidance on May 13.

Chief Constable Kier Pritchard said: "It is pleasing to see that we are issuing fewer FPNs as we continue to focus on engaging with our communities rather than leaping to enforcement.

"Although the increase in the number of COVID19 logs being created appears stark, we were prepared for this to happen due to the bank holiday weekend and VE Day celebrations. Despite this, we didn't have to make any arrests.

"The Government guidance changed on May 13 and we are now able to enjoy more freedom outdoors thanks to our collective efforts so far. We would, however, still urge our communities to act responsibly and within the boundaries of the new guidance.

"I would like to thank the vast majority of our communities here in Wiltshire and Swindon who have continued to adhere to the guidance and help protect lives."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Wiltshire and Swindon Angus Macpherson said: "We all have a role to play in slowing the spread of this virus and I would ask that everyone takes the time to look at the revised guidance to ensure they are continuing to do what is expected.

"These latest figures provide me with reassurance that frontline officers continue to focus on engaging with our communities and that enforcement is a last resort.

"There is now more flexibility afforded to us all when it comes to spending time outdoors and each of us need to take personal responsibility for ensuring we act within the restrictions set out by the Government.

"We should all continue to apply common sense to any decisions we are making and ensure we continue to slow the spread of the virus and save lives."

The latest guidance can be found at www.gov.uk
