```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Man jailed for double murder in Salisbury (sentencing) - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7011/Man-jailed-for-double-murder-in-Salisbury-sentencing-
```

A **Salisbury man has been sentenced to life in prison after murdering his wife and daughter in the city. **

Marcin Zdun, aged 40, was found guilty at Winchester Crown Court yesterday (17/12) of murdering his 40-year-old wife Aneta Zdun and their 18-year-old daughter Nikoleta at their home in Wessex Road, Salisbury on Monday 1 June 2020. Zdun, had been living away from the family home at another address in Salisbury. On the morning of the incident he walked through the city to the house and stabbed both women with a knife. He then attempted to flea the area but was tackled to the ground by workmen working nearby. They held on to him until our officers arrived to detain him.

A murder investigation was launched by the Brunel Major Crime Investigation Team and on the following day he was charged with murder.

Today, (18/12), at Winchester Crown Court, Marcin Zdun was sentenced to serve a minimum of 34-years in prison.

Following the sentencing, Det Supt Darren Hannant said: "Marcin Zdun carried out this awful, vicious, premeditated attack on his wife and daughter in broad daylight in front of witnesses and his two younger daughters.
"I was never in no doubt that this was a deliberate killing of both women and that he was focused on this attack before he arrived at the family home that day.
"Zdun refused to speak about what happed when questioned and at no stage since his arrest shown any remorse for these horrible crimes.
"This is a very unusual and extreme case of domestic abuse for which there were few warning signs. Aneta and Nikoleta were very close and had discussed their concerns about Zdun with each other but there was little knowledge of the abusive relationship outside of the family.
"I'd like to thank the members of the public who immediately came to the help of the two victims and the family during that day, and to the witnesses who helped stop Zdun from leaving the scene. Also, I wish to thank the community for its support of our officers while we carried out our investigation.
"This extreme act of violence being committed on a sunny afternoon in clear view was a really traumatic event for those involved. Many lives have been affected by this terrible crime. Initial attending officers and emergency medical responders were faced with the aftermath of the attack, numerous officers were engaged in detailed enquiries around the Wessex Road area and Specialist Social Workers took over from initial police specialists to deal with the children traumatised by what happened.
"The family have shown great strength and courage since this took place; their focus has been on securing justice for their loved ones but also importantly, the future wellbeing of the two young girls. We hope they can now move forward from this.
"Finally, I must also pay tribute to the professional and compassionate work of the team responsible for presenting a detailed case to allow justice to be served. The team consisted of specialist officers and staff from the Wiltshire Major Crime Investigation Team along with Family Liaison Officers and Crime Scene Investigators from around the county."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Swindon and Wiltshire, Angus Macpherson, said: "This terrible incident understandably caused a huge amount of shock and sadness amongst this local, close community in Salisbury.
"I hope today's sentencing can give the family, friends and neighbours of the two victims some solace and closure in what has been a tragic incident.
"I would like to thank those from the local community for their initial intervention as well those have helped and worked alongside officers and staff with the investigation.
"I would also like to praise the investigation team involved in this case. Although they deal with awful incidents like this regularly, I know that this case has affected some of them on a personal level and I commend them for their dedication and professionalism."

Statement from Bozena Zdun (Aneta's mother/Nikoleta's grandmother): "On behalf of the family, I would like to thank the judiciary, the Police and all those involved in bringing the guilty party to court and ultimately justice.
"This is a huge tragedy. Nobody can bring back Aneta and Nikoleta, but now it will be easier for us to live.
"We are sorry that we can't personally thank everyone who helped in this case for everything they did and the care shown. Maybe someday.
"God bless you.
"You will remain in our hearts forever."

 _Published at 12.50pm on Friday 18 December 2020. _
