```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Member of Wiltshire Police recognised for protecting vulnerable women - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/5476/Member-of-Wiltshire-Police-recognised-for-protecting-vulnerable-women
```

Alvina Kumar was recognised this week and received a Chief Constable's Certificate of Excellence. Alvina was pivotal in securing a civil anti-social behaviour injunction against a man from Swindon to protect five vulnerable women.

It is the first time that such an order has been used in relation to domestic abuse and is another innovative tool we can use to help victims.

Alvina was part of the multi-agency response that worked with Swindon Borough Council to find a new way to help protect these vulnerable women, which did not rely solely on them reporting abuse or supporting police action.

Alvina researched hundreds of police records to prepare a lengthy statement detailing all interaction between the victims and perpetrator, and the occasions the victim had withdrawn support for a case out of fear. She went above and beyond what her normal role entailed and attended court to present evidence as a witness.

The civil order was granted at Swindon Crown Court in March under the Antisocial Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. It meant that the perpetrator was prohibited from contacting four victims or attending the home address of another victim.

The Swindon Borough Council solicitor and members of the Community Safety Partnership were highly complementary of Alvina's involvement in the case.

Alvina's professionalism and dedication to putting the victim at the heart of everything she does is the embodiment of our Force values and something to be immensely proud of. Thank you for your service to the communities of Wiltshire Alvina, well done.

Photographs by Dominic Parkes Photography.

 **Published Friday 20 December 2019.**
