```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: An open letter to those suffering in silence - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7031/An-open-letter-to-those-suffering-in-silence
```

**We know that the thought of being stuck at home with your abuser this Christmas will fill you with dread.**

You may not have the opportunity to seek protection by spending time with your family and friends, but you don't have to suffer in silence this Christmas.

We are here, we are open and we are ready to give you whatever support you need.

We want to help you and are doing lots with other agencies to try to keep you safe.

We think they've probably told you, "It won't happen again", "I'm sorry", "I'll change", and they may have even told you that it's your fault - IT'S NOT.

The violence, threats, degrading comments and controlling behaviour are not the life you need to lead, it can be better.

You are not trapped and you are not alone, we can help you get out, your family and friends can help you get out and Swindon Domestic Abuse Support Service or Splitz can help you get out.

Wiltshire Council and Swindon Borough Council support these important charities and can additionally provide a range of help and advice to help you make the decisions right for you for the future.

Call us, come to the Police station, phone someone, call the Wiltshire helpline 01793 610 610 anytime on Christmas Eve, Christmas Day or Boxing Day an advisor will always answer. Please always call us on 999 in an emergency.

Domestic abuse is genderless and ageless. It can happen to anyone regardless of their relationship status, sexuality, job or ethnicity.

It can happen in family relationships as well as romantic ones.

We are here, we are waiting and we can help. You are not alone.

 _Published on Wednesday, December 23, 2020_
