```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Two arrested after delivery van of parcels stolen - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7028/Two-arrested-after-delivery-van-of-parcels-stolen
```

**Two men have been arrested after a van carrying hundreds of Amazon parcels was stolen in Bradford-on-Avon yesterday (22/12).**

We were called at around 12.40pm to a report of the theft of a white van from Junction Road.

Officers from the Bradford on Avon Neighbourhood Policing Team and Trowbridge Response Team responded and were able to locate the vehicle on a country lane between Farleigh Hungerford and Lower Westwood with all the parcels still in the vehicle.

A 32-year-old man and a 36-year-old man were found in nearby fields and were both arrested on suspicion of theft from a vehicle, with the latter also arrested on suspicion of driving without a licence and insurance. Both have been questioned and released pending further enquiries.

PC Louis Bowden of the Bradford-on-Avon Neighbourhood Policing Team said: "In these difficult times it's great to be able to relay news of such a positive result.

"This crime, if successful, would have had a huge impact on our local community and beyond and its testament to the partnership of all department's involved that we were able to bring this incident to such a swift conclusion.

"This is a fine example of the cohesion between the neighbourhood and response policing teams.

"A co-ordinated and rapid reaction incorporating both local knowledge and response capabilities played a huge part in the arrests and the recovery of the parcels.

"We are delighted to have played our part in ensuring these parcels get delivered to the right homes in time for Christmas."

Enquiries were conducted expeditiously and we were able to release the van back to the driver to continue their important work during this festive season.

 _Published on Wednesday, December 23, 2020_
