```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Thousands of pounds located as well as class B drugs following vehicle stop during routine patrol in North Swindon - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6511/Thousands-of-pounds-located-as-well-as-class-B-drugs-following-vehicle-stop-during-routine-patrol-in-North-Swindon
```

A man has been arrested on suspicion of drug offences and money laundering following a vehicle stop in North Swindon which led to thousands of pounds being located.

Officers were on patrol in the Westfield Way area on August 10 when they spotted a BMW being driven erratically.

The officers stopped the vehicle on Torun Way and noticed a strong smell of cannabis coming from inside. The driver was detained for a Section 23 Misuse of Drugs search to be carried out.

Various bags of cannabis were located inside the vehicle as well as approximately £500 in cash.

A further search at an address in Redhouse was also carried out and approximately £10,500 in cash was located as well as a further quantity of cannabis.

A man in his 20s from Swindon was arrested on suspicion of driving a vehicle whilst unfit through drugs, possession with intent to supply class B drugs and money laundering.

He was taken to Gablecross custody for further questioning and has since been released under investigation while further enquiries are carried out.

Neighbourhood officer for North Swindon, PC Sean Williams, who conducted the vehicle stop, said: "This was a significant stop for us whilst out on routine patrol yesterday - we've seized a large quantity of cash and class B drugs which was no doubt destined for the streets of Swindon. Further enquiries will now be conducted. I'd urge anyone who suspects drug activity in their neighbourhood to report concerns - help us by acting as our eyes and ears, so we can take action."
