```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Driver caught at nearly double the speed limit in Swindon banned - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7161/Driver-caught-at-nearly-double-the-speed-limit-in-Swindon-banned
```

**A Swindon man has been banned from driving for three years and fined after being stopped for speeding.**

Lee Black, 31, of Cagney Drive, Abbey Meads, Swindon, pleaded guilty to exceeding a 30mph speed limit and failing to provide a specimen for analysis at Swindon Magistrate's Court on Wednesday (17/02).

He was disqualified from driving for 36 months, fined £500 and ordered to pay costs and a victim surcharge.

Shortly before 11pm on Sunday 25 October last year, a BMW 118 was seen driving on Great Western Way, which has a 30mph speed limit, travelling towards the Bruce Street Bridges roundabout at 59mph.

The vehicle was stopped on North Star Avenue and Black was arrested and taken to Gablecross Police Station while the car was seized.

At the station, Black failed to complete the intoxilyser procedure, providing insufficient samples.

The disqualification will be reduced by 274 days if Black completes a driving course as instructed by the court.

PC Jasmin Windsor-Hichens said: "This driver put lives at unnecessary risk but going nearly twice the speed limit and showed a disregard for the law by failing to provide a sample when asked to do so.

"There is no cheating the system and failure to provide a specimen is taken very seriously by the courts.

"Our message is simple, speeding and drink driving increase the likelihood of a road traffic collisions which could result in serious injury or death. There is never an excuse."

If you are suspicious of someone driving dangerously or under the influence of alcohol, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description and their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Friday, February 2, 2021_
