```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Christmas Drink/drug driving campaign launches - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/5368/Christmas-Drink-drug-driving-campaign-launches
```

Wiltshire Police is supporting the National Police Chiefs Council Drink Drug Drive campaign that launches this week and runs through to January.

Inspector Mark Freeman, of Specialist Operations, said: "Since 2015 we have had the ability to make roadside checks for suspected drug drivers as well as those who risk drinking and driving. The drug wipe test equipment makes it far easier to detect those who have taken drugs without the need to return to custody. It is a simple test that just takes minutes.

During 2018, 5535 drivers were breathalysed by Wiltshire Police on suspicion of drink driving and 371 on suspicion of drug driving. 1034 of these drivers are now having to face the reality of their decision to risk driving under the influence of drink or drugs and have lost their licences and been fined. There is no excuse."

Wiltshire Police will raise awareness of the dangers of taking drugs or drinking alcohol through social media activity and a number of roadshows in town centres. The first was held last on Saturday 7 December and two more will follow:

 * Wednesday 11 December, 10am - 2pm, Marlborough, High Street

 * Friday 13 December, 10am - 2pm, Warminster, Market Place outside the library

Assistant Chief Constable, Maggie Blyth, said: "Drink or drug driving is a very serious offence by people who make such a senseless life choice that they put innocent lives in danger as well as their own. We wish to ensure that we do all we can to help keep Wiltshire roads safe and we will be making extra effort to catch those who decide to drink and/or drug drive.

We don't wish to be killjoys but neither do we wish for anyone to be killed by irresponsible drink or drug drivers. If you are going out to celebrate plan how to get home safely in advance."

The Police and Crime Commissioner for Wiltshire and Swindon, Angus Macpherson, said: "I fully support Wiltshire Police in its determination not to tolerate motorists who take the risk of driving while unfit through drink or drugs.

"The message is that anyone who thinks of getting behind the wheel while under the influence of alcohol or drugs will run the terrible risk of endangering pedestrians, cyclists other drivers, their passengers and themselves, at what should be a time of peace and goodwill. It is simply not worth the risk."

Anyone wishing to report an incident of drug/drink driving should call Wiltshire Police on 101 and select the option for the Drink Drive Hotline.

In an emergency, dial 999.
