```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Wiltshire Police to support national speed operation - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6140/Wiltshire-Police-to-support-national-speed-operation
```

Wiltshire Police will be targeting speeding drivers as part of a two-week national enforcement campaign starting on Monday.

Officers will be speaking with drivers during the campaign; aiming to highlight the dangers of speeding and informing drivers of the risks and consequences that driving above the limit can have through education and enforcement.

The National Police Chief' Council campaign, which runs from Monday 18 May until Sunday 7 June will see a visible presence of officers on the roads in order to monitor and positively influence driver behaviour.

Inspector Mark Freeman, from the Road Policing Team, said: "Campaigns like this help us to educate drivers on the issues and consequences around speeding and enforce the laws. Over recent weeks we have been conducting regular speed checks following concerns from members of the public that some drivers may be taking advantage of quieter roads during lockdown and our aim is stop this behaviour.

"This campaign will raise awareness of the dangers of speeding to themselves and others - especially the increasing numbers of cyclists and runners that are taking the opportunity to use the quieter roads. Speeding is included as one of the 'fatal four' offences which makes you more likely to be killed or injured in a collision. The other offences include drink-driving, driving whilst using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt. Those who ignore the dangers of speeding pose a risk to themselves as well as other road users.

"Speed limits are implemented for a reason and drivers must ensure that they obey these limits in order to prevent any road related incidents."

Deputy Wiltshire Police and Crime Commissioner, Jerry Herbert, said: "I fully support this increased enforcement by the Wiltshire Police to keep our roads safe.

"During the first phase of the COVID19 lockdown, Community Policing Teams and the Roads Policing Unit have also been carrying out pro-active enforcement within the CPT areas and on the strategic main routes in the county. Although these speed checks have shown us that the majority of motorists are driving safely and responsibly, feedback from the public showed us that this is something they are concerned about and this proactive work provides reassurance for our communities and a deterrent to those who may be tempted to drive dangerously. The national campaign is a timely intervention that will continue the good work already undertaken in Swindon and Wiltshire.

"Our roads policing officers do a great job highlighting the dangers of the 'Fatal Four' which are speeding, drink/drug driving, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt while driving. It is regrettable that it is necessary to repeat the message time and time again that speed kills. There is still a minority of irresponsible and very selfish drivers clearly refusing to listen and act on the message."

Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a Traffic Offence Report and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action.

You can report non-urgent matters on the Wiltshire Police website or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
