```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Lengthy ban for driver nearly four times over drink drive limit - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7154/Lengthy-ban-for-driver-nearly-four-times-over-drink-drive-limit
```

**A man has been banned from driving for more than two years after being stopped nearly four times over the drink drive limit in Salisbury.**

Russell McBride, 40, of Silver Street, Wilton, pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level was above the limit at an earlier hearing at Salisbury Magistrate's Court.

On Friday 12 February, he was disqualified from driving for 29 months, given a community order to undertake rehabilitation activity requirement and 150 hours unpaid work and made to pay a victim support surcharge and costs.

Shortly after 11.00pm on 8 August last year, a member of the public reported a vehicle swerving all over the road before it came to a stop in the carriageway of the A36 and the driver got out and walked away.

McBride was stopped by officers shortly after the call walking on Wilton Road where he claimed the vehicle had broken down.

The driver failed a roadside breathalyser and was arrested and taken to Melksham Police Station where he provided a reading 3.8 times the legal limit.

The disqualification will be reduced by 220 days if McBride completes a driving course.

PC Michael Tryhorn of the Roads Policing Unit said: "Firstly I would like to thank the member of public who spotted this driving and called us immediately.

"We rely on community intelligence and strongly encourage anyone who sees driving that they believe to be erratic to contact us.

"Drink driving is incredibly reckless and McBride put his life and the lives of others at risk that night by getting behind the wheel of a vehicle with that level of alcohol in his system.

"We can never stress enough the dangers of drink driving and there is never an excuse to drive whilst under the influence of alcohol."

If you are suspicious of someone drink driving, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description, their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Wednesday, February 17, 2021_
