```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Two teenagers arrested after three break-ins at Salisbury school - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6955/Two-teenagers-arrested-after-three-break-ins-at-Salisbury-school
```

**Two teenagers have been arrested after break-ins at a Salisbury school three nights running.**

On both Sunday and Monday nights this week (29/11 and 30/11) the alarms at Leehurst Swan School, in Campbell Road, were activated and low-level criminal damage and theft was discovered.

Last night (01/12) at around 6.30pm members of staff heard noise on the roof and found that the CCTV cameras had been moved, but footage showed two suspects who failed to gain entry to the building and then left the scene.

Officers carried out a search of the area and located one teenager, before arresting a second at his home address in the city.

Two local 14-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of burglary. One of them has also been arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis.

They have been questioned and released on conditional bail while we carry out further enquiries.

PC Rachel Gunn, from the Salisbury Area Community Policing Team, said: "This was a fantastic piece of policing, with officers arresting the first suspect within 15 minutes of receiving the call from the school.

"The activity at the school over the past few days has caused a great deal of disruption and frustration for the staff and pupils there, and I am pleased that we have managed to arrest two suspects so quickly."

Any witnesses to any of the three incidents should call Wiltshire Police on 101, quoting reference 54200119489. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Publihsed at 9.25am on Wednesday 2 December 2020.
