```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Courage and dedication celebrated at latest police awards ceremony - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/5455/Courage-and-dedication-celebrated-at-latest-police-awards-ceremony
```

**Photographs by Dominic Parkes Photography**

 A celebration of courage, dedication and public service from police officers, staff, volunteers and members of the public took place at last night's Wiltshire Police awards ceremony.

More than 100 guests attended the event, which saw recipients from across the force and the county take to the stage to receive their awards.

 Chief Constable Kier Pritchard opened the ceremony. He said: "Last night's celebrations cemented in my mind just how proud I am of every officer, member of police staff, volunteer and member of the public who stepped on to that stage.

"Now, more than ever, there is a need for us to have an even stronger, more visible presence, in our communities and to ensure those links and relationships are strengthened in the face of adversity.

"Every person who accepted an award last night has made such a valuable contribution and, more importantly, a difference to our communities.

"We heard some truly fine examples of policing work, those who went above and beyond in their civic duty as well as stories of extreme bravery from members of the public who, without thought for their own safety, went to help others in need.

"The courage and selflessness needed to run in to a situation where the outcome could go either way is one of the core values I admire the most. We are all extremely grateful to our latest force award recipients."

The range of Awards presented included Long Service and Good Conduct, Chief Constable's Commendations, Chief Constable's Certificates of Excellence, Outstanding Teamwork Awards, Certificates of Recognition for Members of the Public and Excellence in Partnership working.

The evening also saw the presentation of the annual Dan Cooper Memorial Award, and the introduction of the Police and Crime Commissioners annual awards Volunteer of the Year and Special Constable of the Year.

 The ceremony was overseen by the Master of Ceremonies, Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills assisted by Assistant Chief Constables Mark Cooper and Maggie Blyth.

Guests included Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson, Lord Lieutenant of Wiltshire Sarah Troughton and Wiltshire High Sheriff David Scott.

 Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson said: "Without the bravery and courage shown by all those recognised last night, our county would be a poorer place to live and work.

"Wiltshire's police officers, staff and volunteers chose to join Wiltshire Police because they had a sense of duty and wanted to help, to serve, and to make the community they live, and work in, a better place. We have also have valiant members of the public who go above and beyond to make a difference."

"That sense of duty, that commitment to their roles from each and every one is what makes me so proud of you, of this Force and of our community.

"Every single person who works, or volunteers, for Wiltshire Police is an important and vital cog in the machinery that makes this Force work - and keep on working day after day after day.

"There is a famous saying: 'Volunteers don't necessarily have the time... They just have the heart.' Well, I think every one of those recognised last night have all shown that 'heart' in huge abundance."
