```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Statement from key partners regarding third national lockdown - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7049/Statement-from-key-partners-regarding-third-national-lockdown
```

**Our communities in Wiltshire and Swindon are being urged to continue adhering to the COVID19 restrictions during the current national lockdown.**

Due to the announcement of a third period of national restrictions amid rising COVID19 infection rates in the county, a major incident has been declared by the Wiltshire and Swindon Local Resilience Forum (LRF).

The declaration of a major incident simply ensures that all partner agencies - including local authorities, police, ambulance service, fire and local NHS services - can work more effectively and efficiently together when facing a likely rise in demand.

The relationships between agencies within the partnership have never been stronger due to the challenging nature of the last few years in the county.

The public should be reassured that each agency is doing everything they can to protect the most vulnerable in our society and help stop the spread of the virus.

Chair of the LRF, Wiltshire Police Chief Constable Kier Pritchard said: "There is no escaping the fact that the last ten months or so have been incredibly difficult for everyone and we now find ourselves in another period of national lockdown.

"We have developed outstanding relationships between our key partner agencies in the county and we all continue to support one another each day with one simple aim; to do all we can to protect our communities.

"Whether this is, for example, through my police officers engaging with the public to ensure they understand the current rules, council staff working tirelessly to support those most vulnerable in our community or our colleagues within the NHS who continue to do an incredible job caring for us all.

"I know that we are all feeling overwhelmed with information and fatigued by the restrictions which continue to limit what we can and cannot do - but we all must remember that our actions can have a real impact in ending this pandemic.

"The Government and scientists have been clear - we must all stay home, protect the NHS and save lives."

For the latest information, please visit www.gov.uk/coronavirus

For more information about the Wiltshire and Swindon Local Resilience Forum, please visit www.wiltshireandswindonprepared.org.uk
