```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Nine fined for Swindon house party as Wiltshire Police issues another 54 FPNs over past week - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7138/Nine-fined-for-Swindon-house-party-as-Wiltshire-Police-issues-another-54-FPNs-over-past-week
```

**Nine people have been issued with fines after officers were called to a 30th birthday party in Swindon over the weekend.**

We received a call on Saturday night (13/02) reporting a gathering taking place at a property in Rutland Road, Park North.

When we arrived we found loud music playing, disco lights, and a buffet which included food, a birthday cake and alcohol.

Seven men and two women, all aged between 23 and 35, were given £200 fixed penalty notices.

The majority were from Swindon, but two had travelled from the Nottingham area to attend the party.

The latest figures show that between 08/02 and 14/02 Wiltshire Police:

• Issued 54 fixed penalty notices. This brings the overall total to 571 (this will include FPNs issued retrospectively).
• Issued 69 formal warnings to people for failing to adhere to the Government rules.
• Recorded 197 reports from members of the public, either via the phone or using our online reporting tool.
• Recorded eight Covid-related crimes and 28 Covid-related incidents.

Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills said this was now the third week running that we had issued more than 50 fixed penalty notices, which highlighted that there were still a significant group of people who were ignoring the Government's lockdown rules.

He said: "It is incredibly disappointing that people are still choosing to the flout the rules in this way, showing a complete disregard for the ongoing pandemic and the sacrifices that so many people are making every day to help keep others safe.

"There is no excuse - we all know the rules and the reasons why they are in place.

"These types of gatherings and parties pose a risk to public health and undermine the efforts of the vast majority who continue to do their bit to stop the spread of Covid-19."

Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson added: "I applaud the efforts of all our police officers and staff who continue to be out in our communities, protecting the public and tackling crime.

"They are putting themselves at risk and it is unacceptable that, on top of their usual duties, they are having to deal with so many instances of people breaching lockdown.

"Not only does it take police time and resources away from other matters, but it puts those officers and staff at increased risk of catching Covid-19."

Published at 1pm on Monday 15 February 2021.
