```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Officers target serious and organised crime in East Swindon - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7169/Officers-target-serious-and-organised-crime-in-East-Swindon
```

**A series of police raids on properties in East Swindon has led to six arrests following our ongoing attempts to tackle serious and organised crime in and around Eldene.**

Yesterday (24/02) and today (25/02), officers carried out a total of six warrants under the banner Op Theseus which led to the arrest of five males and one woman.

Yesterday, three addresses in the Eldene and Stratton area were searched and a quantity of Class A and B drugs were found.

Two local males, aged 16 and 17, were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A & B drugs - they have now been released under investigation.

Today, warrants were served on three other addresses in the Dorcan, Liden and Eldene areas; in total three local men, aged 18, 20 and 22, and one local woman, aged 22, were arrested on suspicion of drug dealing*. They are all currently at Gablecross Police Station.

As a result of today's warrants the following was also seized:

- A quantity of Class A drugs (believed to be cocaine)
\- Approx £50K of cannabis
\- £500 in cash
\- Three scrambler motorbikes and one mini-moto bike

Sgt James Rodrigues, who led the operation, said: "Our two days of activity have not only led to a number of significant arrests but we have also managed to seize a large quantity of Class A and B drugs and cash, which would otherwise have had a major impact on communities had they reached our streets, and the hands of vulnerable drug users.

"Those targeted will often exploit the young and vulnerable as they attempt to expand their group of members - this will not be tolerated.

 "We recognise that there is a significant amount of crime and anti-social behaviour that goes hand in hand with drug dealing. Hopefully these warrants provide reassurance to local people that these crime groups are not welcome in Swindon, and we will put all resources available into tackling and disrupting serious and organised crime.

"However, we cannot do this alone and need the help of people in these areas to give us the information we need to stop these gangs. Much of our intelligence comes from the local community who can help be our eyes and ears on criminal activity.

"We will also continue to work alongside our partners to deal with these people and put an end to gang crime in Eldene as well as the rest of Swindon."

Supt Phil Staynings added: "The last two days is all part of our ongoing proactive activity to disrupt these criminal groups which ultimately will have a positive impact on our communities.

"We know local people will have concerns and worries about drug dealing and we hope this shows that we are committed to tackling this activity. Not only do drugs cause misery for so many people, but the wider criminality linked to drug dealing, which often includes violence and intimidation, can have a huge impact on our communities.

"Serious and organised crime continues within our county and organised crime groups continue to operate, despite the current lockdown restrictions in place. It remains a Force priority for us, reflected by the work not only carried out yesterday and today but everyday.

"This work falls under Project Optimise which covers the tackling of serious and organised crime in Swindon and Wiltshire."

To report suspected drug activity or criminality in your neighbourhood, call 101 or 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, you can report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

You can find more information about how you can report suspicious activity where you live by going to this page.

 _Published on Thursday 25 February 2021. _
