```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Witness appeal after stolen quad bike recovered - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7046/Witness-appeal-after-stolen-quad-bike-recovered
```

**We're appealing for witnesses and the rightful owner of a quad bike, recently recovered by us, to come forward. **

At approximately 4pm on Monday 4 January, one of our officers was following what was believed to be a stolen quad bike along the A3026 which leads from Tidworth to Wellington Academy Secondary School, Ludgershall.

The bike then turned off into Eden Road and onto the un-named track leading up to Sweet Apple Farm.

The rider then de-camped and ran off into the small copse at the end of Eden Road and would've headed in the direction of the A338 along the tank track.

He was not wearing a helmet and was dressed in dark trousers and a navy anorak with the hood pulled up. He was approximately 5ft 10ins tall and of very slim build.

The quad bike wasn't displaying any registration plates and is black in colour.

PC Sharon Duggan said: "We'd like to speak with anyone who may have been in the area at this time and has dashcam footage from either direction to or away from Wellington Academy towards Tidworth. Also, if any members of the public in the Eden Road area had any sightings of this person please come forward.
"Whilst we are pleased to have removed an illegal vehicle from the roads we are keen to reunite the quad bike with it's rightful owner and would appreciate anyone with any information to contact us."

You can call us on 101 quoting crime reference number 54210000793. Alternatively, you can report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

 _Published on Thursday 7 January 2021. _
