```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Driver handed three-year ban for drink driving in Tidworth - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7155/Driver-handed-three-year-ban-for-drink-driving-in-Tidworth
```

**A man has been banned from driving for three years and fined after being stopped for drink driving in Tidworth.**

Jason Tilling, 32, of Normandy Road, Tidworth, pleaded guilty to driving a motor vehicle when on a road whilst over the prescribed alcohol limit at Salisbury Magistrate's Court on Friday 12 February. He was disqualified from driving for 36 months and fined £730.

At 12.45am on 28 November last year, the manner of the driving of a Vauxhall Insignia gave officers reason to stop the vehicle on Normandy Road.

The driver, Tilling, failed a roadside breathalyser and was arrested and taken to Melksham Police Station where he provided a reading nearly 3 times the legal limit.

The disqualification will be reduced by 274 days if Tilling completes a driving course as instructed by the court.

PC Webster of the Amesbury Community Policing Team said: "I hope the length of this ban acts as a deterrent to anyone who thinks about getting behind the wheel of a vehicle under the influence of alcohol."

"Being caught behind the wheel of a vehicle over the drink drive limit can have a detrimental impact on your life, as this driver has discovered."

"Not to mention the risk you are putting other road users at. It is fortunate he was spotted by officers when he was as the result of his actions could have been far more serious."

If you are suspicious of someone drink driving, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description and their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Thursday, February 18, 2021_
