```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Tributes to serving police dog who died following lengthy illness - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7181/Tributes-to-serving-police-dog-who-died-following-lengthy-illness
```

**Tributes have been paid to one of our serving police dogs who sadly died at the weekend following a lengthy illness.**

Police Dog Chiko, a seven-year-old German Shepherd, joined Wiltshire Police in January 2015 as a general purpose police dog.

However, over the past few years he had suffered with bowel conditions and last summer was diagnosed with a chronic progressive inflammatory disease.

Thanks to specialist medical support and careful handling, he was able to continue doing the police work he loved and there was a plan in place for him to retire this June.

Unfortunately his condition deteriorated and he sadly died at the weekend.

His handler PC Sam Dutton (pictured above with PD Chiko) paid tribute to his service and his love of police work.

She said: "PD Chiko was a huge part of the police family and our own family.

"He had some health issues which Wiltshire Police fully supported him in and gave him the best possible chance of recovery. But, unfortunately he was no longer responding to medication.

"Chiko was a dog who loved to work. He went peacefully, with his handler and partner by his side.

"He will leave a huge gap in our lives but will never be forgotten. I would like everyone to celebrate his life and thank him for his service."

Published at 11.55am on Tuesday 2 March 2021.
