```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Traffic stop operation put in place as part of annual Christmas awareness campaign - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6997/Traffic-stop-operation-put-in-place-as-part-of-annual-Christmas-awareness-campaign
```

Officers from our South Central Community Policing Team conducted a number of traffic stops at strategic locations around Swindon town centre to target speeding and drink/drug driving over the weekend.

The operation was launched as part of our annual Christmas awareness campaign which will be running throughout December.

They were supported by officers from the Special Constabulary Road Safety Unit and Roads Policing Unit. During the course of the operation we issued 10 tickets for speeding and insurance offences and removed one vehicle from the road for not being taxed.

PC Ed Rogers explained that the neighbourhood teams will continue to conduct these high visibility spot checks over Christmas and into the new year.

He said: "We are responding to complaints from residents received in relation to an increase in irresponsible driving practices during lockdown and to deter those who might consider drink/drug driving as an option over the festive period. We want everyone to stay safe. Drink driving ruins lives - please don't take the risk."

The safest option is to not drink at all or plan your night out so you can get home safely without having to drive.

To report a drink driver, this is someone who is currently in a car or someone who is about to drive call 999. If you know someone who regularly drink drives, please call 101 and let us know. You could save a life.

 _Published on 14 December_
