```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Family disturbed burglar after returning from celebrating Christmas with relatives - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7037/Family-disturbed-burglar-after-returning-from-celebrating-Christmas-with-relatives
```

We are appealing for information after a family discovered a burglar in their Trowbridge home after returning from spending Christmas Day with relatives.

At about 1.30am in the early hours of Boxing Day, the returning family heard a noise from one of the bedrooms of their flat in Dursley Road where they surprised a man rummaging through drawers.

The man ran past, shouting that he had a knife, before escaping through a living room window.

He left a large kitchen knife behind.

It was found that a number of valuable items of property had been stolen, including various electronic devices.

Acting Detective Sergeant Simon Rogers of Central CID said: "This is a very serious incident and the family are lucky that nobody was hurt.

"This was understandably extremely distressing for the young family. The suspect showed a complete disregard for their safety and their property on Christmas Day when they were supposed to be celebrating.

"I would invite the public to put themselves in that family's situation, if anybody has any information about the suspect, burglary or the property taken please call us to assist with our investigation."

Wiltshire Police have arrested a man in relation with this offence and would like to appeal to the public for information. If anybody has any information about this burglary or the property stolen please contact 101 and quote reference number 54200127366.
