```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Do you recognise man who exposed himself to mother and young children? - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6544/Do-you-recognise-man-who-exposed-himself-to-mother-and-young-children-
```

**We would like to hear from anyone who may recognise the man matching this E-Fit who indecently exposed himself to a mother on a walk with her young son and niece.**

Shortly before noon on Tuesday 21 July, the victim had visited Costa Coffee by Dobbies Garden Centre off Hyde Road in Swindon before crossing the road and walking along the cycle path adjacent to Bramwell Close.

She was approached by a man who exposed his penis and made offensive comments before pulling up his shorts and walking away along the cycle path towards Penhill.

The woman was able to usher the children away while obstructing their view but was left highly upset by the experience.

He is described as being a white man in his 20s and over 6ft tall. He has brown bushy hair and was wearing square framed glasses. He was wearing a blue short sleeved polo top with a white collar and knee length green/brown khaki shorts.

A Wiltshire Police spokesman said: "This was clearly a distressing incident and we are appealing for the public's help in helping identify the man responsible. Although the offence took place some weeks ago, it is possible that this picture may jog someone's memory. We are keen to hear from anyone who can help."

Anyone able to help should call Wiltshire Police on 101 quoting crime reference number: 54200071773.

 _Published on 18/08/2020_
