```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Driver banned for three years for drug driving in Swindon - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7160/Driver-banned-for-three-years-for-drug-driving-in-Swindon
```

**A Swindon man has been disqualified for three years and fined after being stopped for drug driving.**

Craig Deyager, 35, of Affleck Close, Toothill, Swindon, pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle under the influence of drugs and possession of cannabis.

He was disqualified from driving for 36 months, fined £120 and ordered to pay costs and a victim surcharge at Swindon Magistrate's Court on Wednesday 10 February.

At approximately 11.15pm on 3 June last year, a Skoda Fabia was seen driving from Cricklade Road, Swindon, to Stokesay Drive and the manner of driving gave officers reason to stop the vehicle.

A drug swipe was taken and returned positive and Deyager was arrested. A search then found a small amount of cannabis in the pocket of Deyager's trousers before he was taken to Gablecross Police Station.

PC Luke Hobbs of the Roads Policing Unit said: "Driving under the influence of drugs impairs your vision and slows your reaction time.

"As a result, you are more likely to be involved in a collision and that collision leading to serious injury or a fatality.

"Deyager got behind the wheel of a car that evening knowing he was impaired by drugs and in doing so put lives unnecessarily at risk and we are pleased with the lengthy ban imposed."

If you are suspicious of someone driving under the influence of drugs, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description and their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Friday, February 19, 2021_
