```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Drug driver three times over the limit banned for 18 months - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7142/Drug-driver-three-times-over-the-limit-banned-for-18-months
```

**A Devizes man has been disqualified and fined for drug driving in Everleigh.**

Harvey Brake, 29, of Keepers Road, Devizes, pleaded guilty to driving under the influence of drugs at Salisbury Magistrate's Court on Friday (12/02).

He was disqualified from driving for 18 months and fined £448.

At around 4.45pm on 17 July last year, officers stopped a grey BMW M3 on the A342.

Officers were given reason to believe the driver was under the influence of drugs and carried out a roadside test. Brake was arrested and taken to Melksham Police Station.

PC Alex Way said: "Brake was seen driving through Everleigh by officers and gave them reason to stop him.

"He was found to be driving whilst three times over the specified limit of cannabis.

"Drug driving is one of the fatal four reasons for increasing the chances of a road traffic collision resulting in serious injury or a fatality.

"It is reckless to get behind the wheel under the influence of drugs and we hope this lengthy ban will act as a reminder and a deterrent."

If you are suspicious of someone drug driving, then please call 101 and give as much information as possible, including the driver's details or description, their car registration.

If you believe that a crime is being committed and somebody is already behind the wheel then please call 999.

 _Published on Tuesday, February 16, 2021_
