```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Several vehicles seized following roads policing operation - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7060/Several-vehicles-seized-following-roads-policing-operation
```

**We were out and about in South Wiltshire yesterday (14/01) and stopped more than 25 drivers, several of whom were caught breaking the law.**

Officers from the Specialist Operations Road Policing Unit and Armed Response Group were operating in and around Salisbury targeting vehicles using ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) technology.

*10 vehicles were stopped - five of those drivers were reported for having no insurance with an additional driver reported for having no driving licence nor insurance. Due to the offences these vehicles were immediately seized.

*One vehicle was stopped with suspected cloned plates, but following a chat with the driver it was established all was in order.

Other vehicle stops were conducted and traffic offence reports issued for road safety related matters, including:

*a vehicle with defective tyres
*a driver caught going through a red light
*a driver using a mobile phone whilst driving

Officers also assisted in finding and seizing a camper van, parked up, which had been reported stolen.

Sgt Will Ayres, from the Roads Policing Unit said: "Despite the national lockdown there were still lots of vehicles driving around the city and many were drawing our attention through use of ANPR technology.
"We, as a Specialist Operations Unit, will continue to target criminality on the roads, support the Community Policing Teams and deal with any offences which increase the risk and danger to all who use our roads.
"To take six uninsured drivers off the roads of Salisbury has reduced the risk of harm to other road users and sends a clear message that you need to have a valid licence and insurance to be on the roads of Wiltshire."

 _Published on Friday 15 January 2021. _
