```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Man arrested after woman falls from Salisbury window and suffers serious injuries - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6998/Man-arrested-after-woman-falls-from-Salisbury-window-and-suffers-serious-injuries
```

**A man has been arrested after a woman fell from a window in Salisbury and suffered serious injuries.**

The victim, a woman in her 30s, remains in hospital with arm and facial injuries following the incident in Catherine Street yesterday afternoon (13/12).

Emergency services were called to the address at around 3.45pm due to concerns about an injured woman, who had fallen from a second-storey window onto a roof overlooking Brown Street car park.

A 31-year-old local man has been arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and is currently in custody at Melksham Police Station.

Detective Sergeant Jayne Wilby, from Salisbury CID, said: "Thankfully, although the woman's injuries are serious, her condition is not deemed to be life-threatening and she is currently stable.

"However, this incident happened in the middle of the afternoon and although we have carried out door-to-door enquiries with residents living in the block of flats, we want to issue an appeal for anyone else with information to come forward.

"If you can help in any way please call us."

Anyone with information is asked to call Salisbury CID on 101, quoting crime reference 54200123397. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Published at 2.55pm on Monday 14 December 2020.
