```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Dedication and hard work celebrated with long service awards - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/5495/Dedication-and-hard-work-celebrated-with-long-service-awards-
```

The Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal was instituted under Royal Warrant by King George VI in June 1951 and is awarded as a mark of the Sovereign's appreciation of long and meritorious service rendered by members of the police forces of the United Kingdom. The long service awards, which mark 20 years in policing, were presented by Lord Lieutenant Mrs Sarah Troughton at our Wiltshire Police award ceremony. You can read the career stories of some of the Long Service Award recipients below:

 **Police Staff**

 **Phillip Webster**

Phillip spent his first three years within the Fingerprint Lab. During this time he was fully trained, as a Scenes of Crime Officer (SOCO), as well as a Fingerprint technician and received a distinction from the University of Durham for a Diploma in Crime Scene Examination. Phillip assisted in the development of ground-breaking digital fingerprint imaging systems (we were still using wet film in these days) and digital image enhancements for use in court - this work ended up on Tomorrow's World and gained worldwide attention. Phillip also pioneered the development and use of Luminol (blood visualisation) techniques within the UK and subsequently used them at several murder scenes, a first in the UK. He wrote guidelines for its use within Wiltshire Police. Phillip has spent the last 14 years within CSI at Melksham and as a SOCO, now known as Crime Scene Investigors (CSIs), and was promoted to Regional CSI Team Leader in 2016 and works within the South West Forensics Collaboration.

 **Police Officers**

 **Police Constable Christopher Maundrell**

PC Chris Maundrell joined Wiltshire Police following his initial training in Wales - notching up an impressive 22 years. After working in Swindon for four years, including an attachment with the burglary squad, Chris then joined officers at Devizes Borough Police Station. Chris successfully completed the Armed Response Officer course and joined the Armed Response Group, at HQ operations, where he spent four years before moving to the Tasking and Briefing Unit within the Force Intelligence unit. Continuing his personal development alongside his career, Chris most recently completed his BA Hons degree and now works as a trainer in the Student Officer Training and Assessment Team, a busy but rewarding post **.**

 **Detective Sergeant Helen Clarke**

Detective Sergeant Helen Clarke, started her policing career in 1999 in London. In 2003, Helen relocated to Wiltshire, joining Swindon CID where she had the opportunity to work on a number of murder enquiries. Helen then moved from Swindon CID to the Child Protection Unit. In 2015, Helen gained her most recent promotion to Detective Sergeant and moved to her current role on the Child Internet Exploitation Team in 2017. This is an extremely challenging, but fulfilling, role working with a fantastic team and there is never a dull moment. Helen qualified by passing her Inspector exams last year and is now looking for her next challenge.

 **Special Constabulary**

 **Special Inspector Steve Upton**

Special Inspector Steve Upton transferred to Wiltshire Police from Avon and Somerset as he wanted to Police the communities he lived in. He started as a special sergeant at Trowbridge. After the restructuring of the community policing teams, he moved to Warminster where he remained before being promoted to a special inspector, covering West Wiltshire. Steve remained at West Wiltshire apart from a short spell at HQ as a special staff officer for the Training Unit before returning to Trowbridge. Steve has just qualified as a drone pilot and has passed the Standard Driving Course. A keen leader, Steve was selected to attend the College of Policing Specials Senior Command Course. This was full of great ideas and really helped him to create a leadership style that develops himself and others.

 **Special Constable Shane Wheeler**

Special Constable Shane Wheeler joined Wiltshire Police as a special constable in 2008. He wanted to make a difference in the local community, whilst pushing himself to learn new skills and test his own personal boundaries. For Shane, being proud of what he does and what he achieves is very important to him. The last 10 years have been a very interesting journey for Shane and he has met the extremes of society in their most challenging of times, and this will be something that will live with him forever. Running into situations where most people would run away is what brings him back and energises him for the next shift. He has recently moved on to the Specials Road Safety Unit as he has a passion for road safety. He often finds himself with the speed detection device in different areas of the county and has a real pet hate for drivers on their mobile phones.

 **Photographs by Dominic Parkes Photography.**
