```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: County Lines drug dealers jailed - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7125/County-Lines-drug-dealers-jailed
```

**A man and woman, who were part of a County Line operation out of London targeting Swindon, have been jailed for a total of 10 years. **

Nathan Dawkins, aged 37, from Lewisham, London and Kelsey Schafer-Nolan, aged 24, from South London pleaded guilty to drugs charges at earlier hearings at Swindon Crown Court. Both were identified as the main members of this drugs network following their initial arrests in June and July 2020.

During the course of the police investigation several vehicles were used to deliver drugs to Swindon and make deliveries to local drug users. As well as vehicles, they also made use of the train line to transport drugs between the capital and Swindon.

In November last year, warrants were executed at the home addresses of Dawkins and Schafer-Nolan where both were arrested and remanded in custody after being charged with drugs offences and money laundering.

The investigation identified that the drugs line dealt more than one-kilo of crack cocaine and heroin into Swindon.

Yesterday (08/02), both were sentenced to prison; Dawkins, identified as the leader of the operation, was given seven years and nine months. Schafer-Nolan, identified as having a significant role within the operation for a limited time, was sentenced to two years and four months.

Following the case, PC Gareth Snoad from Wiltshire Police's Operation Fortitude Team said: "Nathan Dawkins had a leading role in the supply of Class A drugs from London into Swindon for many months - exploiting vulnerable people through their addiction; whilst Kelsey Schafer-Nolan also benefited from her involvement in this crime.
"I am pleased with these sentences and hopefully they reflect the severity of the actions of these two and the impact this crime has on many vulnerable people.
"County Lines drugs supply is a national problem and needs to be continually targeted as it affects everyone within our communities.
"We - as a force - are committed to tackling County Lines and will continue to target those involved in the supply of Class A drugs within our county, our towns and our villages."

If you suspect someone to be involved in drug dealing please contact us on 101; if you wish to remain anonymous call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

 _Published on Tuesday 9 February 2021. _
