```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Three arrested in connection with Blunsdon St Andrew stabbing - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6548/Three-arrested-in-connection-with-Blunsdon-St-Andrew-stabbing
```

Officers investigating the stabbing in Highdown Way, Blunsdon St Andrew, on Monday evening (17/08) arrested three teenagers on Tuesday night (18/08) in connection with the attack.

The incident resulted in a 17-year-old boy requiring hospital treatment for a stab wound to his arm. He has since been discharged from hospital.

The three boys, aged 17, 16 and 14, have been arrested on suspicion of assaulting a person and thereby causing actual bodily harm and possessing a knife blade or sharp, pointed article in a public place.

All three have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Supt Phil Staynings said: "Our enquiries into this incident are continuing but we hope this is reassuring to our communities - we are committed to dealing with anyone involved in this kind of activity swiftly.

"The public response to our appeal for witnesses was excellent and has enabled us to make these arrests less than 36 hours after the incident occurred. I need to stress that these incidents are concentrated around a small group of individuals causing disproportionate harm and the vast majority of people are law abiding. We are working closely with partners and putting all our energy into dealing with this as robustly and proactively as possible.

"The only way we can resolve these issues will be with the continued support of the community.

"I would urge anyone with any further information to please get in contact."

Anyone with information should call us on 101, quoting crime reference 54200082195. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
