```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Wiltshire backs NSPCC call for action - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6512/Wiltshire-backs-NSPCC-call-for-action
```

## A recent report from the children's charity, NSPCC has highlighted the scale of child sexual offences in the UK, which has jumped by more than 50% nationally in the past five years.

In Wiltshire, child sexual abuse has risen from 372 reported crimes in 2014/2015 to 580 in 2019/2020. This equates to an increase of 55.9%.

Det Supt Ben Mant, Head of Wiltshire Police's Public Protection Department said: "We welcome this report which not only highlights the need for ongoing awareness of the awful act of child abuse but which also supports and encourages children to report these incidents.

"The increase may sound alarming but it reflects the work that has taken place across the county to improve awareness of the signs of sexual abuse and to encourage reporting to the police and our partner agencies.

"We always want children to report any abuse against them - either to the police or any of our partners and charities like the NSPCC and Childline.

"We are continuing to work extremely closely with partner agencies, including local authorities to not just bring offenders to justice, but to provide support to victims.

"We know that most children spent more time at home during lockdown and we have been planning, with our partners, for an anticipated increase in demand when the schools return in September.

"My message here is that if you are a child in an abusive situation please call the police or one of our partner agencies or charities that can help. If you are an adult aware of such abuse - don't remain silent, please seek help for the child's sake."

Wiltshire Police have worked with both local authorities under the gemstone brand in order to help tackle child criminal exploitation, which is one strand of the overall work in relation to child sexual abuse. In Wiltshire, the team is known as Emerald and works from County Hall. In Swindon, the team is known as Opal and works from Wat Tyler House. Both teams deliver direct interventions with children and their families.

Cllr Laura Mayes, Wiltshire Council Cabinet Member for Children, Education and Skills said: "One of our most important roles is to protect our children. We work closely with our partners and have a range of measures and support available to do this.

"These figures show a rise, which whilst a concern we are taking seriously, also demonstrates people are contacting us if they have worries - something we want to encourage. We would ask anyone who feels a child is being abused to report it so we can be there for children who need us."

Cllr Mary Martin, Swindon Borough Council's Cabinet Member for Children's Services, said: "Our children today face a number of challenges to their safety and wellbeing - none more complex and damaging than criminal exploitation. Being drawn into exploitative situations, where children can be both victims and perpetrators of serious harm, can have severe consequences for them and for their families, friends and communities.

"Working with our partners, including the Children's Society and Research in Practice, the Council is determined to ensure that children and young people at risk of exploitation are identified at the earliest opportunity and appropriate support offered to the young person and their family. This is a very complex area of work and requires strong partnership working with our colleagues in the police and other organisations.

"In Swindon we have robust systems in place to help identify young people at risk of harm and have appropriate services ready to support children and families. Staff across many agencies have received training to help them identify the signs and symptoms of child exploitation and confident to make referrals to Children's Social Care if required."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Swindon and Wiltshire Angus Macpherson said: "Child sexual abuse is an abhorrent crime that has devastating impact on victims and their families and tackling this remains a Force priority.

"I've allocated funding to a number of services supporting victims and also working with those who have offended to stop them from reoffending.

"But prevention is key and we can only achieve that by working together."

If people are concerned that a child is at immediate risk of child sexual abuse they should ring Wiltshire Police on 999.

If the child is not at immediate risk but people still have concerns and have some details about the child, such as their name or address and they live in the Borough of Swindon, they should contact Swindon Borough Council during office hours (8.30am to 4.40pm Monday to Thursday, and 8.30am to 4.00pm Friday) on 01793 466903 or send an email to swindonmash@swindon.gov.uk.

If the child is not at immediate risk but people still have concerns and have some details about the child, such as their name or address and they live in Wiltshire and not in the Borough of Swindon, they should call the Wiltshire Multi Agency Safeguarding Hub (MASH) on 0300 456 0108.

Otherwise people should call Wiltshire Police's non-emergency line on 101 to report their concerns about possible sexual exploitation and child abuse.

Published: 12/08/2020
