```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Salisbury man jailed for assaulting police officer - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7171/Salisbury-man-jailed-for-assaulting-police-officer
```

**A Salisbury man has been sentenced to six months in prison after assaulting a police officer. **

 ****

Mark Parker, aged 24, from Cherry Close, Salisbury pleaded guilty at Salisbury Magistrates Court yesterday (25/02) to assaulting an emergency work and possessing a knife in a public place.

On Wednesday 24 February, Mark Parker attended a meeting with the police officer and a member of staff at The Probation Office in Salisbury city centre. While there Parker mentioned he had a knife with him and showed its pointed tip when asked about it; he then decided to leave the meeting. However, our officer warned him that he could not leave with the knife and attempted to stop him. During this altercation Parker assaulted the officer by punching his torso.

Parker was then arrested by the officer for assault. A subsequent search of his bag found the knife in question. He was then arrested for possession of a weapon.

Fortunately, the officer wasn't seriously injured.

Following yesterday's sentencing, Inspector Guy Williams said: "I would like to praise the actions of both police and probation staff in taking decisive action to ensure that Mark Parker was unable to pose a risk to the public.

"This is a timely reminder that the engagement with offenders across the county has not stopped due to the pandemic.

"Staff from several agencies work daily to try to divert persons from their criminal behaviour and to safeguard those in need, and at times place themselves in harms way in order to do so

"Assaults on any staff member will never be tolerated."

 _Published on Friday 26 February 2021. _
