```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: CCTV appeal to identify man who sexually assaulted teenage girl - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6969/CCTV-appeal-to-identify-man-who-sexually-assaulted-teenage-girl
```

We are continuing our appeal for assistance from members of the public to help identify a man who sexually assaulted a teenage girl in Salisbury on 27 October 2020.

This video shows the victim who was approached and grabbed from behind by a man she didn't know as she walked on the path which leads into Churchill Gardens near the Salisbury Sea Cadets building at about 2.30pm.

 **** This footage contains images that some people may find upsetting. ****

See the video here: https://youtu.be/rXEIJwrYs0k

The suspect is a white middle-aged man of medium build with light grey hair. He was wearing a smart black coat with grey or dark trousers and smart shoes.

PC Lou Poole said: "This is a really concerning incident that took place in a busy public area during the middle of the day. We are aware that this footage may be distressing however we are appealing for anyone in the area on Sunday 27 October, or those who may have recorded dash cam footage nearby which might help us to identify the offender, to contact us. We would also urge you to study the CCTV footage carefully to see if you recognise the man who carried out this appalling assault. Please consider showing this footage to friends and family members that do not have access to social media to ensure that the footage is viewed by as many members of the community as possible."

This video has been shared with the victims consent. The witness on the bicycle has been identified, and is assisting with the investigation.

If you can help call 101 quoting crime log 54200108088.

 _Published on 7 December 2020_
