```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Man who threatened paramedics with a knife is sentenced - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7038/Man-who-threatened-paramedics-with-a-knife-is-sentenced
```

**A man has been handed a suspended prison sentence after threatening paramedics with a knife on Christmas Day (25/12).**

Milen Mladenov, 39, of Morse Street, Swindon, was charged with driving a vehicle whilst over the prescribed limit of alcohol and possession of a bladed article in a public place.

He was remanded in custody and appeared at Swindon Magistrates' Court on Monday (28/12). He pleaded guilty to both charges and was given 16 weeks' imprisonment, suspended for 18 months, and was banned from driving for 30 months, given a 10-week curfew and 30 rehabilitation activity requirement days. He was also ordered to pay £85 costs and a £128 victim surcharge.

At approximately 4.30pm on Christmas Day, the South Western Ambulance Service were called to an address in Morse Street, Swindon, for a medical incident.

Whilst at the address, and trying to administer care, Mladenov has picked up a kitchen knife and having become fearful for their own safety the paramedics left the address to seek safety in their ambulance.

The 39-year-old has left the house with the knife and has got into his car to drive away.

The paramedics parked their vehicle in front of the car to attempt to stop the male driving off due to the high level of intoxication and Mladenov has proceeded to drive his car into the ambulance.

He left his car and proceeded to bang on the windows of the ambulance until our officers arrived and he was arrested. Mladenov gave an alcohol breath reading of 147 at the police station, more than four times the legal limit.

Inspector Steve Love said: "This is a concerning incident where the suspect has called the ambulance service to seek medical attention and when they have arrived at the scene they are presented with an intoxicated male threatening them with a knife.

"Members of the emergency services continue to put themselves in harm's way in the midst of a pandemic and should feel safe to attend incidents without fearing for their own safety.

"I hope Mladenov gets the help and support he needs.

"It's unacceptable for anyone to use violence against a person, especially one who is trying to help that person, in this case, an emergency worker.

"If you are struggling, there is help out there through the emergency services, local charities and your GP."

Mike Jones, Violence Reduction Lead for South Western Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust (SWASFT) said: "Our hard-working colleagues give up their Christmas with their loved ones to serve the communities in which they live in, ensuring that people are looked after over the festive period.

"The pandemic has brought significant challenges to the trust and its colleagues, and at a time of national emergency some members of society still see it appropriate to abuse and threaten our people who are trying to help them.

"We would like to thank Wiltshire Police for their investigation into this incident and the quick resolution."

 _Published on Wednesday, December 30, 2020_
