```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Appeal following series of dwelling burglaries at new estate in Salisbury - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7145/Appeal-following-series-of-dwelling-burglaries-at-new-estate-in-Salisbury
```

**We are appealing for information following a series of attempted dwelling burglaries on a new-build estate in Salisbury.**

In the past two days we have had several burglary reports relating to St Peter's Place.

The suspects appear to have targeted random roads on the estate overnight between midnight and 1.30am yesterday (15/02) morning.

Officers are investigating the reports and are stepping up patrols in the area as well as encouraging those who may have been targeted but haven't reported it to come forward.

PC Harriet Casey of the Salisbury Community Policing Team said: "We understand the concern this will be causing local residents.

"We want to reassure them that we are carrying out house-to-house checks and that we will be increasing our presence in this area over night to try and disrupt this criminal behaviour.

"If you have noticed any suspicious behaviour or have had a similar incident happen to you that you have not reported yet, please let us know by calling 101 to help us with our enquiries.

"Also, if you have any CCTV or video doorbell footage that may have captured something that could help our enquiries, please contact us.

"Please find below some guidance to help you keep your properties secure and please call 999 immediately if you suspect a burglary to be taking place."

 * If you are out when it gets dark, leave a light on in the house and perhaps a radio on. Make it look like someone is home.
 * Make sure that side gates and access to the rear of your property is secure. Keep wheelie bins away from gates so they can't be used to climb up on. Bolt and padlock gates so someone can't reach over the open side gates.
 * Keep all windows closed and locked. Even the small windows.
 * Don't leave keys in patio doors, windows or back doors. Take them out and hide them out of view.
 * Be a nosey neighbour and be aware of who is parked outside your neighbours' houses if they aren't in. Write down descriptions of vehicles or persons you think may be suspicious and tell the police.
 * If you have house alarms or CCTV cameras, make sure they are working. Please inform local police officers if you have CCTV as your cameras may have captured something you aren't aware of.
 * Keep jewellery locked away. Ideally in a safe but otherwise well out of sight.

Anyone with information about these burglaries, including anyone who saw anyone acting suspiciously in this area yesterday and over the weekend, is asked to contact us on 101 and quote crime reference number 54210015123.

Alternatively, information can be left anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

 _Published on Tuesday, February 16, 2021_
