```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Witness appeal following Trowbridge burglary - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7179/Witness-appeal-following-Trowbridge-burglary
```

**We're appealing for witnesses following a burglary and attempted burglary in Trowbridge. **

In the early hours of Saturday morning (27/02) - between 1 and 2am - unknown offenders stole items from a garage on Painters Mead.

Then at approximately 3am the same day, we received a report of an attempted burglary on a garage in Heeks Crescent.

PC Ben Brown said: "We'd like to hear from anyone who may have heard or seen anything suspicious in these areas at these times.
"This is also a timely reminder for residents to make sure their homes, garages and sheds are secure. Often an unlocked door or insecure gate can be a tempting invite for opportunist thieves."

If you can help us with either incident, please contact us on 101 quoting crime reference number 54210019132.

 **Crime Prevention Advice - checklist**

Lock your doors and windows every time you leave the house, even when just in the garden.

And make sure you have approved locks or bolts to all doors and windows.

Never leave a spare key in a hiding place like in a plant pot or letter box - a thief knows all the hiding places.

Register all serial numbers from electrical items, tools and garden equipment with Immobilise.com the free national property register. Mark items without serial numbers with an artificial DNA property marker such as Smartwater or SelectaDNA.

Use a timer to set lights to mimic your usual activity when you are not at home.

Do not open the door to anyone you don't know or are not expecting. Always check by using a spy-hole or look through a window. Don't trust an ID card.

Trim back any plants and hedges at the front of your property to no higher than one meter to remove hiding places.

Always report any suspicious activity, note any vehicle registrations, descriptions of persons involved and direction of travel.

Consider installing a monitored burglar alarm, and only use a company that is registered or certified with the NSI or the SSIAB.

Make sure that you have up to date contents insurance.

If you have any information about offenders or see something suspicious, please call Wiltshire Police on 101, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111. In an emergency dial 999.

 **Reminder**

Be aware of your home security and build it in as part of your everyday routine; for example, locking a ladder away or a simple step like leaving a light on to make it look like someone is home could make all difference.
