```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Five arrested on suspicion of night poaching following proactive police patrols on Salisbury Plain - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7001/Five-arrested-on-suspicion-of-night-poaching-following-proactive-police-patrols-on-Salisbury-Plain
```

**Five people have been arrested on suspicion of night poaching after a vehicle made off from police patrolling Salisbury Plain.**

At around midnight last night (14/12) officers from the Amesbury Area Community Policing Team were carrying out routine patrols in the area of Everleigh Down when they located a blue Jeep Cherokee on Ministry of Defence land.

The vehicle failed to stop for police, turning off its lights and making off cross country.

Officers from the Salisbury Area Community Policing Team then located the vehicle entering Salisbury on the A338 and deployed a stinger to force it to stop.

Five men, aged 21, 30, 34, 42 and 49 and all from the Dorset area, were arrested on suspicion of failing to stop for police and night poaching. They are all currently in custody at Melksham Police Station.

The vehicle, which was seized for having no insurance, was also searched and officers found four lurcher-type dogs and night vision equipment. Two of the dogs were noted to have injuries.

Inspector Dean Knight, from the Amesbury Area CPT, said: "The use of dogs to hunt animals is unacceptable and unlawful and officers will use all powers available to them to prevent this.

"Whenever possible we will liaise with our Rural Crime Team colleagues and specialist lawyers from the Crown Prosecution Service to prosecute offenders and utilise relevant legislation to seize dogs, vehicles and equipment used."

Photo: Seized vehicle.

Published at 11.30am on Tuesday 15 December 2020.
