```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Wiltshire Police chief officers visit Salisbury to speak to businesses and the public - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/1770/Wiltshire-Police-chief-officers-visit-Salisbury-to-speak-to-businesses-and-the-public
```

Chief Constable Kier Pritchard and Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills visited Salisbury today to meet the public and speak to business owners following the recent Major Incident in the city.

The aim was to listen to concerns and provide reassurance around the safety messages being issued by Public Health England.

They also spent time with police officers and staff who have been working around the clock, assisting with the investigation.

There is still a visible Counter Terrorism Police presence in Salisbury, including a number of cordons still in place, but the two chief officers noted the "business as usual" atmosphere in the city.

Mr Pritchard said: "It was great to have the opportunity to visit Salisbury today to speak to businesses in Salisbury, particularly those close to the cordons.

"Although these cordons are there for a very serious reason, and we know the public understands the importance of this, we of course appreciate and understand the inconvenience this has caused.

"I also had a really worthwhile conversation with Robin McGowan, the chief executive of Salisbury Business Improvement District, and, as I told him, if there is anything Wiltshire Police can do to assist local businesses then of course we will be happy to help.

"We also took time to talk to frontline officers in the city, including those guarding the cordons.

"Not only do we have Wiltshire Police officers carrying out this visible policing role, but they are joined by colleagues from other forces across the UK. We are hugely grateful for this support."

Mr Mills added: "The mood amongst the public seemed positive and it was heartening to see a bustling city centre, very much carrying on as normal.

"The people of Salisbury have taken the extraordinary events of the past ten days in their stride, and have shown nothing but resilience and community spirit during such a difficult time.

"Having said that we do understand the concerns of residents and businesses.

"As Public Health England has previously stated, the risk to the general public remains low, and we want to reassure people that their health and safety is at the forefront of everything the emergency services are doing."
