```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Two people in custody following police pursuit in Walcot, Swindon - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6691/Two-people-in-custody-following-police-pursuit-in-Walcot-Swindon
```

Two people have been arrested following a fail to stop on Queens Drive, Swindon, this morning.

At around 3.20am officers attempted to stop a Vauxhall Zafira but after initially stopping, the vehicle made off and officers were forced to pursue.

The pursuit lasted for 30 seconds before the driver of the Vauxhall lost control of the vehicle on Frobrisher Drive, Walcot, and crashed into several parked cars and a lamppost.

Traffic officers attended the scene and were supported by the community policing team, the ambulance service and the fire service.

The two occupants, an 18-year-old man and a 20-year-old woman, both from Swindon, were arrested on suspicion of aggravated taking of a vehicle without consent, while the male driver was also arrested for a number of driving offences including on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs above the specified limit.

Both were taken to Gablecross Police Station where they remain in custody.

Insp Louis McCoy said: "Officers who were out on patrol noticed something wasn't right and used their skill and training to stop the vehicle.

"It was at this moment the driver of the vehicle decided to show a complete disregard for the officers and drove off in a dangerous manner.

"The pursuit was short but unfortunately came to an end with a collision with parked vehicles.

"It was lucky the roads were quiet at that time in the morning and nobody was seriously injured.

"We will continue to police our roads diligently to ensure our communities are safe and remind people that the risk of driving under the influence of drugs is not worth it."

If you suspect a drug driver, call us on 101 or 999 if the crime is in progress and give as much information as possible including description of driver and vehicle and their direction of travel.

You can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
