```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: People across Swindon and Wiltshire urged to prepare for Tier 2 restrictions - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6950/People-across-Swindon-and-Wiltshire-urged-to-prepare-for-Tier-2-restrictions
```

**People across Swindon and Wiltshire are being urged to prepare for Tier 2 restrictions as the national lockdown is lifted this week.**

The national lockdown restrictions will be finishing tomorrow (02/12), with this area then moving into the "high alert" tier.

Those living in Tier 2 areas must follow new restrictions that have been laid out by the Government, including:

\- No mixing of households indoors, apart from support bubbles.
\- The rule of six when meeting outdoors.
\- Pubs and bars must close unless they are operating as restaurants. Alcohol can only be served with a substantial meal. Venues must stop taking orders at 10pm and close at 11pm.
\- Avoid travelling outside of the area, or a Tier 3 area, other than where necessary, such as for work or education.

For a full list of Tier 2 restrictions please visit www.gov.uk/coronavirus

Over the past seven days Wiltshire Police has issued two fixed penalty notices to people failing to adhere to the current lockdown restrictions.

One of these was in Swindon where an individual had been warned numerous times for being away from their home without good reason, and the second was in Devizes where a teenager had received previous warnings, but was gathered in a group of more than two, so their parent was issued with a fine.

Between 23/11 and 29/11, Wiltshire Police has:

\- Issued two FPNs, bringing our overall total to 246 since the beginning of the pandemic.
\- Issued 33 warnings to people about following the Covid-19 restrictions.
\- Recorded 92 engagement interactions with the public - 36 for people not wearing face coverings and 54 for people gathering in groups of more than two.
\- Recorded 136 Covid-related reports, either online or by phone.
\- Recorded three Covid-related crimes and six Covid-related incidents.

Yesterday (30/11), the National Police Chiefs Council has also published its latest review on the impact of Covid-19 on crime across England and Wales, including the fact that recorded crime is currently nine per cent lower than the same period last year.

To read their full update, including the latest national statistics on FPNs and policing demands, please go here.

Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills said: "The Government has made it very clear that although the national lockdown restrictions will end this week, the Tiered approach (which will be in place from 02/12) means we need to continue to be cautious so we keep the number of cases under control during the build up to Christmas. I would like to thank our communities for their high levels of compliance during the lockdown period and playing their part in helping to keep us all safe.

"As we now enter this next stage of the response to the virus and the run up to Christmas it is important that we approach the next month with public safety at the forefront of our minds.

"The Tier 2 restrictions continue to place limitations on what is permitted and our ongoing dedicated patrols will be out within communities ensuring compliance with the regulations. In particular I would remind the public of the requirement to wear face coverings in certain settings and make sure that we are all following the basics of the hands, face and space messaging."

Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson added: "I would urge everyone to make sure they have read through the Government's rules for Tier 2, so they fully understand what they can and cannot do over the coming weeks.

"We will all have to find a way to celebrate Christmas differently this year, so although some of the strictest lockdown restrictions may be easing this week, we need to still work hard to reduce social contact where possible and each play our part in keeping the most vulnerable safe."

Published at 9am on Tuesday 1 December 2020.
