```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Four arrested following Alderbury burglary - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6859/Four-arrested-following-Alderbury-burglary
```

We're appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Alderbury last night (06/11).

The incident took place in the Shute End area of the village at approximately 11.15pm when a number of men were disturbed in a residential property.

They fled the scene in a 4x4 vehicle at speed travelling through Downton before joining the A338.

Officers from the local community policing team, supported by the police helicopter, responded quickly but the vehicle was lost to sight.

Due to the speed and manner in which the suspects were driving, a trail of property was located in the Nunton and Odstock areas.

A short time later, the vehicle was sighted on the A36 and officers once again took up pursuit.

The vehicle was eventually stopped in Petersfinger and the four occupants - three men and a 15-year-old boy - were all arrested on suspicion of burglary. All four remain in custody.

Inspector John Hutchings said: "Due to the dynamic nature of this incident, a number of police vehicles attended the scene and the A36 was temporarily blocked whilst the suspects were detained.

"This incident was brought to a swift conclusion thanks to the professionalism of the South Community Policing Team resulting in the suspects being arrested and the stolen property being recovered.

"We would like to hear from anyone who might have witnessed the burglary or seen anyone acting suspiciously in the Alderbury area. Similarly, anyone who might have dashcam footage of the vehicle travelling through Downton and along the A338 during the time of this incident is asked to contact us."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us on 101 and quote log number 333 of 06/11.
