```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Warning to cyclists in Swindon town centre - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6951/Warning-to-cyclists-in-Swindon-town-centre-
```

**Cyclists are being reminded that they could face a fine of £100 if they cycle through pedestrian only areas in Swindon town centre.**

The Town Centre Neighbourhood Policing Team has seen a significant rise in the number of complaints and concerns regarding this issue.

Officers would like to remind cyclists to dismount their bikes as they enter the town centre - namely, Bridge Street, Regent Street, The Parade, Canal Walk and Wharf Green.

Failure to dismount in these pedestrian-only zones may result in a £100 Fixed Penalty Notice being issued under legislation currently in place called a Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO).

Charlie Milne, one of the PCSO for Swindon Town Centre said: "It is not just the cycling itself that is an issue, but also the manner of the cycling.

"When patrolling the area, our team are regularly approached by members of the public complaining about cyclists cycling through the town and weaving in and out of pedestrians at speed.

"This form of anti-social cycling can be very intimidating to the public, people who should be able to go about their business and shopping in the town centre without having to be concerned for their safety.

"My message to cyclists is, please be mindful and avoid cycling through the town centre - either push your bike through town or cycle on the roads and designated cycle paths around it.

"Please remember, our officers along with Council Enforcement Officers can enforce the legislation and issue £100 Fixed Penalty Notices when people are found committing the offence."

Anyone wishing to report an incident should contact Wiltshire Police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be left anonymously.

 _Published on Tuesday 1 December 2020_
