```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Three London men sentenced after being caught supplying class A drugs into Swindon from local hotels - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/2706/Three-London-men-sentenced-after-being-caught-supplying-class-A-drugs-into-Swindon-from-local-hotels
```

4. County Lines: Let us take you #BeyondtheBeat

Three men from London have been sentenced after they were caught supplying class A drugs into Swindon from local hotels.

Mubashir Tariq, aged 20, of Trinity Way, Amin Aden, aged 18 of Highlea Close, and Mohamed Jeilani, aged 28, of Dollis Valley Drive, were sentenced at Swindon Crown Court on 23 May.

On 27 July 2016, Aden, who was staying at a Swindon hotel, was arrested when officers discovered £7,000 worth of crack cocaine and heroin in his room. He was 16 at the time of his arrest.

A subsequent investigation linked him to Jeilani and Tariq, who had also been staying in the hotel preparing class A drugs to supply in Swindon.

Further telephone analysis and ANPR enquiries were carried out which showed Jeilani had made regular trips from London to Swindon to sell drugs.

As part of the investigation, a mobile phone was seized and a video was discovered which was filmed by Jeilani and showed Aden and Tariq preparing and weighing class A drugs for supply in another Swindon hotel. Jeilani is then heard making a phone call and arranging to meet the caller for a deal to take place. Tariq and Aden are then seen leaving the room with a bag of class A drugs.

The trio pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of class A drugs, and Jeilani was sentenced to five years and four months imprisonment, Tariq was sentenced to two years and four months imprisonment and Aden was issued with a community order for his lesser role in the group.

PC Matt Barnett, of the Dedicated Crime Team, said: "This was a complex and lengthy investigation and our enquiries carried out showed that Tariq and Aden were clearly working for Jeilani, regularly travelling into Swindon, staying at hotels where they would prepare the drugs, and then deal to vulnerable users within our town.

"By booking hotel rooms, the group thought they would be able to operate in Swindon without police disruption but they were clearly mistaken, and two of them are now serving prison sentences.

"I'm pleased with the outcome - this is another example of county lines drugs gangs travelling into smaller towns, often in rural counties, to supply some of the most vulnerable people in society with class A drugs. Not only are they now behind bars, but we have disrupted this chain of supply and taken class A drugs off our streets to protect vulnerable people."

This week, we are running a county lines awareness campaign as part of our 'Beyond the Beat' summer-long campaign to highlight some of the hidden demands on our force.

To know the signs to look out for regarding drugs gangs, visit our Facebook and Twitter pages and join in the conversation using #CountyLines #BeyondtheBeat.
