```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Shoplifter given community order for stealing &#163;280 worth of alcohol from Marlborough supermarket - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6974/Shoplifter-given-community-order-for-stealing-280-worth-of-alcohol-from-Marlborough-supermarket
```

**A man has been given a community order after pleading guilty to stealing £280 worth of alcohol from a Marlborough supermarket.**

Christopher Wayne Hosken, 45, of Dowland Grove, Bristol, appeared at Swindon Magistrates Court last Thursday (03/12).

He pleaded guilty to theft and was given a community order and ordered to pay £85 in court costs and a £95 victim surcharge.

Two members of staff at Waitrose in the High Street had called police on the previous day (02/12) after witnessing a man selecting six bottles of champagne and two bottles of vodka of alcohol.

He was seen to put the champagne in a rucksack and the vodka in his waistband, before leaving the shop without making any attempt to pay.

Staff tried to apprehend him, but he threw the rucksack and bottles of vodka at them, and ran away.

Officers located Hosken in a nearby vehicle and he was arrested.

PC Emily Grigor, from the Devizes Area Community Policing Team, was the arresting officer and said she hoped it showed that police would act swiftly to arrest and detain shoplifters.

She said: "Shoplifting is a crime which causes inconvenience and frustration for businesses and, as we often see an increase in these type of offences in the build up to Christmas, I'm pleased that this case has been resolved quickly.

"It should serve as a warning to other thieves that we are taking action and working with local businesses to crack down on this sort of criminality."

Published at 5.20pm on Monday 7 December 2020.
