```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Man sentenced following sex offences - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7091/Man-sentenced-following-sex-offences
```

**A Wiltshire man has been sentenced after admitting possessing indecent images of children. **

Jamie Creese, aged 24, originally from the Warminster area and now from Keynsham, pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to three charges of making and possessing indecent images of underaged girls on his mobile phone.

Today (29/01), at Bristol Crown Court, he was sentenced to a community order of three years, given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for five years and is also now on the Sex Offenders' Register.

Following today's sentencing, Det Con Sam Long said: "I am pleased this case has concluded and that justice has been done. It serves as a warning to anybody who thinks they can look at indecent images of children and go unnoticed.
"People have to realise is that these crimes have victims. If people did not view such material there would not be criminal case of vulnerable children being sexually abused. These children will all be immensely affected by this type of offending.
"Our message here is that no one has to be a victim in situations like this and if you feel like you are, there is help available.
"The police and our partner agencies are here to support you and this is also the case regardless of how much time has passed."

Please contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. More information can also be found here.

Victims can also seek support and counselling from the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) based at the New Swindon Sanctuary - they can be contacted on the 24-hour helpline 0808 168 0024.

 _Published on Friday 29 January 2021_
