```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: PCC announces refurbishment begins on new Warminster police station - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6798/PCC-announces-refurbishment-begins-on-new-Warminster-police-station
```

The Police and Crime Commissioner for Swindon and Wiltshire, Angus Macpherson, is pleased to announce that works have commenced this week (commencing 19 October) to refurbish the former Wiltshire College training campus at The Avenue, Warminster to a modern facility for the local Community Policing Hub. This follows the change of use application being approved last October.

Renovation works are currently anticipated to be complete by April 2021, with operational services expected to commence in May 2021.

Whilst creating his Estates Strategy 2017-21, the Commissioner, Angus Macpherson asked the Chief Constable Kier Pritchard what his operational requirements were. The existing Warminster station is one of the oldest buildings on the police estate and was identified as no longer fit for purpose.

Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson said: "The plans for the new site are really exciting and I'm looking forward to seeing our staff and officers enjoy their new, modern environment once completed.

"A number of options to improve facilities for the Community Policing Hub in Warminster were considered, including renovating the existing site on Station Road. However, the detached, modern training facility, previously owned by Wiltshire College was the clear choice. Located only 450 yards from the Market Place, it provides a central location in the local community from which to continue to deliver policing services."

Inspector Gill Hughes for Warminster CPT commented "Alongside the Commissioners investments into mobile technology, improvements to the physical environments in which we work are also beneficial to operational policing, ensuring we operate as efficiently as possible. We're delighted we'll be located right at the heart of the community in which we serve and are looking forward to seeing the site renovations complete."

"Staff based at Warminster and I were consulted on the plans and I'm thrilled by the final designs for the new facility. The new premises will include a large, open plan parade room, separate digital room, large briefing, interview and search rooms, as well as a locker room, shower facilities, a modern kitchen and break out room.

"After such a difficult and challenging year for so many, it's nice to have something positive to look forward to."

For further information on the PCC's Estates Strategy please visit the Police and Crime Commissioner's website at www.wiltshire-pcc.gov.uk
