```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Teenager named in Westbury fatal collision - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7116/Teenager-named-in-Westbury-fatal-collision
```

**Following last night's tragic collision on The Mead, Westbury, in which a teenager sadly lost her life, we can confirm that formal identification has now been completed.**

She has been identified as 18-year-old Bethany Ovenden Gumm from Westbury.

We are aware that tributes are being left at the scene in the wake of the incident and we ask people to remember to adhere to the current Government Covid guidance.

If people wish to leave tributes, please remember to keep socially distant, wear a mask and do not come into contact with people who are not in your household or support bubbles.

Det Insp Andrew Lemon said: "Firstly I would like to start by offering my sincere condolences to the family and friends of Beth.

"We completely understand how devastating this must be on those affected by this tragic incident and of course understand people want to come together at the scene to pay their respects and comfort each other.

"We want to make sure this is done safely and that we don't exacerbate the situation by spreading the virus so please try to bear in mind Covid restrictions and social distancing.

"We know this is a difficult and distressing time but we want people to try and remember social distancing to keep everyone safe, the last thing we want is for friends and family to become ill in the coming days.

"We'd like to thank the community of Westbury for their support at this time and ask that the privacy of the family is respected."

Our investigation into the collision is ongoing and we won't be making further comment at this time.

 _Published on Saturday, February 6, 2021_
