```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Statement following media articles on former Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/6977/Statement-following-media-articles-on-former-Detective-Sergeant-Nick-Bailey
```

**Statement from Wiltshire Police in relation to media articles on former Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey:**

Since Nick Bailey found himself at the centre of the Novichok international incident, Wiltshire Police have worked with him and his family to provide continuing support and assistance to help them deal with the impact of this unprecedented incident and assist him to try and return to active police duties.

It was with great sadness that regrettably this was not possible and Nick was medically retired from the Force in Oct 2020 with our very best wishes for the future.

When any officer retires on medical grounds from the police service, there is national legislation that governs the process to ensure that officers in these circumstances are suitably independently assessed by medical practitioners from outside of policing, such that an appropriate assessment can be made of their needs going forward.

This process is made up of two distinct parts. The first is completed prior to the officer retiring and based on an independent medical assessment and sets the officers basic medical retirement entitlements. Only after this stage is complete, will an officer medically retire from the service and immediately receive their assessed medical pension.

The second part is undertaken, in addition, where an officer retires further to an injury on duty. In these circumstances an additional independent medical assessment is undertaken and the medical practitioner classifies the level of award that an officer should be entitled to.

As with all such processes, there is a right of appeal at each stage for the officer concerned which may be exercised where appropriate. The entire process is conducted outside of the employing Force, to ensure that it is led and informed by independent medical assessment.

As a matter of policy we do not comment specifically on private matters relating to former officers.
