```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Weapons, drugs and cash seized following stop and search in Wroughton - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/5486/Weapons-drugs-and-cash-seized-following-stop-and-search-in-Wroughton
```

## Two males aged 17-years-old and 18-years-old were arrested in Wroughton last Tuesday (17/12) on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class B drugs and possession of an offensive weapon.

The pair had initially been spotted acting suspiciously by specialist operations officers on patrol and had attempted to run from officers before being detained and searched.

A small amount of cannabis was found on both males and officers also located a discarded car key nearby.

A large amount of cash was located in the car, parked near to where the pair were spotted, alongside a machete, hammer, tyre iron and mask.

A Vauxhall Astra was seized at the scene for being driven without insurance, MOT or tax. The pair have been released under investigation while our enquiries continue.

PC Alex Pawlowski said: "This is an excellent example of proactive policing within our communities resulting in a quantity of drugs and a number of weapons being removed from the streets of Wiltshire.

"Criminality of this type will not be tolerated and will be targeted through the use of proactive patrols as we continue to take a robust approach towards illegal drug use."

If you have concerns about suspected drug use in your neighbourhood, please call 101 and report it. You can also do so anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Published Monday 23 December 2019
