```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Arrest made following spate of catalytic converter thefts in Downton - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7085/Arrest-made-following-spate-of-catalytic-converter-thefts-in-Downton
```

**A man has been arrested following several reports of catalytic converters being stolen in the Downton area in the last few days.**

Shortly after midnight this morning (29/01) we received a call to Breamore Road to a report of an alleged theft of a catalytic convertor from a car.

A blue Vauxhall Corsa was linked to the offence and was stopped by Salisbury Community Policing Team officers, supported by specialist firearms officers, in London Road, less than 15 minutes after the first call had been made.

A local man in his 20s has been arrested on suspicion of going equipped to steal, theft and a public order offence. He was taken to Melksham Police Station where he remains in custody.

Insp Pete Sparrow said: "This was a good job and I hope it goes some way to allaying any community concerns.

"I'd like to thank the public for their support and the call that led to this arrest as well as the quick work of the officers to locate the vehicle.

"We'll always look to pursue those intent on causing harm in our communities and would encourage the public to keep providing crucial information that could be the crucial bit that leads to an arrest."

Anyone with information, or who wishes to report incidents of this nature should call 101 or 999 if a crime is in progress. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

 _Published on Friday, January 29, 2021_
