```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Sentence for man who ran cannabis farm - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7098/Sentence-for-man-who-ran-cannabis-farm
```

**A man who ran a cannabis farm in a terrace house in Swindon has been jailed for nine months. **

Officers discovered the farm at the property on Westcott Place in October 2020. Kuqi Haxhi, aged 22, was located on the premises along with evidence of cannabis production.

It was found that the bedrooms had been converted into 'grow rooms', lined and sealed with plastic sheeting. In one room the floor was covered in several inches of soil - clearly adapted to grow cannabis. They also found high powered heat lamps, wall thermometers and an industrial sized extraction fan. Hundreds of what were believed to be cannabis stalks from recent harvests were also discovered.

Haxhi, from Westcott Place, Swindon, was sentenced to 37-weeks at Swindon Crown Court on Friday 29 January after pleading guilty at an earlier hearing to the charge of producing a Class B drug.

The sentence also includes the destruction and disposal of the cannabis and any associated equipment. Haxhi was also ordered to pay a Victim Surcharge of £156.

PC Paul Bezzant said: "This case exposes how this person was exploited by a bigger drugs gang to run this cannabis farm.
"Although he had the choice to walk away, due to a debt he owed, he choose to run the operation from this property in Swindon in return for a small renumeration.
"The risk is not worth it; as we have seen in this case, being found involved with a cannabis farm or factory often leads to a jail sentence.
"The drugs support a wider drug network which cause many issues for local neighbourhoods.
"We would like to remind members of the public to be on the look out for any suspicious activity in your street or local community."

You can find out more about spotting the signs Click here.

 _Published on Monday 1 February 2021. _
