```yaml
area: Wiltshire
title: Partnership project aims to support victims of sexual abuse - Wiltshire Police
url: https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/article/7097/Partnership-project-aims-to-support-victims-of-sexual-abuse
```

To coincide with the start of Sexual Abuse and Violence Awareness Week, Wiltshire Police are highlighting a long-term partnership project aimed at improving services offered to those who report such offences.

Developed in partnership with the Crown Prosecution Service, Wiltshire's Police and Crime commissioner and neighbouring Hampshire Constabulary and Dorset Police, the Wessex Action Plan has seen the introduction of a range of measures with a greater focus on improving the experience for those who engage with our service and improve the likelihood of the perpetrator being brought to justice.

We want to remove barriers to reporting and participating in the criminal justice process and make the process for victims easier.

Those reporting an offence, no matter how much time has elapsed, will be supported by specially trained officers who will conduct a compassionate and professional investigation.

Their privacy will be protected and steps will be taken to safeguard them from further abuse.

If the victim feels any perceived shame - they need to know that they will be supported by a team of people who have undergone training to understand the context of these factors.

The action plan focuses on four main areas:

 * Supporting victims by improving communication with them and ensuring they receive the right information and support.

 * Working together to improve casework quality and case progression.

 * Improving digital capability and disclosure.

 * Ensuring the investigation of RASSO cases are given the priority and focus they deserve with provision of adequate resources, skills and equipment.

Wiltshire Police's Chief Constable Kier Pritchard has welcomed the changes: "A vitally important part of this plan is supporting victims.

"Across the three force areas we will work together with stakeholders and improve communication with victims so that they understand and know what to expect from every stage of the investigation and prosecution.

"We will improve the service to victims on first contact following a report to police and all officers undertaking work on cases involving rape and serious sexual offences will be trained to understand the specific needs of victims.

"We will ensure victims receive the right information and support and feel listened to throughout their journey within the justice process."

Wiltshire Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson said: "I welcome the improvements that have been made to the service offered to victims of sexual abuse. Ensuring that the welfare of the victim is at the heart of the service is vitally important and reflects the priorities set out in my annual report. I hope the great emphasis being placed on supporting victims will lead to more people engaging with our services.and give confidence in reporting offences."

Over the following weeks we will be taking a closer look at different aspects of the service and how changes to the way we engage with victims is beginning to make a difference.

 _Published on 1 February 2021_
