```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: CCTV released in distraction burglary investigation - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/cctv-released-in-distraction-burglary-investigation/
```

_Date published: 23 March 2021 10:29_

 _Dated: 23 March 2021 10:24:32_

Officers in Doncaster have released CCTV footage of a man they are trying to identify in connection to reports of fraud and theft during a distraction burglary from an elderly woman.

On 26 February 2021, around 12pm it is reported than a man attended an elderly woman’s home on Silver Jubilee Close in Wheatley claiming to be from the Water Board, needing to undertake checks inside her property.

The woman let the man in and after being asked to run the kitchen taps she suspected something could be wrong. The women went into her living room where the man was, he then fled the property.

The victim checked her handbag she discovered over £1000 was missing.

The man is described as being white, aged in his 30’s, around 5ft 8ins tall with dark short hair. He was seen wearing a dark coloured jogging top and jogging bottoms. He spoke with a Yorkshire accent and had a distinctive walk.

Officers are now keen to identify the man in the CCTV footage as they believe he can help with their enquiries.

Do you recognise the man? Do you have any information that can help officers? Please call 101 quoting incident number 329 of 26 February 2021.

Alternatively you can provide information alternatively via Crimestoppers.

Please share information with your elderly neighbours and relatives about bogus officials and those looking to take advantage, more information can be found on our website.
