```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Doncaster strikes against drug crime in Edlington - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/doncaster-strikes-against-drug-crime-in-edlington/
```

_Date published: 23 February 2021 15:24_

 _Dated: 23 February 2021 15:23:06_

Over 600 cannabis plants have been seized and one man arrested after a significant strike against individuals involved in drug-related crime took place today (Tuesday 23 February) in Edlington.

Nine drugs warrants were executed simultaneously in the community at properties on Staveley Street, Victoria Road and Princes Crescent, in a large-scale operation that involved officers from Doncaster’s Op Fortify, neighbourhood teams, supported by the specialist resources of the Serious Violent Crime Task Force.

Detective Inspector Steve Smith leads Doncaster’s Op Fortify team. He said: “Today saw a concerted effort from officers across Doncaster and South Yorkshire to tackle and disrupt drug crime operations in our town.

“We have listened to the concerns raised by our communities in Edlington and have taken action to put a significant dent in drug supply and dealing activities in Doncaster.

“Drugs cause serious harm to individuals, their families and the wider public. Those involved in this type of criminality may also have ties to violent and organised crime.

“Organised crime groups involved in drug production are typically involved in a range of criminal activity, and the profits from illegal drugs are used to fund other forms of crime. Crime associated with cannabis cultivation is very often violent, with direct links to the criminal use of firearms, and those behind these operations frequently exploit young and vulnerable people.”

At one property on Staveley Street, officers found 55 mature plants and 115 smaller plants in three rooms of the house. In another, around 200 mature plants were found in three rooms.

At a property on Victoria Road, there were around 60 plants seized after being found growing in three rooms, and at a property on Princes Crescent, 60 smaller cannabis plants were recovered from a single room.

A 20-year-old Doncaster man has been arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis and possession of drugs and is currently in police custody.

DI Smith continued: “Every property had evidence that electricity supply had been bypassed and tampered with, an incredibly dangerous tactic that puts not only the lives of those within that property at risk, but could potentially pose a safety risk to other properties on the street.

“I hope that the Edlington community is reassured by the highly visible, targeted strike action today, and I want the rest of Doncaster to understand that this isn’t a singular event.

“We may have had some success today, but there is always more to do. Wherever we receive information or intelligence about individuals or groups engaging in illegal activity, we will seek to take action.”

If you have any information about suspected criminality in your area, you can call police on 101 or 999 if it is an emergency.

You can also give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers, either via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org – or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.

 ****

DI Steve Smith

> “Organised crime groups involved in drug production are typically involved in a range of criminal activity, and the profits from illegal drugs are used to fund other forms of crime. Crime associated with cannabis cultivation is very often violent, with direct links to the criminal use of firearms, and those behind these operations frequently exploit young and vulnerable people.”
