```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "The team searching for Sheffield\u2019s most wanted - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/the-team-searching-for-sheffield-s-most-wanted/
```

_Date published: 09 December 2020 17:27_

 _Dated: 09 December 2020 17:26:39_

In November, Sheffield’s Tasking Team arrested 63 people across the city, wanted by police for serious offences.

The team, made up of 12 officers, have a primary focus of locating offenders who are wanted for questioning or in connection with a range of crimes, including assaults, wounding and drugs offences.

One of their key priorities is arresting people who are linked to, or suspected of, domestic abuse offences.

Sergeant Nick Kean said: “Our team are often tasked with locating long-standing and dangerous offenders, these types of operations or warrants require a dedicated resource.

“As well as locating and arresting people wanted as part of ongoing investigations, we also carry out operations with the aim of disrupting organised crime in the city.

“In November, the team also carried out stop searches, these have led to a number of people being cautioned and reported on summons for drugs offences.

“The aim of this type of work is to be a deterrent and it also provides visible reassurance to communities in some parts of the city.

“Last month, as well as a large number of arrests, we also handed out fixed penalty notices and seized a number of vehicles.”

The team are also often deployed in the wake of serious incidents to assist with disruption activity and warrants at addresses.

Detective Inspector Andy Shields said: “The Tasking Team are the people you don’t really want to see at your door if you’re involved with criminality in the city.

“They work alongside lots of other teams to stop violent crime from happening and they’re intent on ensuring those wanted for some of the most serious offences are brought to justice.”
