```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: New team take hold in Page Hall - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/new-team-take-hold-in-page-hall/
```

_Date published: 23 December 2020 12:02_

 _Dated: 23 December 2020 12:01:41_

It’s three months since our new Page Hall team hit the ground running, with high visibility, enforcement activity taking place on the streets.

The team has been created after an uplift in officers in the North East of the city, which means there are now five neighbourhood officers and one sergeant dedicated to Page Hall and Shirecliffe.

Neighbourhood officers work alongside our response teams, but their purpose is to focus on longer-term problem solving in relation to crime and anti-social behaviour.

At the head of the team is Sergeant Tony Cartlidge, he said his priority is making sure officers are visible: “For me, the most important thing is having my officers out there, on the streets, in people’s faces. It’s about spending as much time as a shift allows, speaking to people, stopping vehicles and using enforcement where necessary.

“I am ensuring the team spend as much time on the beat as possible and getting to know their community; that is where the greatest gains can be made.
“If people see officers seizing cars and vans, knocking on doors – behaviour changes, there’s a consequence, not just a police vehicle driving through.

“Similarly, I know this area has garnered a lot of attention for suspected breaches in Covid regulations. My team will be working to ensure residents understand what restrictions are in place and why it is vital these are adhered to. I am hopeful that increased officer visibility will lead to greater compliance.”

Since they started work in October, the team have seized over fifty vehicles and issued 133 traffic offence reports (TORS) to tackle driving offences in the area, an issue regularly raised by residents.

They have also been utilising stop search powers, stopping over 100 individuals suspected of being involved in criminal activity.

Officers have also carried out three warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act, seizing several knives from a property and dismantling a significant cannabis set-up.

Sgt Cartlidge added: “Page Hall is a challenging place to police, it’s a really diverse community with lots of different groups of people all living alongside each other.

“In the past, there have been issues with people supporting the police and working with us. Over the last few months we have started to receive intelligence from within the community which has rarely happened before.

“When we started, people wouldn’t speak to us, now they approach us and want to talk about what we’re doing. That might seem like a small thing, but it ultimately means we can make things better.

“My priority is to deal with what issues fall under the remit of policing and the powers we have; crime and anti-social behaviour.

“Issues such as vehicle crime, violence, exploitation of vulnerable people, drugs offences, those are the things that we are working on and can take action around.”

Last month, the team carried out an operation in Osgathorpe Park after concerns about the safety of park users were raised.

Work is ongoing to bolster the existing multi-agency approach, with officers working closely with Sheffield City Council’s Environmental Services and Housing Teams, who are responsible for dealing with fly-tipping, housing issues and noise.

The team are also keen to address the prolific sharing of images and footage of the area on social media, Sergeant Cartlidge said: “I know it’s easy to share things online, but we are finding that more often than not, these incidents are not reported to the police.

“It is so important that you tell us things, so that we can act on this information and take necessary action.”

“If you pass information on via 101, or online reporting, this increases arrest opportunities, it means we get there quicker and that we can look at longer term solutions.

“Unfortunately posting it on social media, doesn’t have the same effect. So, before you share it with your friends, share it with the police.”

Sergeant Cartlidge has worked right across South Yorkshire during his career, including parts of Rotherham and as a response officer in Sheffield.

He added: “Our priority in Page Hall is to make sure people feel safe and are being listened to, we have to take it step by step, but I hope that we soon see a shift in attitudes.

“We have already had some good feedback from local people, who are pleased to see nuisance vehicles off the street and things happening. I want this to continue, it can if we work together.”

You can follow the team by searching Sheffield North East Neighbourhood Team on Facebook and Twitter.
