```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Doncaster District Commander thanks community for staying home and staying safe - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/april-2020/doncaster-district-commander-thanks-community-for-staying-home-and-staying-safe/
```

_Date published: 30 April 2020 13:31_

 _Dated: 17 April 2020 16:42:39_

As the weekend begins District Commander for Doncaster, Chief Superintendent Shaun Morley has thanked local residents for continuing to work together in the fight against COVID-19.

Ch Supt Morley said “I understand that the last three weeks have been tough for many of you. Not being able to visit friends and family, having children at home who may not fully understand what is happening and the pressure that these uncertain times can bring is a difficult combination of circumstances to navigate.

“Despite all of this, most of the Doncaster community have stayed at home, even when the sun has come out and the temptation to visit local parks and beauty spots has been great. I know it can’t have been easy to stay away so from me, and my officers, I’d like to say a huge and heartfelt thank you.

“If we stay at home, we will save lives and protect our NHS. This lockdown is not forever, although I’m sure at times it can feel like it. If we continue to only go outside for health reasons or work - but only if you can’t work from home - and not meet others, even friends and family we will come through this together.

“Please remember that you can spread the virus even if you don’t have symptoms.

“We are still here working hard to keep you safe and if you have any concerns that you’d like to talk to a local officer about you can find out how to get in touch with your Neighbourhood Team by visiting our website and scrolling down to the ‘What’s happening in your area?’ section.

“You can also sign up for alerts from your local team. SYP Alerts is a messaging system brought to you by South Yorkshire Police for our communities. By registering, you can choose to receive news and appeals, local crime information and/or prevention advice – direct to you by email, text or voice message.

“Registering for alerts is completely free and once you have signed-up, you can chose how you want to receive the messages and what you want to receive messages about.”
