```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Do you own a keyless entry van or car? - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/do-you-own-a-keyless-entry-van-or-car/
```

_Date published: 01 February 2021 09:57_

 _Dated: 01 February 2021 09:56:59_

Over the last few months we have seen an increase in the number of thefts of vehicles which operate with keyless entry. Between 7 December and 10 January, we received 101 reports of vehicles being stolen without the key in South Yorkshire.

Yep, that means being driven away from your drive, without a broken window in sight.

How do thieves do it?

Our Force Lead for Serious Acquisitive Crime, Detective Chief Inspector Jamie Henderson explains: “Cars with keyless entry unlock automatically when the fob comes within a short range. Relay theft occurs when a device is used to trick the car into thinking the fob is nearby, the car unlocks, and the ignition can be started.”

It’s not just cars that are being targeted, 35 per cent of the thefts above were of Transit vans, a popular choice if there’s a chance of tools inside too.

Our teams across the force are working relentlessly to trace those responsible and the vehicles stolen.

DCI Henderson continues:

“Out of the 101 cars stolen in the time period mentioned, we have recovered 31 of them, one was down in London and the other was spotted in West Yorkshire. We’ve got patrols and covert operations happening in hotspot areas and we’re also liaising with other forces.

“We’ve already made a number of arrests in connection with the thefts.”

But what can you do?

We know they’re a blast from the past, but one of the best weapons in the fight against keyless car thieves? The humble steering wheel lock…

You can also buy signal blocking pouches which block any wireless signals such as cloning devices, these are a cheap, but valuable tool to protect your vehicle.
