```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Precious pet Peggy reunited with owner - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/precious-pet-peggy-reunited-with-owner/
```

_Date published: 24 February 2021 09:29_

 _Dated: 24 February 2021 09:24:12_

Officers in Barnsley have reunited a dog and her owner following a burglary last November.

Dogs become part of your family and we understand the heartbreak it causes when they go missing or are stolen and will, where possible follow all lines of enquiries to ensure they are returned to their owners.

On 10 November 2020 officers responded to reports of a burglary on College Terrace in Darfield, where two dogs, including a black Patterdale Terrier called Peggy were stolen.

A few months later, the Barnsley South Neighbourhood Team were carrying out enquiries with West Yorkshire Police when an officer spotted a familiar looking dog…

Barnsley South Neighbourhood Sergeant Rebecca Fleming explains more: “Our officer spotted Peggy, recognising her from photos provided by the family, and with a little encouragement managed to get her into the back of the police car; it’s a daunting ride for anyone!

“The officer took Peggy back to Darfield where her owner was able to identify her straight away. A little shaken from the ordeal Peggy eventually relaxed and realised she was back home where she was loved.
“We all love a happy ending!”

During the Covid-19 pandemic dog thefts have increased across the UK. We are urging everyone with a dog to be vigilant to ensure their dog’s safety. Dog thefts can often be linked to organised crime groups as a way of making money as the demand for dogs has significantly increase.

Please take steps to keep your dog safe and out of the hands of criminals.

Never leave your pet tied-up unattended, such as outside shops

Make sure your dog is wearing a collar and ID tag when in a public place, as you are now required to do by law. Include your surname, telephone number, address and full post code and if there’s room, put ‘microchipped’ on the tag if your dog has a chip.

Ensure your dog can be permanently identified by its microchip and check with your vet every year that details are up to date.

Keep all documentation relating to your dog(s) in a safe place. Include clear photos of front and side profiles of your dog, making a note of any unusual markings.

Use a registered boarding kennel or professional dog carer with documentation to this effect unless you know someone who is trustworthy that will care for your dog in your absence.

Train your dog not to go out of your sight on walks, use an extending lead if the dog does not comply. Vary your walk times and routes.

Beware of strangers who show interest in your dog: don’t give details about your dog, don’t allow strangers to have their photograph taken with your dog.

Ensure your garden or yard is secure. Check it regularly for wear and tear or gaps. It should keep your dog in and trespassers out. Keep your dog in view when it goes out into the garden, don’t leave it unattended.

If you believe your dog has been stolen always report it to the police via 101 and also report it to your Local Authority’s Dog Warden service, local vets and rescue centres.

If your dog is microchipped, report it to the microchip company and register it as lost or stolen. This will give you a better chance of being reunited with it if it is found."

*A 22 year old man has been charged with burglary in connection to this incident
