```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Beware of Amazon telephone fraud - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/beware-of-amazon-telephone-fraud/
```

_Date published: 30 March 2021 11:30_

 _Dated: 30 March 2021 12:28:59_

South Yorkshire residents are being warned about an Amazon scam call which is targeting people in our area.

We have become aware of a number of residents who have had calls from criminals claiming to be from Amazon and stating there has been unusual activity on the victim's account.

The fraudster claims the victim owes money to Amazon. This is a way of tricking the victim into giving the fraudster access to or control of their computer.

PC Vicki Arrowsmith from the force's Fraud Co-ordination Team said: "Amazon-related scams have been circulating for some time now but from the reports we have received it appears to be a particular trend in South Yorkshire over the last couple of weeks.

"Once the fraudster has taken control of the victim's computer, they are able to access their bank account and make applications for loans using the victim's details.

"In some cases, the suspect has also informed the victims that they have taken control of their webcam and know their address, adding to their distress.

"It's really important that everyone spreads the word about this scam to prevent anyone else from falling for it. If you think you have been a victim, please report it to Action Fraud, the national fraud reporting centre, at actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040."

 **STAY SAFE**

 * Personal information: Always question uninvited approaches in case it's a scam. Instead, contact the company directly using a known email address or phone number.

 * Stay in control: Have the confidence to refuse unusual requests for personal or financial information. It's easy to feel embarrassed when faced with unexpected or complex conversations. But it's OK to stop the discussion if you do not feel in control of it.

 * Remote access: Never install any software or visit a website as a result of a cold call. Unsolicited requests for remote access to your computer should always raise a red flag.
