```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Officer inspires children to become police officers - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/officer-inspires-children-to-become-police-officers/
```

_Date published: 12 February 2021 10:12_

 _Dated: 12 February 2021 10:04:35_

A police officer from Sheffield has delivered a talk to children about her role and working for the police; inspiring our next generation of recruits to sign up and protect their communities.

Last week (4 February) PC Lindsey Howard delivered an online learning session to the year two and three pupils of Barugh Green Primary School Barnsley as their education during lockdown continues.

PC Howard told the children about her role as a police officer, how she helps people and protects those in her community. She then answered any questions the children had.

The teacher of the class praised PC Howard for being ‘professional, informative and as exciting as a Cbeebies presenter’. As a thank you to her, the children each created her a thank you card.

Sergeant Joanne Batty said: “It is incredibly important to teach your children about the emergency services and how they help people, and when the time is right how to call 999 and ask for help.

“While in lockdown and home schooling your children please consider it as one of your lessons. There are lots of interactive online learning sessions you can use and we always love to see their creations and colourings.

“A huge thank you to PC Howard for getting involved and inspiring the little ones of South Yorkshire.”

Resources for your children can be found on our colleagues websites at Kent Police and Yorkshire Ambulance Service.
