```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Help us put a stop to exploitation - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/help-us-put-a-stop-to-exploitation/
```

_Date published: 18 March 2021 08:37_

 _Dated: 18 March 2021 08:37:25_

Anyone can be at risk of exploitation, and it can have a devastating impact, particularly on young people.

Today (18 March) marks National Child Exploitation Awareness Day, and we at South Yorkshire Police are wanting to ensure as many people as possible are aware of the early warning signs that indicate a child could be being exploited. We’re now hopefully nearing the end of a significant period of isolation, where children have been out of their usual routine, away from their friends, and probably spending a lot more time online.

Now that children are back at school and beginning to socialise again, there are some real opportunities for people to spot the signs that something isn’t right.

Temporary Detective Chief Inspector Rob Platts explains more, he said: “Children are vulnerable and can be exploited for a number of different reasons. They can be coerced to carry out the work of organised crime gangs, by being recruited to transport drugs for example, or they can be exploited and trafficked for sexual reasons. Criminals will seek to exploit children and very often, victims don’t realise they’re being targeted.”

“Perpetrators can groom children by promising to fulfil a ‘want’ or ‘need’. They may target someone who may not have a lot of money, or many friends, so the child welcomes the additional ‘friendship’ or extra money that this brings. They can be given gifts, such as new mobile phones or expensive clothes and made to feel more popular amongst their peers. Importantly however, irrespective of their background, any child can be at risk of exploitation.”

Often, the behavioural signs that a young person is being exploited appear before the physical ones do. Early signs to look for are:
\- Becoming isolated or withdrawn from social networks and not mixing with their usual friends
\- Regularly coming home late or going missing from home
\- Exclusion or repeated unexplained absences from school
\- Becoming involved in crime or repeat offending
\- Being defensive and aggressive when asked where they have been and what they have been doing
\- Becoming secretive or withdrawn
\- Being in possession of unexplained money or receiving expensive gifts such as designer clothes or a new mobile phone.

T/DCI Platts continued: “Tackling exploitation cannot be done by just police alone, we need to work closely with partners so to ensure everything possible is being done to safeguard children, identify perpetrators and bring offenders to justice. Overall we need to stop the exploitation of children taking place.”

South Yorkshire Police in partnership with the National Child Exploitation Awareness Day want everyone who has any contact with children, either professionally or through being a parent, carer or relative to come on-board and learn about what to look for to help keep children safe . Not just today – but every day.

If you are worried about someone, the most important thing to do is to speak to someone, that could be the police, a trusted adult or a parent or carer. You can also speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
