```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Appeal for information after burglary at pensioner's home - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/appeal-for-information-after-burglary-at-pensioners-home/
```

_Date published: 06 February 2021 23:31_

 _Dated: 06 February 2021 23:30:34_

Earlier this evening we received reports of a burglary at a pensioner’s home in Rotherham, where large amounts of jewellery was stolen.

Can you help our officers find those responsible?

The burglary was reported to have happened at around 6.30pm in the Hooton Lane area of Ravenfield (6 February).

Four unknown offenders broke into a property whilst it’s occupant, a lady in her mid 70s was asleep, they woke her up, forced her to open her safe and stole a significant amount of jewellery. The offenders also made her remove jewellery she was wearing before ransacking her home.

Detectives are asking anyone who might have been in the area at the time and saw any vehicles parked up or acting suspiciously close to Hooton Lane to contact them.

Detective Constable Paul McIntyre from Rotherham CID said: “This has been a really distressing incident for the victim and we are urgently carrying out enquiries to identify those responsible.

“I’d really like to hear from anyone who was in the Hooton Lane area this evening between 6.30pm and 7.30pm and might have noticed any vehicles they don’t usually see in the area, either parked up or acting suspiciously.

“If you can help with any information, please don’t delay in contacting us on 101, through crimestoppers or making a report through our online portal; quote incident number 832 of 6 February.”
