```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Officers grant local girl\u2019s Christmas wish - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/officers-grant-local-girl-s-christmas-wish/
```

_Date published: 21 December 2020 15:42_

 _Dated: 21 December 2020 15:35:42_

Officers from our Airport Policing Group have helped grant the Christmas wish of a Doncaster teenager!

Emily Richards, 15, from Town Moor in Doncaster is described as being ‘police mad’ and ‘obsessed with police cars’. This year Emily asked her parents Allison and Wayne to let Santa know that all she wants for Christmas is to be arrested!

Emily spent the first seven Christmases of her life in hospital after being born with Down Syndrome. After a difficult year, we wanted to make sure that Emily’s 2020 Christmas was one to remember where her wishes come true.

Today (21 December) Sergeant Gordon Sitch, officers Karen Stebel and Tim Croson from the Airport Policing Group attended Emily’s home with blue lights and sirens.

Due to Covid-19 officers couldn’t arrest Emily and had to stick to a safe 2m distance, but she did have the chance to sit inside a police car, press the lights and sirens and chat with our officers.

Chief Constable Stephen Watson gifted Emily some police memorabilia, including a plaque, a badge and a traditional police helmet for her to remember her visit.

Sergeant Gordon Sitch said: “We have had a lovely afternoon making Emily’s Christmas wish come true. Seeing the excitement on her face is what Christmas is all about.

“We wish the Richards family a wonderful Christmas.”

Dad Wayne said: “The visit was fantastic and made her day! Thank you and Merry Christmas!” ”
Merry Christmas Emily and family.
