```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Family of Barnsley murder victim appeals for answers from local community - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/april-2021/family-of-barnsley-murder-victim-appeals-for-answers-from-local-community/
```

_Date published: 01 April 2021 13:17_

 _Dated: 01 April 2021 14:16:29_

The family of murder victim Stafford Garner has urged those with information to come forward with the answers they so desperately need, almost a year since the 46-year-old was found seriously injured.

Mr Garner was found by paramedics at his home in Thurnscoe exactly 12 months ago tomorrow on Thursday 2 April 2020.

Since that day, his family’s life has never been the same again and they are appealing to anyone with information about what happened to get in touch.

In a statement released today, Mr Garner’s family said: “The last 12 months have been incredibly difficult for us as a family, it still doesn’t feel real that Stafford isn’t with us anymore. The milestones that are normally celebrated – birthdays, Christmas, new jobs and so on are all just a reminder that life is moving on without Staf.

“We need to know what happened to him so that we can start to re-build our lives. Please, if you know anything at all, just come forward and tell somebody. If you don’t want to speak directly to the police, there are other ways. The most important thing is that you tell somebody what you know.”

Mr Garner was found at his home in Monsal Street, Thurnscoe, at around 4.40pm on Thursday 2 April last year. He was taken to hospital where he remained in a critical condition until his death on Sunday 5 April.

Two men aged 30 and 42 were arrested on suspicion of murder and subsequently released under investigation. Three other men who were also arrested on suspicion of murder are no longer being linked to this investigation.

> “We need to know what happened to him so that we can start to re-build our lives. Please, if you know anything at all, just come forward and tell somebody. If you don’t want to speak directly to the police, there are other ways. The most important thing is that you tell somebody what you know.”

Detective Chief Inspector Simon Palmer, leading the investigation, said: “We now believe that Stafford was assaulted in his home some time on Tuesday 31 March before being discovered two days later, on Thursday 2 April.

“Despite the best efforts of the paramedics who were first to the scene and those who treated him in hospital, very sadly he lost his life on Sunday 5 April.

“Thurnscoe is a small and very tight-knit community. I believe there is somebody in the area who knows what happened to Stafford, and today I am appealing directly to them to come forward and tell us what they know.

“Were you on Monsal Street on Tuesday 31 March 2020? Did you see anyone, on foot or in a car who may be able to help with our enquiry? Do you know who was with Stafford when he was assaulted? Any information, no matter how small could make the difference.
“We have a family which has been devastated by Stafford’s death, children who have lost their Dad. They deserve answers.”

If you can help, please call 101 quoting incident number 494 of 2 April 2020.

To submit information online directly to the investigation team, head to the Major Incident Public Portal here

You can also give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via their website or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
