```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Sheffield Command Team thank public for patience in 2020 - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/sheffield-command-team-thank-public-for-patience-in-2020/
```

_Date published: 29 December 2020 09:00_

 _Dated: 29 December 2020 09:00:00_

Sheffield’s three superintendents have thanked the public for their patience, support and steel city spirit in 2020 as they look ahead to the new year.

Superintendents Simon Verrall, Martin Tate and Mark James are part of the Sheffield District Command Team, in charge of overseeing policing across the city.

Their responsibilities include neighbourhood policing, tackling serious and organised crime and ensuring that resources get to the right place at the right time.

Reflecting on the past 12 months, Superintendent Mark James said: “Our priority this year has been making sure that the community feel supported, that our frontline is firm and that our service is unwavering. It is down to our fantastic workforce, and their families, that we have achieved that.

“However, the public have also made huge sacrifices to ensure we can continue with our vital, day to day, work. The majority of people living in this city have risen to every challenge thrown at them, and for that, we really do thank you.”

The pandemic has created new challenges for policing, but work on key issues and concerns will continue into the new year.

After a number of firearms discharges in the city, disrupting serious organised crime is a priority in 2021, as Superintendent Martin Tate explains: “I want to reassure you that we have been and will continue to take action against those involved in violence or drug related criminality. We have dedicated and specialist teams leading on disruption, which has already seen us seize weapons and make arrests.

“To prevent this type of crime, it is vital we have your support, people are already providing us with intelligence, but we always need more.

“Keep talking to us and we can help keep our communities safe, vibrant places to live.

“I’d also like to mention our ongoing commitment to protect the most vulnerable; those who are living in abusive relationships and young people at risk of exploitation.

“This area of work continues to grow, so we must be dynamic in our response, using technology to connect with victims such as new online reporting tools, and upskilling officers to intervene earlier.”

Neighbourhood policing has undergone significant investment in the last few months, with Sheffield welcoming new officers under the Police Now programme.

It is hoped this uplift will make a big difference, as Superintendent Simon Verrall explains: “Our new officers are now on the streets and they are already having an impact with their fresh eyes, ears and ideas. I am excited to see what they can achieve and what problems they can help solve.

“These officers have meant we can strengthen our teams in areas such as Page Hall, where issues with anti-social behaviour have been well-publicised. Be assured we are there, and we are tackling what matters to you.”

As our neighbourhood teams grow in numbers, so do those of our partner agencies, with plans for new links with Sheffield City Council’s local teams in the pipeline for the next few months.

Supt Verrall added: “The last year has put our communities under great strain, but despite this, so many of them have flourished, my message to everyone is let’s continue this.

“You might not realise it, but you do have a local policing team, look out for them, say hello, find out who they are and let’s work together.”

There is no doubt that the new year will continue to throw challenges at South Yorkshire, but plans are in place to balance policing of restrictions and continue our daily work.

Supt James, who oversees response policing in the city, added: “Every year we remind people that Christmas isn’t always a happy time; it feels even more relevant this year. Not everyone’s bubble will be one of safety and with alcohol flowing at home, the vulnerable may be even more vulnerable.

“I want to reassure you that my officers are here, we’re not closed for Christmas and we aren’t going anywhere. If you, or someone you know, needs us, pick up that phone.

“As the public looks to 2021 with hope, we do too, we’re right there beside you.”

From the entire Sheffield Command Team, Merry Christmas.
