```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Domestic abuse doesn\u2019t stop for Christmas - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/domestic-abuse-doesn-t-stop-for-christmas/
```

_Date published: 14 December 2020 14:16_

 _Dated: 14 December 2020 12:15:25_

For lots of us, Christmas lights, shopping trips and songs on the radio, signal the start of one of the loveliest times of the year.

Sadly, this isn’t the same for everyone.

Every year police forces across the UK see a spike in incidents of domestic abuse around Christmas.

Over this period, increased alcohol consumption and pressure within families can lead to physical violence within relationships.

It can also be the catalyst for sexual or psychological abuse.

Domestic abuse isn’t just physical; coercive and controlling behaviour is now a criminal offence.

Force Lead for Domestic Abuse, T/Ch Supt Shelley Hemsley said: “Coercive and controlling behaviour creates fear within a relationship, this is not normal.

“Examples might be a partner saying who you can and can’t see, telling you what you wear, checking your bank accounts, taking your phone away or stopping you seeing your family.

“Are you worried about being alone with your husband, wife or partner this Christmas?

“Are you spending your holiday in a family bubble with someone who you’re scared of?

“I’d urge you to seek help and support now, we are here for you.

“Controlling behaviour can often lead to other forms of abuse, but it’s also an offence in its own right. If you’re concerned, it’s always worth speaking to someone.”

Domestic abuse doesn’t just happen in romantic relationships, it happens between relatives, siblings or parents and children.

T/Ch Supt Hemsley said: “If you are spending time with family members this Christmas, look out for signs they may be living with abuse.

“Not just physical signs, but are they saying something about a relationship that sounds unusual? Or something that doesn’t sound normal to you?

“As a friend, colleague or family member, you can seek help and advice on their behalf. Please do call us, or one of the many organisations that will be working all Christmas.

“It’s been a challenging year, but what we can offer victims of abuse has not changed. We are here for you, we can listen, and we can take action.”

As a force, we have continued to strengthen our response to domestic abuse throughout 2020, we have developed a new online reporting tool, for domestic abuse incidents and we’re also rolling out an innovative new training programme for all first responders.

If you are in immediate danger, always call 999.

If you ring **999** and are not in a safe position to speak to us, press **55**. This will notify the operation and they will transfer your call to the right police force. Our staff will listen to the call and assess the situation based on what they can hear in the background. We will then get the right people to you.

If you don’t feel comfortable speaking to police, or you’re concerned about a friend or family member and want some advice, there are some fantastic helplines both locally and nationally that are there to help:

You can contact:

Women’s Aid, who hold a web chat between 10am and noon Monday to Friday
24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline – 0808 2000 247
Mankind Initiative – for male victims of domestic abuse, their helpline 01823 334 244 is available Monday to Friday 10am to 4pm
Galop – LGBT+ anti-violence charity who can be contacted Monday to Friday between 10am and 5pm on 0800 999 5428. You can also make referrals online.
Karma Nirvana – support line available Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm on 0800 599 9247.

You can find more information HERE
