```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Online reporting portal launched within South Yorkshire - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/online-reporting-portal-launched-within-south-yorkshire/
```

_Date published: 05 February 2021 08:37_

 _Dated: 04 February 2021 09:28:59_

South Yorkshire residents are now able to contact the police in more ways than ever before, after South Yorkshire Police launched an online reporting portal to enhance its digital offering.

The online portal, which can be accessed through the Report Something page of the SYP website, houses 50 reporting forms and provides the ability to live chat with the force for the first time. In addition to this, residents can log on to the portal to track the status of their previous reports and read supporting knowledge items relating to incidents.

To manage communications made via the portal, the force has invested in a new Digital Desk team within its contact centre, Atlas Court. The team will dedicate their time to contact made on the portal, ensuring that those who report online receive assistance 24 hours a day, every day of the week.

Assistant Chief Constable David Hartley, Senior Responsible Officer for the online portal, commented on its launch: “We are delighted to launch the online portal. As a force we are committed to improving our offering to our communities, and our new portal will make it easier than ever before for our customers to make contact with us.

“The portal and all aspects of its functionality will be available and monitored 24/7, the same as our other services, and we are confident this will bring a wealth of benefits to the public of South Yorkshire.”

The online portal makes reporting to the force easier than ever before, with 50 reporting forms available covering topics on animal & wildlife, antisocial behaviour, environmental issues, road & traffic issues, sexual incidents, burglary, damage & theft, violence related incidents and welfare & suspicious incidents. Each form has a supporting knowledge bank item for members of the public to read about their issue and understand the best way to proceed with reporting.

The portal was launched in November 2020, and since then has been used successfully on a number of occasions, including one when a victim contacted the force asking for help after being threatened. The victim filled in the online form - as she was unable to make a phone call without the offender becoming aware - and officers were deployed to the scene. Colleagues on the Digital Desk stayed on a webchat with the victim, offering further reassurance until officers arrived.

To access the portal visit www.southyorks.police.uk/contact-us/report-something Customers must first register for an account to use the portal. Registration is required to ensure contact details are available should an incident need to be investigated further.
