```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Barnsley landlords join the fight against cannabis cultivation - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/july-2020/barnsley-landlords-join-the-fight-against-cannabis-cultivation/
```

_Date published: 25 July 2020 11:34_

 _Dated: 21 July 2020 11:18:46_

Landlords in Barnsley are joining the fight against properties being used for growing cannabis as they sign up to the ‘Cannabis Aware Scheme’.

The Cannabis Aware Scheme has been created by officers in Barnsley to ensure that landlords are actively preventing people renting their properties for the use of drug production.

PC Paul Davies who has set up the scheme in partnership with Barnsley Council explains more, he said: “The scheme is designed to prompt landlords into asking questions that may raise concerns and help identify those who are only looking for a property to grow cannabis.

“As well as questions, the scheme asks landlords to commit to checking their properties every eight to ten weeks. A regular check-in ensures that there is not enough time to grow a crop without it being noticed.”

The scheme launches across Barnsley today (21 June) and over the coming weeks will see landlords signing up the initiative and promoting that they are part of the scheme.

Landlords will be given a sticker to promote in the windows of their properties to act as a deterrent.

Communities are also being urged to continue to report concerns via 101 to help officers take action.

PC Davies added: “We know everyone has different opinion on cannabis and its uses, however, it is a Class B drug and those involved in growing and selling cannabis are often either being exploited or have links to serious organised crime, that has a devastating impact on our communities.

“As part of the scheme we are asking communities to ensure they are being vigilant with the properties on their streets and if you are concerned about a property being used for drug purposes, you call 101.

“It may feel that we do not act upon your call or intelligence straight away, but sometimes time is needed to gather further intelligence or gain a warrant for access.”

Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council are supporting the scheme, Councillor Jenny Platts, Barnsley Council’s Cabinet Spokesperson for Communities, said: “We’re pleased to join forces with South Yorkshire Police and support this scheme as we continue to work together to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour in the borough to make it a safe place for people to live, work and visit.

“We want landlords to be vigilant in checking their properties to make sure they are not being used for the growth or cultivation of cannabis as some individuals target properties to use them solely for the production of cannabis.

“PC Paul Davies will continue to work with our multi-agency shared accommodation team, focusing specifically on private rented sector housing across the borough as we look to tackle this issue.

“I echo Paul’s comments and urge anyone with concerns about a property being used for drug purposes to call 101.”

The stickers that will be displayed in the windows of properties
