```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Off Road Bike Team help protect local moorland - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/off-road-bike-team-help-protect-local-moorland/
```

_Date published: 17 December 2020 19:54_

 _Dated: 17 December 2020 19:48:30_

Officers from our off-road bike team have stepped up their patrols of the moorland, bordering Sheffield and Derbyshire following an increase in calls reporting anti-social driving.

Houndskirk Moor and Stanage Edge, Burbage Edge and Higger Tor is policed by South Yorkshire Police and Derbyshire Constabulary, and we are asking those who enjoy the area to work with us to ensure it stays beautiful and useable for years to come.

Over the past couple of weeks, call handlers have seen an increase in calls from farmers, reporting theft and criminal damage and concerned members of the public about people’s driving manner.

Off-Road Officers have been patrolling the terrain of HoundKirk Moor due to reports of both off-road motorcycles and 4X4 vehicles being reported as deviating from the legal routes and causing damage to protected areas of the moorland.

Roads Policing Sergeant Matt Duffy explains more; “We understand people’s passion for driving and riding on unsurfaced roads however, this needs to be conducted legally and with respect to others using these routes to ensure it is safe and respectful to all.

“We will not tolerate those who intentionally leave the designated areas and cause damage to protected moorland and countryside, including protected habitats and breeding areas for ground nesting birds.

“The area is there for everyone to enjoy, including walkers, cyclists and horse riders, if the land is damaged it makes it hard for people to gain access.”

Our off road motorcycle policing team will be patrolling these areas to deter anti-social and criminal use of vehicles, detect and prevent crime and signpost legal users to legal routes. The ultimate aim to ensure the safety of all users of these routes.

Sergeant Duffy added: “We are asking that you work with us, if you see 4X4 vehicles, quads or bikes being driven on non-permitted routes or in an anti-social manner, please report it to 101 and include as much description and detail as possible, including registration plates, colour makes and models.

“We will continue to work with the Peak District National Park to protect the land.”
