```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Force Awards 2020 - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/force-awards-2020/
```

_Date published: 21 December 2020 11:23_

 _Dated: 21 December 2020 11:22:04_

 **Two frontline officers who rescued a mother and her children from a flat fire, a detective who works tirelessly for victims of abuse and the team which has prevented criminals smuggling prohibited items into prison have all been celebrated as part of the annual South Yorkshire Police Force Awards.**

With no awards ceremony this year, our winners were instead surprised at work and revealed to the rest of the force virtually, for their colleagues to share the excitement. The awards recognise the range of dedicated police work across South Yorkshire in a variety of categories.

Assistant Chief Constable Lauren Poultney said: “The awards are an opportunity to celebrate and showcase the fantastic work of our officers and staff, who work incredibly hard to serve the people of Sheffield, Doncaster, Rotherham and Barnsley every single day.

“It’s important we recognise when colleagues have gone above and beyond to secure excellent results, protect the vulnerable, and get the justice that victims deserve.”

Officers and staff were celebrated in 20 different categories, and there was also recognition for two members of the public who have made a difference to their community in 2020.

This year’s Bravery Award went to Rotherham response officers **PC Luke Bugdol and PC Emma Addis.**

Earlier this year, the duo were attending an incident in Masborough, Rotherham when they noticed smoke billowing from the stairwell of a nearby block of flats.

After trying to extinguish the fire, which was engulfing the first-floor landing, the pair became concerned that there were people inside a flat and decided to force their way in.

Inside were a woman, a four-week-old baby and two children who were terrified by the blaze. The officers managed to evacuate the property, first wrapping the family in towels to protect them from the smoke and flames.

PC Bugdol carried the two older children over his shoulders to safety, whilst PC Addis escorted the mother and her baby down the smoke-filled stairwell.

Both officers suffered severe effects of smoke inhalation and received oxygen at the scene from paramedics, before being taken to hospital.

Chief Superintendent Steve Chapman, District Commander for Rotherham, said: “The award speaks for itself, and is given to a pair of response officers, who have the courage of lions. I cannot imagine how relieved this family was to see our officers that day. PCs Bugdol and Addis very much deserve this award.”

The winner of this year’s Victim Care Award was **Detective Sergeant Adrienne Sheekey** from the Barnsley Domestic Abuse Team.

DS Sheekey was nominated by her colleagues for her dedication to the victims she works with. They described her as inspiring and exceeding standards in every way.

She was commended for her work around a recent rape investigation when the victim had wished to read their own statement in court.

Unfortunately, Covid-19 meant this wasn’t possible, but such was the victim’s trust in DS Sheekey, they allowed her to read it on their behalf. This was described by the judges as a ‘powerful demonstration of faith in Adrienne personally, and South Yorkshire Police.”

This was just one example in which DS Sheekey had demonstrated exceptional support for vulnerable victims of crime.

Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman, District Commander for Barnsley, said: “Adie is a dedicated, caring, supportive and tenacious officer, who relentlessly commits herself to safeguarding victims of domestic abuse. She is also a force of nature and does not let anything stand in her way, I am very proud of her.”

The coveted Police Officer of the Year Award went to **PC Michael Patton** from Doncaster, who was described as having played a part in saving more lives in 2020 than most officers will in a career.

PC Patton was a South Yorkshire Police cadet and then a special constable with the British Transport Police before joining as a regular officer.

In March, he was first on the scene when an elderly woman had fallen from a building. As well as dealing with a difficult scene, PC Patton came into work early the following day so he could personally meet the woman’s family, who praised his dedication to the job.

PC Patton was also commended for his actions after a woman had been stabbed during a domestic incident.

Chief Superintendent Mel Palin, District Commander for Doncaster said: “Michael is a credit to the service, demonstrating not only a commitment and drive to tackle crime but also a clear natural ability to make quick decisions which on occasions have saved people’s lives.”

The winner of the Investigations Team of the Year award was the force’s **Prison Crime Unit** , which is based in Doncaster.

The team is committed to tackling criminality centred on South Yorkshire’s prisons, including conspiracies to supply drugs and other prohibited items. Their work is critical to the safety of those within the prison service.

Our PCSO of the Year is **Everton Eschoe** , who was nominated for the fantastic work he does in Intake and Wheatley in Doncaster, especially during the pandemic.

As well as having antisocial behaviour at the top of his priority list, Everton has also ensured elderly people in his community have stayed safe and in touch with the outside world, even providing food and clothing for some of the most vulnerable.

Student Officer of the Year went to **PC Danielle Hardman** from Rotherham. Her nomination included countless comments from local businesses impressed by her response to recent burglaries and commercial crime.

This year, two members of the public also received awards for their contribution to the community.

 **Tobias Weller** from Sheffield was presented with the Community Spirit Award for his fantastic fundraising throughout lockdown, raising more than £150,000 for Sheffield Children’s Hospital.

Meanwhile, our Volunteer of the Year Award went to **Jean Whitehouse** from Barnsley for her work with Therapy Dogs UK. Before the pandemic, Jean and her dog Lumi were regular visitors to police stations in Barnsley to give our officers a much-needed boost.

 _Full list of winners:_

 **Bravery Award** \- PC Emma Addis and PC Luke Budgol, Rotherham

 **Cadet of the Year -** Ella Fryer

 **Colleague of the Year -** Maxine Sumner Powell, Custody

 **Community Spirit Award -** Tobias Weller

 **Enabling Team of the Year –** Performance and Governance Unit

 **Innovation Award** **–** PC Gavin Johnson, Fraud Co-ordination Team

 **Inspiring Leadership Award –** PC Rodney McEnery, Operational Support

 **Investigation Team of the Year -** Doncaster Prison Crime Unit

 **Investigator of the Year –** DC Belinda Dhami, Barnsley

 **Neighbourhood Team of the Year -** Sheffield North West Neighbourhood Team

 **Outstanding Problem-Solving Award -** Safer Neighbourhood Services PC Paul Davies, Barnsley

 **Partnership Award -** EPIC Project, Young People's Crime Prevention Programme, Doncaster

 **PCSO of the Year –** PCSO Everton Eschoe, Doncaster

 **Police Officer of the Year –** PC Michael Patton, Doncaster

 **Police Staff Member of the Year –** Fae Halstead, Corporate Communications

 **Response Team of the Year** E Group Barnsley, Churchfields and Wombwell

 **Special Constable of the Year -** Temporary Special Sergeant Jamie Jackson, Rotherham

 **Student Officer of the Year –** PC Danielle Hardman, Rotherham

 **Victim Care Award –** DS Adrienne Sheekey, Barnsley

 **Volunteer of the Year-** Jean Whitehouse and Lumi, Therapy Dogs UK, Barnsley
