```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Off-Road Bike Team scoop problem solving award - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/off-road-bike-team-scoop-problem-solving-award/
```

_Date published: 19 November 2020 12:53_

 _Dated: 19 November 2020 12:49:20_

In recognition of their commitment and dedication to tackling the county’s off-road bike problem, the Off-Road Bike Team have won the Problem Solving Award as part of the Operational Support Unit Awards.

Earlier this year, at the start of the national lockdown, our force’s control room saw an increase in calls relating to off-road bikes and the nuisance they cause.

To tackle the problem, the team doubled in size, welcoming seven new officers from across our districts. The increase in staffing resulted in daily patrols and increasing intelligence gathering to support focused operations.

Within a short space of time, we saw a dramatic decrease in calls from the public. We have also seen a massive increase in support from communities in supporting the team tackle the issue by identifying illegal riders from our new ‘off-road gallery’ and sharing details about any specific bikes who are being ridden anti-socially in certain areas.

The team created an action plan that would make best use of the resources they had available to them, prioritising the worst affected areas and working with each of the districts on a coordinated approach to target repeat offenders.

Off-road bike related issues often spike in summer; however the team’s preparation and hard work paid off. During May and June, the team made 11 arrests, recovered 49 vehicles, reported 12 people on summons and issued 102 warnings.

Operational Support Unit’s Superintendent Paul McCurry said: “As part of our first Operational Support Awards, the team won the category of ‘Problem Solving’.

“The team worked incredibly hard throughout summer to achieve some amazing results and they have showed no signs of slowing down.

“They have continued to take action against those who use our roads, beauty spots, and ruin people’s livelihoods and land through their reckless riding.

“Although the team focus on tackling those who use off-road bikes in an anti-social manner and in criminality, they also support the force with searching for missing people, assisting ambulance crews in locating injured patients and searching rural areas. Their work is vital and often helps to save lives. It was a pleasure to present the team with their award.”

Off-Road Bike Team Leader Simon Cooper said: "We are humbled and shocked to win an award for problem solving. This recognition has been presented out of the blue, it has caught all the team by surprise but is very much appreciated.

"We are continuing to work hard and create innovative ideas to tackle the off-road bike problem to keep our communities safe."

We are stronger with our communities and you can continue to help us in identifying those involved in off-road bike incidents through our online appeals album. Please continue to have a look and see if you can help identify those involved.
