```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Updated appeal following attempted robbery near Crystal Peaks - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/updated-appeal-following-attempted-robbery-near-crystal-peaks/
```

_Date published: 26 February 2021 16:28_

 _Dated: 26 February 2021 16:27:44_

Officers investigating an attempted robbery near Crystal Peaks in Sheffield, where a woman was threatened and asked to hand over her dog, have issued a further appeal for information.

At around 2pm on Monday 15 February, a woman in her 50s was driving along Waterthorpe Greenway when a van pulled up in front of her. The driver got out of the van and threatened the woman through the window of her car, before pulling her out of her vehicle.

He is believed to have demanded she hand over her dog, a Lhasa Apso, which was in the car at the time. When she refused, the man left the scene.

Two men, aged 30 and 33, were arrested yesterday in connection with the incident. They have since been released with no further action to be taken, having been ruled out of enquiries.

PC Sue Fox, investigating, said: “The location of this confrontation was in the lay-by, opposite Wickes and B&M, on Waterthorpe Greenway.

“If you think you might have been in the area at the time, please check your dash-cams, you might have captured the vehicles involved or the incident itself without realising.

“The victim has described the man who threatened her as having a local accent, and believes he was wearing a grey v-neck top and blue jeans.

“I know this incident has caused great distress, not only to the victim, but the wider public who have been sharing our appeals and updates online. I would like to reassure you that we are doing all that we can to trace the people responsible. We do not believe that it is linked to any other incidents at this time.”

PC Fox added: “I understand dog owners may be worried about any risk not only to themselves, but their pets, who are beloved members of their family, but I want to reassert that this type of incident is unusual.

“I know there is a lot of coverage in the press about the emerging trend of dog thefts nationally and it is a good time to check you have measures in place to protect your pets, and also report anything suspicious to us.

“Have you seen dubious-looking adverts for dogs online? Do you know someone who is selling or buying dogs all of a sudden? Consider whether it’s something we need to know about.”

Reports can be made by calling 101 quoting crime reference number 14/31351/21.

You can also make a report online using our new live chat function or online reporting forms by visiting our website.
