```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police Officer Recruitment Open Now - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/august-2020/police-officer-recruitment-open-now/
```

_Date published: 28 August 2020 08:54_

 _Dated: 28 August 2020 09:50:55_

### **South Yorkshire Police opens for police officer applications**

Today, Friday 28 August, South Yorkshire Police (SYP) once again opens up for applications for new police officers.

Continuing its biggest recruitment drive in living memory, SYP is encouraging applications from people across all communities and cultures, whatever your background – whether a school-leaver, a graduate or someone simply looking for a career change.

Chief Constable Stephen Watson QPM said: “A career in policing presents opportunities for fulfilment like no other. It is not an everyday office job. Your team will comprise people who routinely do what most others couldn’t or wouldn’t. You will be making a difference in protecting your community, bringing criminals to justice and by providing worthwhile support to people who might be experiencing great trauma.

“South Yorkshire Police, as one of our country’s larger and best performing forces, has access to a wide range of resources and specialisms. This means that we can offer a rich variety of career choices for those who are willing to rise to the challenge.

“Our force covers everything from rural and isolated communities through to the most complex inner city operating environments. You will never be bored, you will always be valued and needed, and you will have every opportunity to exploit your own personal talents and commitment in achieving huge personal satisfaction and professional growth.

“We are now actively recruiting 1400 officers over the next three years. This is an exciting time for SYP and it could be for you too. Joining the force will mean taking on a challenge that could change your life and the lives of those whom you will be working to protect.

“If our mission is something that you feel that you could contribute toward, I very much look forward to receiving your application and to welcoming you to our first class team.”

As part of SYP’s activity to encourage people to apply, a new campaign titled ‘Be the Future’ has been launched, featuring SYP officers in a variety of the different roles available across the force, from the mounted section to response and the off-road bike team.

There are now three new entry routes as part of the Policing Education Qualifications Framework, providing apprenticeship, existing degree holders or an option for those who want to study first. The opportunity to apply runs for four weeks from Friday 28 August, closing at midnight on Sunday 27 September.

Further information on the routes and how to apply can be found at www.southyorks.police.uk/bethefuture
