```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Come and join the SYP Alerts family in 2021 - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/come-and-join-the-syp-alerts-family-in-2021/
```

_Date published: 01 January 2021 10:30_

 _Dated: 01 January 2021 10:00:39_

It’s safe to say that 2020 was not what anyone had in mind this time last year, when we approached a new year and a new decade.

This time last year, we had around 25,000 people registered across South Yorkshire for SYP Alerts.

If you don’t know what SYP Alerts is, it’s our free community messaging service that lets you have direct communication with your neighbourhood policing officers and staff.

There's a short video below for some background.

In 2019, our SYP Alerts community grew significantly as our officers and staff went out and about speaking to local communities about the benefits of SYP Alerts, which lets us keep you posted about Pop In Police Stations and community events, as well as making you aware of any crimes reported in your area.

This year was challenging in so many ways, but had a massive impact on our neighbourhood teams being able to meet with you, their communities, face-to-face. Many of our engagement events were cancelled, our usual stalls in supermarkets and shopping centres gone, and community meetings replaced with online Zooms.

This meant our online and digital engagement became so much more important, including SYP Alerts.

We’re so incredibly grateful to everyone within our communities who signed up for SYP Alerts this year to stay in touch with our officers, to get local news and updates in a different way. Amazingly, over 10,000 of you decided to join up! This is a tremendous show of support and we thank all of you so much!

As we head into 2021, we know we still face certain challenges but we are hoping to get back to meeting with our communities once more. However, we’d still love for you to join us on SYP Alerts and receive online updates from your local team until we can meet face-to-face again.

It’s easy and free to register – head to www.sypalerts.co.uk and complete a short registration form.

Once you’ve registered, keep an eye on your email inbox as you’ll receive a verification email – this is to double check that you’ve given us the right details. You must verify your account before you can start receiving Alerts – if you don’t verify, your account will never activate and you won’t get any messages!

A big thank you once again to everyone who has shown their support for SYP Alerts this year, we look forward to growing our community even further in 2021!
