```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Man named as Mexborough murder inquiry continues - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/man-named-as-mexborough-murder-inquiry-continues/
```

_Date published: 13 January 2021 18:44_

 _Dated: 13 January 2021 18:31:14_

A 20-year-old man who died following a shooting in Mexborough on Monday (11 January) has today been named as Lewis Williams.

Mr Williams sadly died after suffering shotgun wounds during the incident on Wath Road.

A post-mortem examination carried out yesterday (12 January) concluded he died as a result of a shotgun wound to his neck and face.

His family members continue to be supported by specially trained officers and have asked for their privacy to be respected at this incredibly difficult time.

Five people have so far been arrested as part of the investigation. A 20-year-old man and two boys, aged 16 and 17, were yesterday arrested on suspicion of murder, along with a 20-year-old man, who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender.

This morning (13 January), a 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder.

They all remain in police custody at this time.

There will continue to be a large police presence in the area over the coming days as enquiries into Mr Williams’ death continue.

Detectives still want to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has any information which could help the investigation.

DCI James Axe, leading the investigation, said: “This was a horrific incident in which a young man has tragically lost his life.

“I want to thank those people who have already come forward with information, but I would also urge anyone who may know something to get in touch with us if they haven’t already.

"We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who may have been driving in the area of Wath Road at the time of the incident and may have dash cam footage.

“Please speak to any of the officers you see out conducting enquiries – that is what they are there for.

“If you would prefer, you can call us on 101 quoting incident number of 495 of 11 January 2021 if you can help.

“You can also speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”

You can submit dash cam footage via email to enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk – put the incident number in the email subject.

You can also provide information directly to the investigation team via the Major Incident Public Portal here.

Lewis Williams
