```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Investigation launched after man stabbed in Rotherham town centre - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/investigation-launched-after-man-stabbed-in-rotherham-town-centre/
```

_Date published: 01 April 2021 11:31_

 _Dated: 01 April 2021 12:30:42_

An investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed in Rotherham town centre last night (Wednesday 31 March).

Officers were called at around 10.15pm with reports that an 18 year-old man had been stabbed close to All Saint’s Square.

On arrival officers discovered that an 18-year-old woman has also been assaulted and had items stolen from her.

The man was taken to hospital with a stab wound to his abdomen, where he remains in a stable but critical condition.

The woman did not require medical treatment.

No arrests have been made at this time.

Detective Inspector Nina Jackson said: “Our enquiries so far suggest that this young man was injured during an attempted robbery.

“We believe that there was a series of confrontations outside the transport interchange and McDonalds before the victim was injured in All Saints Square. Witnesses reported seeing around three men leaving the scene and enquiries to identify them are progressing quickly.

“We are currently reviewing CCTV footage and speaking to witnesses, but I am urging anyone who has information about what happened to please contact us.

“We know there were a number of people in the area at the time who might have seen something or if you have received information that could help us trace the offenders, we’d like to hear from you.”

Please call 101 or make a report online quoting incident number 1225 of 31 March.
