```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: New horse Henry officially joins SYP - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/july-2020/new-horse-henry-officially-joins-syp/
```

_Date published: 25 July 2020 11:34_

 _Dated: 15 July 2020 10:59:45_

In June we gave a very big welcome to new horse Henry! Standing at 18 hands high, he immediately made a BIG impression.

All horses that join our mounted unit have to pass a four-week trial. This is to ensure that they have the temperament and potential to be a police horse - a demanding job with exposure to situations the average horse would never see.

Henry, who has now received his official police name of PH Hoyland arrived at the farm on Monday 8 June after successfully passing his vetting (an in-depth health check).

Henry is a five-year old Clydesdale, and a local lad, coming from Staincross Common in Barnsley.

Henry didn’t have to sit an exam or pass a test but during his trial he has had to demonstrate that he is brave, laid back and not fazed by what can be daunting and scary situations for horses.

PC Tracey Brown who has been riding Henry tells us more about how he has settled in, she said: “From the moment Henry arrived, it was like he had been here his whole life.

“He is a gentle giant with a soft and laid back nature. He is very sweet and loves attention.

“During his four weeks, we have put Henry through his paces, patrolling city and town centres, letting him take in all the sights, sounds and smells of a bustling area.
“He is inquisitive but not scared. He is still young and has a lot to learn, but he has great potential.”

Henry will now continue his career with his new friends at Ring Farm. You can continue to follow his progress through the SYP Operational Support Facebook and Twitter pages and the SYPHorses Instagram account.

PC Tracey Brown on PH Hoyland, aka Henry
