```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Hibo Wardere shares her traumatic experience of FGM - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/hibo-wardere-shares-her-traumatic-experience-of-fgm/
```

_Date published: 05 February 2021 11:14_

 _Dated: 05 February 2021 11:13:57_

Tomorrow (Saturday 6 February) marks the International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital Mutilation. Ahead of this important awareness event, we are sharing Hibo Wardere’s story of how she was subjected to FGM when she was only six-years-old.

The practise of FGM involves any procedure that removes part or all of the external female genitalia, or any procedure that involves injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons.

Hibo’s distressing testimony is important viewing to raise awareness of this crime, explains DARA Manager Suzanne Jackson: “This video is hard-hitting and will be difficult viewing for many of us, but it is vitally important that we continue to raise awareness of this barbaric form of child abuse.

“FGM is a serious and violent crime, which has significant and long-lasting effects on its victims – as Hibo’s experiences show. She explains how she continues to have flashbacks about what happened to her, highlighting the lifetime of both physical and psychological trauma victims of FGM suffer.”

Under the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003, it is illegal for FGM to be performed in the UK. It is also an offence for a UK national or UK resident to carry out FGM even outside the UK, or help and enable someone else to carry out FGM.

This applies even when the victim is taken to a country where this practice is legal. If convicted, the perpetrator can face up to 14 years in prison.

Suzanne continues: “This law exists to protect women and girls from serious harm and abuse. While we know FGM happens abroad, it is also happening here in the UK and we believe it remains an under-reported crime.

“This is especially so during the current pandemic, where many people have been at home for prolonged periods of time with potentially very little contact or interaction with others. This could mean that victims of FGM are finding it harder to tell someone what’s happening, or for others to notice the warning signs.

“Hibo’s story is upsetting but educational – it is important that we all educate ourselves and our children to recognise potential warning signs of FGM within our communities. There may be children at risk of FGM who are scared to talk to anyone about it, because the crime still carries a degree of taboo.

“We must break this taboo and have this difficult discussion, if we are to prevent perpetrators of this crime harming any more women and girls.”

Hibo is now a prominent anti-FGM campaigner and author of the book ‘Cut’. Her Twitter account contains lots of helpful information and resources about FGM: _@HiboWardere_

Anyone wishing to report any concerns about FGM in South Yorkshire should contact 101. We also have some information on our website: www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/crime-prevention-advice/female-genital-mutilation/

Further information, advice and support is available by contacting the NSPCC FGM Helpline on 0800 028 3550 or emailing fgmhelp@nspcc.org.uk. Alternatively, contact Childline on 0800 1111 or visit www.childline.org.uk.

You can also contact Karma Nirvana, a national charity that specialises in help and support for victims of honour based abuse and forced marriage, on 0800 5999 247 or Ashiana can be contacted on 0114 255 5740.

### WARNING: This video and article contain graphic detail about female genital mutilation (FGM) that some may find distressing.

> > “My screams were getting louder and louder and nobody was listening…”
