```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Barnsley special constables receive recognition - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/barnsley-special-constables-receive-recognition/
```

_Date published: 08 January 2021 15:26_

 _Dated: 30 April 2021 15:18:40_

Barnsley officers from the Special Constabulary have received recognition and praise for their ongoing dedication and commitment to policing Barnsley during the Covid-19 pandemic.

Special Chief Inspector Robert Sunter-Camm said officers have ‘stepped up to the challenges that 2020 brought, and showed true initiative and courage in difficult situations; they have all truly pulled together’.

Special Constables have the same powers as regular constables and the same equipment and training, the difference is they are volunteers; they are not paid and serve their communities to make a difference.

Specials come from all walks of life, having full time jobs in different professions.

17 special constables work across Barnsley and since March 2020 when the country went into its first lockdown, the Barnsley specials have dedicated over 1084 hours.

SC Chief Inspector Sunter-Camm said: “I am extremely proud of the team, not only have they showed extreme commitment, they have also showed flexibility, as well as dedicating over a thousand hours to the special constabulary, they have also volunteered alongside the tasking team, response officers and neighbourhood teams.

“Policing is a demanding and challenging role, regardless of whether you are paid or you volunteer and working during Covid-19 has been a fast-paced learning curve, alongside facing the dangers and risks posed by the virus.

“Barnsley officers have shown true courage and initiative when dealing with difficult situations and have truly pulled together, everyone within Barnsley is proud of their approach.”

SP Chief Inspector Rob Sunter-Camm, SP Inspector David MacLeod, T/SP Inspector Thomas Burns, T/SP Sgt Jason Critchley, SC James Hilton, SC Bradley Patrice were awarded a Chief Officer’s commendation from Special Constable Chief Officer Stephen Merrett as a thank you and well done for their work.

Recruitment is now open for special constables, if you’re looking for a new challenge in 2021, please visit our website- https://www.southyorks.police.uk/sign-up/join-team-syp/to-volunteer-with-syp/to-be-a-special-constable/about-special-constables/
