```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: New images released in connection to missing Henris - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/new-images-released-in-connection-to-missing-henris/
```

_Date published: 01 October 2020 15:34_

 _Dated: 01 October 2020 16:19:09_

Officers investigating the disappearance of missing Henris Deividas Uzovanne from Doncaster have released images of men they believe may hold vital information into Henris’ whereabouts.

Shortly before 9pm on Thursday 17 September, officers responded to reports of suspicious activity at a property on Warren Close in Intake, Doncaster.

When officers arrived there was evidence of a disturbance but nobody was present at the property at the time.

A missing person’s appeal was launched to trace the occupant, Henris Deividas Uzonvanne, as concerns grew for his welfare.

Detective Sergeant Nina Jackson said: “The circumstances in which Henris has been reported missing to us are concerning, and it is our priority to find him and make sure he is safe and well.

“Following extensive enquiries, including the reviewing of CCTV footage we have identified that a black car stopped outside Henris’ house on Warren Close at around 8:50pm. Three men got out of the car and entered the property. We are keen to identify who these men are and who the vehicle belongs to.

“Following further CCTV enquiries, we have identified two men we believe to be associates of Henris and may be able to help us piece together and understand more about his life.

“CCTV images show a man wearing red shorts riding a red RockHopper bike, we would like to speak to him. We believe he was with Henris up until 8pm on the day of the incident.

“The second man we are seeking the identity of has been seen with Henris on previous occasions.

“Henris’ family have not heard from him since he was last seen on Thursday 17 September, they, along with officers are becoming increasingly concerned and would like to know that Henris is safe.”

Henris is described as being Lithuanian, around 6ft tall, of a slim build, with black hair.

If you have seen Henris, or can identify the men in the images, please contact police through 101. The incident number to quote is 832 of 17th September 2020.

Can you help identify this car or these men?

Missing Henris
