```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Witness appeal following fatal collision on Dearne Valley Parkway - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/witness-appeal-following-fatal-collision-on-dearne-valley-parkway/
```

_Date published: 24 February 2021 14:21_

 _Dated: 24 February 2021 14:18:49_

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a collision in Barnsley between a car and a cyclist.

At 9.15pm on Tuesday night (23 February), a bike, travelling from the Broomhill roundabout towards the Cathill roundabout on the A6195 was in collision with a black BMW X5, travelling in the same direction.

A 20-year-old man from the Barnsley area riding the bike was taken to hospital with serious injuries. He sadly died shortly after. His family have been informed and are being supported by specialist officers.

The driver of the BMW, a 30-year-old man from Barnsley was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, being unfit through drink or drugs, being over the prescribed limit and driving with no insurance.

A 30-year-old woman, also from Barnsley, who was a passenger in the car was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Both currently remain in custody.

As officers continue with their enquiries they are asking anyone who saw what happened to contact them.

They would also like to hear from anyone with dash-cam footage, who saw the cyclist prior to the collision or the manner of driving of the BMW.

Please call 101 quoting incident number 1004 of 23 February 2021 if you can help.
