```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Our message to victims of domestic abuse - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/our-message-to-victims-of-domestic-abuse/
```

_Date published: 08 December 2020 07:48_

 _Dated: 08 December 2020 07:46:13_

With South Yorkshire remaining subject to heightened Covid restrictions in the run up to Christmas (until at least 16 December), we have an important message for those who feel at risk of domestic abuse:

Support is available; we are here for you; there are so many ways you can reach out and contact us.

Sadly, reports of domestic abuse do tend to increase over the festive period. If you are experiencing abuse or violence at home, if you feel you have nowhere to turn and nobody to talk to, police and partner agencies are available 24/7 to provide whatever help and support you need.

Here are some helpline numbers for each of the districts in South Yorkshire:
\- Barnsley Independent Domestic Abuse Service – 03000 110 110
\- Doncaster Domestic Abuse Helpline – 01302 737080
\- Rotherham Rise – 0330 202 0571
\- Sheffield Domestic Abuse Helpline – 0808 808 2241

A number of national helplines and organisations are also there for you. You can contact:
\- Women’s Aid, who hold a web chat between 10am and noon Monday to Friday
\- 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline – 0808 2000 247
\- Mankind Initiative – for male victims of domestic abuse, their helpline 01823 334 244 is available Monday to Friday 10am to 4pm
\- Galop – LGBT+ anti-violence charity who can be contacted Monday to Friday between 10am and 5pm on 0800 999 5428. You can also make referrals online.
\- Karma Nirvana – support line available Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm on 0800 599 9247.

In an emergency, always call 999. If you can’t speak, press ‘55’ and follow the instructions by the call handler. This is known as the silent solution.

This video has been produced in partnership with police and South Yorkshire’s Violence Reduction Unit (VRU).
