```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Off-road bike team launch online gallery - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/june-2020/off-road-bike-team-launch-online-gallery/
```

_Date published: 15 June 2020 13:30_

 _Dated: 15 June 2020 14:24:27_

‘We are stronger with our communities’

The off-road bike team have launched an on-line gallery of people they would like to trace in connection to recent incidents involving off-road bikes.

In April, the control room at Atlas Court received over 1400 calls for reports of off-road bikes causing a nuisance or danger to communities. Incidents involving off-road bikes are the highest number of calls received into the force.

During the Covid-19 Government restrictions, the use of off-road bikes across South Yorkshire increased and to tackle the issues, the off-road bike team doubled in sized and continues to conduct daily operations and patrols.

Since their increase, the team have seen some amazing results, including vehicle seizures, arrests and charges, alongside engagement and praise from local residents.

To continue their work and efforts, they are now asking for your help. It does not go unnoticed that our communities support our efforts to create a safer South Yorkshire and together we are stronger.

Roads Policing Sergeant Matthew Duffy said: “We know that off-road bikes are a problem to our communities.

“Our team have been working hard to address issues, but we are now asking for your help to assist with our enquiries.

“An online gallery has been launched with images of those we would like to speak to in connection to incidents across our districts.

“I urge everyone to visit the site and provide us with any information you may have that can help. Information can be given via 101, the SYP website or anonymously via Crimestoppers.

“We will continue to upload images to the site and provide updates via our social media accounts.

“We appreciate the public’s help and together we are stronger.”

The gallery of images can be found here or through the SYP Flickr album. Each appeal has a number that will need to be quoted when calling 101.
