```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Young people being targeted by organised crime - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/young-people-being-targeted-by-organised-crime/
```

_Date published: 25 February 2021 13:29_

 _Dated: 25 February 2021 13:27:29_

Officers in Doncaster are issuing a warning to parents, carers and those responsible for young people in the town, urging them to be mindful of the risks posed by organised crime.

Detective Inspector Steve Smith, who heads up Doncaster’s Op Fortify team to disrupt and tackle organised crime, says increasingly adult members of organised criminal groups (OCGs) are targeting young, vulnerable people.

“I know that many of our residents in Doncaster will be concerned about the presence of OCGs in our town, particularly one group operating in the Mexborough area., who we believe have been responsible for some serious incidents of violence, disorder and associated crime in and around the community.

“While OCGs are far from being a Doncaster-specific issue, they are a blight on communities across the country, we want to directly appeal to those adults living in Doncaster who have responsibility for a young person.

“Nationally, gangs are using coercion, threats of violence or physical harm to force youngsters to carry out illegal activities on their behalf.

“You may have heard this referred to as county lines, or child criminal exploitation.”

‘County Lines’ is used to refer to a specific model of drug dealing, whereby OCGs like the one operating in Mexborough use children or vulnerable adults to carry out illegal activity on their behalf, often resorting to exploitative tactics to ensure compliance. This includes child criminal exploitation.

Child criminal exploitation (CCE) happens when an individual or OCG takes advantage of an imbalance of power, i.e. adults taking advantage of children and young people. This imbalance of power means that adults coerce, manipulate and control those under 18 to engage in criminal activity. This may be done in exchange for something the child needs or wants, under the threat of violence, and is often for the financial advantage of the perpetrator.

DI Smith continued: “It’s really important to remember that while the actions of young people involved in criminality may seem consensual, there is often something sinister going on behind the scenes. They may be being threatened or harmed, or the threats may be directed towards their families and loved ones.

“CCE often happens through the use of technology, it doesn’t always have to involve physical contact. We therefore urge parents and those with responsibility for young people to have these important conversations, to identify if they have children at risk of being targeted by gangs.”

Some warning signs to look out for include:

A child having money or expensive items in their possession with no plausible explanation

 * Going missing or staying out overnight/late with no explanation
 * Not going to school or developing behavioural issues – becoming withdrawn, unsociable and possibly showing some aggressive behaviour
 * Evidence of drug, substance or alcohol misuse
 * DI Smith added: “We are aware that growing numbers of young people are the ones involved in the so-called street dealing in Doncaster. They are engaging in drug-related crime at incredibly high risk, at the bidding of older members of criminal groups.

“These young people may feel like they’re in control, but in reality they’re not. Adults who know the risks involved continue to put young lives in jeopardy to further their criminal enterprises, and we must break this cycle.

“Let’s be very clear: OCGs engage in child abuse, that’s what CCE is. It is abuse of our young people and as a community, we must work together to protect our most vulnerable from this risk.”

If you’re worried about your child or a young person you have responsibility for, there are agencies who can provide support and advice, including the NSPCC. They have advice on their website here - www.nspcc.org.uk/what-is-child-abuse/types-of-abuse/gangs-criminal-exploitation/ and can be contacted on 0808 800 5000, as well as online. You can also contact independent charity Crimestoppers via their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111 or via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
