```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Warning after Christmas break ins across South Yorkshire - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/warning-after-christmas-break-ins-across-south-yorkshire/
```

_Date published: 17 December 2020 11:36_

 _Dated: 17 December 2020 11:36:32_

This Christmas might be different for most of us, but sadly, for burglars it’s business as usual.

Over the last few weeks, we’ve seen break-ins in South Yorkshire where presents bought for Christmas have been stolen and officers are urging people to take security seriously.

Force Lead for Serious Acquisitive Crime, Detective Chief Inspector Jamie Henderson said: “It’s not interesting to read about crime prevention, I know that, but it is really, really important.

“We wanted to share some experiences of real victims from the last few weeks, which will hopefully make you think about the reality of being burgled. Our officers see the immediate impact of a break-in and the upset it causes, even more so at this time of year.

“There are also some really simple things you can do to make your home less tempting, have a read and make some changes.

“It does happen, it has happened, even in the last few days, don’t let it be you.”

Lock your doors and windows – so many burglaries happen because people don’t lock them!

Don’t leave presents under the tree on view – Let Santa bring them on Christmas morning!

Make sure that security lights or CCTV cameras are working

Don’t leave your house in darkness – set a timer if you’re going to work
