```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: E-fits released after armed robbery at Sheffield home - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/e-fits-released-after-armed-robbery-at-sheffield-home/
```

_Date published: 04 December 2020 17:01_

 _Dated: 04 December 2020 16:55:18_

Detectives investigating an armed robbery at a family home in Sheffield are urging the public to help them trace those involved.

On Thursday 26 November, the family reported a terrifying incident, in which three men broke into their home on Skye Edge Avenue carrying a pistol, machete and a knife.

The incident happened at around 4am in the morning when the whole family, including five children, were sleeping.

Although nothing was stolen the three men assaulted one of the occupants, which left him needing surgery and one of the children was stood on during the attack.

PC Jo Clay, investigating, said: “This was a horrifying incident which has had a significant impact on the family, especially the children who witnessed it.

“If you know these men, or have any other information that might help us, please get in touch – imagine if this was your family, your children.

“Our enquiries are progressing and we have now released e-fit images of two men we would like to speak to in connection with what happened.”

If you recognise these men or have any other details that might help our officers, please call 101 quoting crime reference number 14/174183/20.

Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
