```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: 'TEAM SYP: Meet new superintendent, Lynne Knox - SYP'
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/team-syp-meet-new-superintendent-lynne-knox/
```

_Date published: 05 February 2021 12:38_

 _Dated: 05 February 2021 12:35:42_

Here, new Rotherham command team member, Superintendent Lynne Knox, talks about her background, her aspirations for the district and what she’s looking forward to most about living and working in Rotherham.

Supt Knox said: “I want to focus on those crimes which matter most to the local community such as burglary, drugs, domestic abuse, anti-social behaviour and vehicle crime. Why? because drugs gangs will happily take the profits whilst ruining young people’s lives; perpetrators of domestic abuse will wreck families; and burglary, vehicle crime and anti-social behaviour will cause fear in communities, usually amongst the most vulnerable.

“My priority is to improve the connection local people feel they have with their police service and give our communities a voice. We will make sure we listen and respond to what the people we serve are telling us. We work across many diverse communities and it is our role to ensure that all their concerns and needs are at the heart of our decision making.

“Prior to my arrival, Rotherham completely transformed its response times. People only call us when they really need us and we now get there faster. Our ultimate goal is to ensure victims get a quality service and feel confident in our approach. That includes ongoing contact and updates about the criminal investigation, knowing who to call if you have questions, and being signposted to services for help outside of policing who can provide that additional support.

“We are in the midst of our biggest ever recruitment drive; this means more police on the streets and is a great opportunity to increase our engagement and tackle prolific offenders who are impacting the quality of life for residents in Rotherham.”

Supt. Knox recently moved to South Yorkshire after policing with the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) for 27 years. Last year, she graduated from the University of Cambridge with a Master of Studies in Police Management and Applied Criminology. She had worked in a variety of uniform and detective roles, across response, CID, public protection, neighbourhood policing and project work. As an experienced Senior Investigating Officer (SIO), Supt Knox specialised in tackling organised crime groups, through enforcement and partnership working.

Talking about why this will be a primary focus, she continued: “The actions of OCGs and their mistreatment of vulnerable people has a knock-on impact into other areas of criminality. We take a zero tolerance approach to violent crime and drugs supply in South Yorkshire. By disrupting these gangs, we can make a real positive difference to people who live and work here.

“Young and vulnerable people are often very easy pickings for these gangs. Alongside enforcement, we must take a partnership approach to early intervention: supporting employment opportunities, prioritising mental health and wellbeing and enhancing personal development. The prevention is better than the cure.”

Police in Rotherham ran an operation throughout December to tackle organised crime, resulting in numerous arrests and over £600,000 drugs being seized. This sends out a very clear message, we will rigorously pursue offenders, and for those involved in illegal drug distribution - you can expect a knock at your door.

Talking about bringing her experience from PSNI, Supt Knox continued: “I’ve been incredibly lucky in how much I’ve experienced in my career so far. The PSNI are a fantastic police service, however I reached a point, where I wanted to experience a different kind of policing – and I decided to grab the opportunity here in Rotherham with both hands.

Supt Knox, whose family live in Northern Ireland, has now lived locally for three months added: “It’s been a strange start for obvious reasons, clearly I miss home but everyone’s so welcoming that Rotherham has become a second home; there’s a real sense of community and people are so passionate about the area in which they live. Their passion matches that of our officers, who want to do their very best for the people they serve.

“We are committed to providing an outstanding police service, and we can only do that by working with you, our communities.”

Supt. Lynne Knox
