```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Investigation underway after shots fired in Thornhill - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/investigation-underway-after-shots-fired-in-thornhill/
```

_Date published: 15 December 2020 15:09_

 _Dated: 15 December 2020 15:07:50_

Rotherham detectives have launched an investigation after a firearms discharge in Thornhill in the early hours of this morning (15 December).

Shortly before 1am, it’s reported that shots were fired towards a property in Clough Road – causing damage to a window and door. Nobody was injured.

The road has been closed today allowing for initial enquiries to take place. Additional officers have also been deployed to the area to provide reassurance and carry out door to door enquiries.

T/Detective Inspector Nina Jackson said: “We are appealing for anyone with any information in to this incident to contact police, or Crimestoppers anonymously.

“Initial reports indicate that a light-coloured Ford Focus was in the area at the time. I’d encourage anyone with CCTV or dash cam to check their footage to see if it captured a vehicle matching this description in the area between 12.30am and 1.15am.

“We do believe this to be a targeted attack and we are doing everything we can to track down those responsible.”

Any information can be reported to police through 101 quoting incident number 33 of 15 December.

Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
