```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police intercept off-road bike ride out - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/police-intercept-off-road-bike-ride-out/
```

_Date published: 02 November 2020 18:47_

 _Dated: 02 November 2020 18:35:20_

Over the weekend, our off-road bike, roads policing and firearms support teams disrupted an organised off-road bike ride out across the city.

On Saturday 31 October, around 1:30pm we started to see an increase in calls into our control room reporting off-road vehicles driving in a dangerous and anti-social manner- officers were ready to respond and take action.

Around 30 off-road bikes and quads were being illegally driven around the Manor Area of Sheffield. Officers identified a recently reported stolen bike within the group of riders. With the support of the National Police Air Service (NPAS) fixed wing aircraft, officers were guided to Harbrough Avenue, where a stop stick was deployed. Two bikes were stopped and both riders were interviewed and processed at the scene. They have both been reported on summons to appear before court at a later date.

With the continued support of NPAS, officers were able to follow the rest of the group and prepare to stop the vehicles.
A quad bike and two off-road bikes collided on Cricket Inn Road, a further two men were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and dangerous driving and their quad bike was seized.

Officers believe the bikes involved in the collision to be stolen.

Continuing to follow the group and focused their attention on the believed to be stolen bike. When officers located the bike, the rider reacted to police presence and a pursuit commenced towards the Norton area of Sheffield.

The bike was brought to a stop and a 16 year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and theft of a motor vehicle.

Continuing in their disruption, officers sighted a further two quad bikes – again, the riders failed to stop and a pursuit commenced from the Manor and into and around Rotherham. The riders continued to travel at speeds, through red lights and contraflow to traffic, including on the M18 slip road.

One of the quads was brought to a stop in woodland and 39 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of driving offences, his pillion was released at the scene.

The second quad was brought to a stop near to Brecks Lane, the rider abandoned his vehicle and attempted to escape officers, he was arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and driving offences. The quad bike is reported to be stolen from the West Yorkshire area.

Throughout the afternoon, a total of 11 vehicles were seized, five men arrested and five reported on summons.

Roads Policing Sergeant Matt Duffy said: “Our communities tell us that off-road bikes are a problem and we understand the nuisance and fear they cause.

“This type of behaviour will not be tolerated in South Yorkshire and we will use all powers available to us to stop the driving and bring the offenders before the courts.”

Anyone with dash-cam footage of those involved in Saturday’s ride are asked to call 101 or submit it through enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk
