```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Can you help officers in Doncaster who are investigating deliberate damage to a house in Wheatley? - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/can-you-help-officers-in-doncaster-who-are-investigating-deliberate-damage-to-a-house-in-wheatley/
```

_Date published: 10 February 2021 13:05_

 _Dated: 10 February 2021 12:56:13_

It’s reported that at around 8pm on 26 November 2020 a car purposely reversed into a property on Wheatley Hall Road causing significant damage to the front of the house both externally and internally.

The driver of the car then abandoned the vehicle and left the scene.

Since November our officers have worked hard to piece together the car’s movements and follow all lines of enquiry, including the reviewing of CCTV from nearby properties.

The investigating officers are now appealing for witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to contact them.

PC Caron Kelsall said: “We are investigating this as a deliberate act of criminal damage and would like to hear from anyone who can help with our enquiries.

“The car used in this incident was a dark blue Audi A4 which was being driven with no number plates, it was seized from the scene, and forensics are still ongoing.

“Whilst no-one was injured that evening, the family who were at home, were left distressed by what happened.

“They reported that the driver was wearing a dark green hoodie, black trousers and trainers.

“We’re asking anyone who might have dashcam or CCTV footage captured on Wheatley Hall Road between 7.30pm and 8.30pm that night to contact us.

“Equally, if you know anything at all about the incident, please get in touch.”

Please call 101 or make a report online using the crime reference number 14/174629/20.
