```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Cops seize 10 cars a day for no insurance - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/cops-seize-10-cars-a-day-for-no-insurance/
```

_Date published: 26 October 2020 13:09_

 _Dated: 26 October 2020 13:03:57_

Officers have already seized 2882 vehicles from the roads of South Yorkshire this year for having no insurance, and their work is not stopping there.

This week (26 October- 2 November) we are supporting the National Police Chiefs’ Council’s week of action around drivers who do not hold insurance.

Research shows that each year 130 people are killed, and 26,000 are seriously injured on the UK’s roads by uninsured drivers; that’s one casualty every 20 minutes.

As part of the week of action we will be upping our proactive patrols and conducting stop sites across our districts. Drivers without insurance will not be tolerated.

Roads Policing Sergeant Bruce Yacomeni said: “Driving without insurance is illegal and we are proactive in seizing cars from those who fail to insure their vehicle.

“We know that drivers who don’t hold insurance are more likely to be linked to wider crime and take greater risks on our roads. Sometimes a routine traffic stop for no insurance can highlight much more serious offences.

“Our message to those who chose to not to have insurance is we will stop you and we will seize your vehicle.”

You can check a vehicles insurance status by visiting WWW.askMID.com

Failing to insure your vehicle can see you receive a minimum of a £300 fine and six points on your licence. You may also face appearing at court and receiving a driving ban.

Sgt Yacomeni added: “Some people may see uninsured driving as a victimless crime but everyone feels the consequences of uninsured drivers; uninsured drivers are more likely to cause death on the roads which brings huge devastation to families and loved ones.

“We are committed to creating safer roads and one way we can do that is by removing uninsured drivers.

“If your vehicle is uninsured please get it insured, If you are facing financial difficulties due to Covid-19, there are ways you can save money. Less powerful vehicles are often cheaper to insure, getting a black box fitted often brings down premiums and you can also save by limiting the vehicle’s use and mileage.

“If you are also aware your direct debits have been affected by your financial situation, please call your insurance provider to check you are insured before driving.”

Further tips for reducing your insurance premium can be read here- https://www.abi.org.uk/products-and-issues/choosing-the-right-insurance/motor-insurance/how-to-cut-the-cost-of-motor-insurance/

Officers will be sharing results throughout the week on their social media pages, make sure you’re following your local neighbourhood team and SYP Operational Support.

Facebook- SYP Operational Support Unit
Twitter- @SYPOperations
Instagram- @syp_ops
