```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Chief Constables Response to Home Office Recruitment Figures - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/chief-constables-response-to-home-office-recruitment-figures/
```

_Date published: 30 October 2020 15:48_

 _Dated: 30 October 2020 15:33:36_

Following the release of the quarterly Home Office statistics relating to the police uplift figures, Chief Constable Watson reflects on South Yorkshire Police's progress so far.

Chief Constable Stephen Watson QPM, of South Yorkshire Police said: “In June 2019, prior to the government’s uplift announcement, I made the commitment that we would recruit 220 new officers. The figures released by the Home Office show that not only are we achieving this, we have also made significant progress on reaching the national uplift targets.

“Our increase of 89 officers as part of the national uplift puts us in a strong position to reach our year one allocation of 151 by March 2021. In addition to this, we have recruited a further 74 as part of my own commitment and we are currently above our originally projected headcount. We have achieved this alongside our regular recruitment to replace leavers and retirees.

“Recently we took in our first intakes of student officers on the new Policing Education Qualifications Framework, both the apprenticeship and existing degree holder routes. These officers will now go through a rigorous training and education programme to equip them with the skills and knowledge needed to start their career with us.

“We are also very encouraged with the increase seen in the numbers of women and people from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic communities applying to join the force, although we know there is more to be done.

“It could not be a better time to join us, we are continuing our journey to becoming an outstanding police force and the new recruits together with our existing experienced workforce, will help us to realise that ambition.”
