```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Dog theft in South Yorkshire - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/dog-theft-in-south-yorkshire/
```

_Date published: 09 March 2021 15:47_

 _Dated: 09 March 2021 15:46:20_

We know there is a great deal of concern about dog theft, nationally and locally, and we want to reassure you that investigations are ongoing.

We understand how important dogs are to their families and know the impact this type of crime can have. We want to reassure you that we, like other forces across the country, are actively carrying out enquiries linked to dog theft and attempted dog theft.

Since July 2020, we have recorded 63 investigations in which a dog has been taken.

Please remain vigilant and report any incidents to us, as well as anyone you see acting in a suspicious manner. We will continue to act on this information.

We’d also like you to tell us about any adverts you see regarding dogs for sale locally where information appears unusual or limited.

You can speak to us on our live webchat, report online or call 101.

Always call 999 in an emergency.

 **There are a number of steps you can take too, to protect yourselves and your pets:**

\- Never leave your pet tied up unattended, for example, outside shops.

\- Make sure your dog is wearing a collar and ID tag when in a public place, as you are now required to do by law. Include your surname, telephone number, address and full post code and if there’s room, put ‘microchipped’ on the tag if your dog has a chip.

\- Ensure your dog can be permanently identified by its microchip and check with your vet every year that details are up to date.

\- Keep all documentation relating to your dog(s) in a safe place. Include clear photos of front and side profiles of your dog, and any unusual markings.

\- Use a registered boarding kennel or professional dog carer with clear documentation, unless you know someone who is trustworthy that will care for your dog in your absence.

\- Train your dog not to go out of your sight on walks, use an extending lead if the dog does not comply. Vary your walk times and routes and be alert – it’s tempting to be on your phone during a walk but try and keep an eye on your dog and what they’re up to!

\- Beware of strangers who show interest in your dog: don’t give details about your dog, don’t allow strangers to have their photograph taken with your dog.

\- Ensure your garden or yard is secure. Check it regularly for wear and tear or gaps. It should keep your dog in and trespassers out. Keep your dog in view when it goes out into the garden.

\- If you believe your dog has been stolen always report it to the police via 101 and also report it to your Local Authority’s Dog Warden service, local vets and rescue centres. If your dog is microchipped, report it to the microchip company and register it as lost or stolen. This will give you a better chance of being reunited with it if it is found.
