```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Special Chief Inspector praised by district commander - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/special-chief-inspector-praised-by-district-commander/
```

_Date published: 06 March 2021 19:32_

 _Dated: 06 March 2021 19:25:00_

Special Chief Inspector Robert Sunter-Camm has been praised for his dedication, leadership and support towards the wellbeing of Special Constables across the force.

SCI Sunter-Camm leads the Special Constbulay Team in Barnsley on top of his full time day job and busy family life. Alongside assisting the force during the Covid-19 pandemic, he has ensured that Special Constables across the force have received support for their wellbeing during a difficult time.

The physical and mental wellbeing of our officers is extremely important and special constables receive the same benefits and support as regular officers; our biggest asset is our amazing staff, they need to feel supported and looked after to continue to serve their communities, an ethos we pride ourselves on.

Barnsley District Commander Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman awarded SCI Sunter-Camm with a commendation to recognise his efforts.

The commendation read: “Since arriving at Barnsley District, you have dedicated a considerable amount of time to protect the communities of Barnsley.

“Despite being a full time working father-of-three, you still find the time to commit to South Yorkshire Police.

“As the Special's Lead Welfare and Wellbeing Champion for the force, you do not only support our district but also offer support to the whole of SYP. Your efforts do not go unrecognised, with colleagues praising you for supporting them with their personal development.

“I have no hesitation in presenting you with this Commendation, in respect of your commitment and passion within your role."

Congratulations to CSI Sunter-Camm!

For more information on how Special Constables support the force or how you can get involved please visit our website.

Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman with Special Chief Inspector Robert Sunter-Camm
