```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: World mental health day - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/world-mental-health-day/
```

_Date published: 10 October 2020 09:36_

 _Dated: 10 October 2020 10:30:01_

Our officers, staff and volunteers support our communities day in, day out – but have you ever wondered who is on hand to support them when they need it?

Today (Saturday 10 October) is world mental health day – so what better time to highlight how officers and staff are supported with their mental health?

Working for the police is a rewarding yet demanding job. For officers and staff to be able to give their all, they must be both physically and mentally well.

This has never been truer than over the last seven months, as the force, along with the rest of the nation, has adapted to a ‘new normal’ following the Coronavirus outbreak.

In 2018 the force launched the ‘wellbeing plan on a page’, which outlines its commitment to improving health and wellbeing for everyone within SYP.

All at SYP have access to Back Up Buddy – a mental health app tailored specifically to police officers and staff. It features a range of resources including practical help, videos and useful contacts as well as signposting to support which is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

The Employee Assistance Programme offers dedicated 24/7 support and advice around anything from mental health and debt issues to bereavement and conflict.

The force has also invested in training over 200 wellbeing champions in a variety of roles and locations. They offer peer support to colleagues and signpost to available help and advice.

There is also a trauma risk management (TRiM) team, which helps staff get the support they need if they have been affected by a traumatic incident they have been involved with.

ACC David Hartley, force lead for health and wellbeing at South Yorkshire Police, said: "Our staff respond daily to a variety of demanding incidents. This is often spontaneous, with little knowledge of what they will face. They see the very best and the very worst that society has to offer.

"We recognise that high impact incidents and sustained exposure to policing demand can have a detrimental impact on wellbeing. The force is committed to identifying and supporting staff experiencing any form of psychological challenge, providing both resilience before events and support following an event.

"Just as with physical injury, any one of us could be affected by mental health challenges. In the same way it’s important to keep your body healthy at all times, the ongoing support available aims to ensure our minds stay healthy: it isn’t something that only kicks in when there’s been a crisis. Our shared commitment is to do all we can to support and help colleagues facing mental health issues.”

Force lead for health and wellbeing ACC David Hartley
