```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Consent should not be difficult to understand - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/consent-should-not-be-difficult-to-understand/
```

_Date published: 29 January 2021 13:27_

 _Dated: 21 December 2020 12:48:18_

If you are using dating apps, and you do decide to meet, please remember consent.

We wish we didn’t have to explain this, but the truth is rape and sexual offences are reported to us on a regular basis. Whilst for most of us consent may seem obvious, myths and misconceptions still continue to exist in some minds. And it’s time to change that.

A person consents if he or she agrees by choice, and has the freedom and capacity to make that choice.

Consent cannot be coerced, pressured or forced.

Consent cannot be assumed or ambiguous.

Consent cannot be determined by clothing or appearance.

Someone’s consent can change; it can be withdrawn at any time.

Your relationship with someone, such as being married or in a relationship, does not predetermine consent.

Being drunk, under the influence of drugs or unconscious means someone cannot give their consent.

The absence of the word ‘no’ does not mean someone gives their consent.

Sexual offences, including rape, sexual assault and sexual harassment, can have a devastating impact on the victim.

Touching someone with a sexual motive without consent is sexual assault. Having sex with someone without their consent is rape.

It is simple: if someone doesn’t want to, or doesn’t seem to want to do something; STOP. If you don’t, you have committed a crime.

If you have experienced a sexual assault, you are not to blame. It is the person that assaulted you that is to blame; please speak to someone you trust and for more information on how to can access help and support, please visit our website: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/crime-prevention-advice/sexual-offences/
