```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Dash cam footage released to trace driver who reversed into police officer - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/dash-cam-footage-released-to-trace-driver-who-reversed-into-police-officer/
```

_Date published: 19 March 2021 15:35_

 _Dated: 19 March 2021 15:25:21_

Officers from our Roads Policing Team are appealing for information about a vehicle following an incident in Barnsley where a police officer was driven at while on duty.

On 16 March, an officer from the Roads Policing Team was on duty riding a motorcycle when he became aware of a grey Ford Mondeo on High Street in Goldthorpe, Barnsley around 10:17am.

The officer followed the car onto Barnsley Road, awaiting a safe opportunity to request the driver to stop due to the vehicle showing as having no insurance.

Operation Support Superintendent Paul McCurry explains more, he said: “As my colleague continued to follow the driver, the Mondeo entered Aldi carpark on Barnsley Road and continued to drive around.

“The officer illuminated his blue lights and requested the driver to stop, the driver failed to do so and continued to drive away.

“Moments later, the driver used his car to reverse towards the officer, who luckily was able to manoeuvre his bike between the safety bollards outside the store, avoiding injury.

“The Mondeo then drove away towards Hollygrove roundabout and fled the scene.

“Checks into the vehicle have since identified that the vehicle is cloned and could be stolen.

“This type of behaviour is not acceptable, our officers come to work to serve their communities, not to be driven at and injured.

“Those involved in criminality have no respect for the law and no respect for officers; we are all someone’s loved one and deserve to go home to our families at the end of each shift.”

We are now appealing for information about the driver and links to the vehicle. The registration displayed on the vehicle is BF58 OLJ.

Can you help? Those with information are asked to call 101 quoting incident number 231 of 16 March 2021 or online via the SYP website. Alternatively you can provide information anonymously via the Crimestoppers website.
