```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Warrant executed in connection to poisoned bird - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/warrant-executed-in-connection-to-poisoned-bird/
```

_Date published: 17 November 2020 15:03_

 _Dated: 17 November 2020 14:57:10_

A warrant has today (17 November) been executed at a property in Barnsley in connection to the poisoning of a protected wild bird.

Last month officers appealed for your help in finding those responsible for poisoning a juvenile peregrine falcon in the Fish Dam area of Barnsley.

Intelligence from the public assisted officers from the Barnsley Central Neighbourhood Team, the force’s Wildlife and Rural Coordinators, Crime Scene Investigation and members of the RSPB to carry out a search of a property on Abbots Road, under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981.

PC Fran Robbs de la Hoyde explains: “Peregrine Falcons are an important part of our local ecosystems, and are protected under The Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981.

“It is a shame that someone would wish to harm these animals in such a deliberate act. The bird is believed to have ingested bait laced with toxic substances.

“This morning we executed a warrant and found a number of suspicious items. Enquiries into persons involved in the offence are ongoing.

“We are committed to protecting our wildlife and will ensure that those responsible are brought before the courts.”

We are stronger with our communities help and we are always grateful for those who take the time to read, respond and share information in which they have to help officers with their enquiries.

Officers briefing before the warrant at Ring Farm in Cudworth
