```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Automatic Number Plate Recognition - What is your view? - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/automatic-number-plate-recognition-what-is-your-view/
```

_Date published: 15 February 2021 13:46_

 _Dated: 15 February 2021 13:32:09_

Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) is technology that is used to help detect, deter and disrupt criminality across the country, including organised crime groups and terrorists.

An ANPR camera reads and instantly checks registration plates against a database record of ‘vehicles of interest’. This allows officers to know where vehicles have been sighted, intercept and stop a vehicle that may be involved in committing a crime.

All vehicles that pass a camera have their details stored, including those that are not of interest to the police, as it may be that circumstances change and officers do require previous information. The cameras have a strict code of practice.

ANPR is also used in missing person investigations where a vehicle is involved. This helps us piece together the last known places that person has travelled, saving valuable time in finding them.

More information about how ANPR works can be found by watching this short video.

A national survey has today (15 February) been launched across the country to find out your views. Your feedback will help shape further development and around the use of cameras and the infrastructure in our force area.

The survey only takes a few minutes to complete and is completely anonymous.

The survey can be accessed here.
It will close on 7 March 2021.
