```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Barnsley's Police Officer of the Year - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/barnsleys-police-officer-of-the-year/
```

_Date published: 14 October 2020 11:14_

 _Dated: 14 October 2020 12:10:31_

‘A credit to the district, an aptitude for policing and unfailingly modest’ are the words used to describe PC Davey Mitchell who has been recognised as Barnsley’s Police Officer of the Year!

PC Mitchell, a response officer based at Churchfields Station has been commended for his actions, going above and beyond in protecting vulnerable people.

Back in May, PC Mitchell attended a property after a six year-old boy called 999.

After arriving at the property is was clear the child had accidently called 999 after playing with his mum’s phone. While PC Mitchell and his colleague PC Massey were there they conducted a welfare check and soon realised that the mother was a single parent and struggling after losing her job.

The house had no food for either the mother or her little boy. PC Mitchell made referrals to local foodbanks and support agencies, including social care, but he knew this could take a few days and wanted to support the family until then.

PC Mitchell asked colleagues in his team to bring in what they could to help the family out. Within less than 12 hours, officers had collected a huge amount of food and toys for the family.
Officers collected enough supplies to help other struggling families in their communities.

Barnsley’s Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman said: “PC Mitchell’s actions showcase the real passion behind policing, officers are caring people who want to help and sometimes that is achieved by acts of kindness.”

Further to PC Mitchell’s kindness, he again demonstrated his selflessness more recently when working with a high-risk domestic abuse victim.

PC Mitchell worked with partner agencies and helped secure accommodation out of the area for the woman. The accommodation became accessible the following day but no transport was available to get the woman there.

Wanting to protect the woman and ensure she was safe, PC Mitchell came in on his day off to drive the woman to the safe place.

C/Supt Poolman added: “This incident is another example of PC Mitchell’s exemplary victim care and determination to protect the vulnerable.

“In addition to being caring, kind and humble, PC Mitchell has pushed himself with his own development this year in becoming a response car driver, a Taser trained officer and taking on additional training as a football spotter and wildlife crime expert.

“PC Mitchell, you are an absolute credit to the district and to South Yorkshire Police.

Despite your obvious aptitude for policing, you are unfailingly modest and willing to deflect praise to those around you. You should be rightly proud of your tireless efforts over the last year.”

Congratulations to PC Mitchell!

Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman with PC Davey Mitchell
