```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: 169 drivers stopped for tyre checks - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/169-drivers-stopped-for-tyre-checks/
```

_Date published: 16 October 2020 12:03_

 _Dated: 16 October 2020 13:00:20_

We know hearing about tyre safety can be a bit ‘flat’ but we’re sharing a really important message!

Your tyres can have a significant impact on your braking and overall safety of driving.

Our Roads Policing Officers (RPG) are supporting tyre safety month, a national campaign asking drivers to ACT and check their air pressure, condition and tread ahead of the winter months, a simple check that could save a life.

Last week, RPG stopped 169 drivers across South Yorkshire, during the stops each driver’s tyres were checked with a Tread Reader, a machine that provides an in-depth report on tread, pressure and wheel alignment. The report is then shared with the driver who is able to take it to a garage and repair or replace their tyres. The officers carried out checks on our counties roads, motorways and service stations.

Of the 169 drivers, 21 drivers were reported for having defective tyres, meaning their tread was under the legal limit of 1.6mm or in a dangerous condition and 15 drivers were advised that their tyres were extremely close to the legal limit.

Roads Policing Sergeant Matt Duffy said: “Sometimes simple stops can lead to identifying serious driving offences.

“Of the drivers we stopped, 19 were found to be committing licence or insurance offences, resulting in 12 vehicles being seized. 21 drivers were reported for traffic offences including having no MOT, illegal window tints, speeding and using a mobile phone while driving.

“In addition to this, 5 drivers had their vehicles prohibited from continuing their journeys until dangerous defects were rectified.”

There are simple checks that you can do to take ACTion

Air pressure- check your car’s manual to or a sticker on the inside of your driver’s door that will tell you your recommended pressure.

Condition- Look at your tyres and have a feel checking for bulges, cuts or tears.

Tread- Your tread needs to be a minimum of 1.6mm. You can use a tread reader to check this or a 20p piece, if the outer border of the 20p is hidden when it is inserted; you are above the legal limit.

Simple checks save lives, let’s all do our part to create safer roads across South Yorkshire.
