```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Intercepting criminal parcels and post - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/intercepting-criminal-parcels-and-post/
```

_Date published: 01 February 2021 15:15_

 _Dated: 01 February 2021 15:07:06_

Officers in Barnsley have seen an increase in referrals and prosecutions following the interception of imported illegal items, and are warning those tempted to order that you will be found and prosecuted.

During lockdown and the Covid-19 pandemic online shopping has increased, postmen and woman up and down the country are busy, but that doesn’t mean that police forces, alongside the UK Border Agency are not upping their efforts to ensure illegal items do not enter our country.

Since November 2020, officers in Barnsley have prosecuted 15 people for the importation of illegal parcels from overseas.

The parcels have included steroids, knives, batons and controlled drugs; all items that could have a devastating impact on our communities if in the wrong hands.

Chief Inspector Paul Ferguson explains more, he said: “People are doing more online shopping than ever before.

“Online shopping isn’t anonymous and by working together with agencies we are able to intercept the items, see where the order has come from and see its intended destination.

“Ordering online is not anonymous and is not risk free. If you are caught you will be prosecuted.

“We will continue to stop dangerous items from entering our district and harming our communities.”

If you have concerns about the importation of illegal items in your area please contact 101 or your local neighbourhood team.
