```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Statement following anti-social behaviour in Endcliffe Park Sheffield - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/statement-following-anti-social-behaviour-in-endcliffe-park-sheffield/
```

_Date published: 31 March 2021 14:42_

 _Dated: 31 March 2021 15:41:30_

Yesterday (March 30) we saw large numbers of people visit Endcliffe Park in Sheffield to enjoy the hot weather.

Unfortunately, not all visitors acted responsibly or with other people in mind and officers were required to attend and respond to numerous reports of anti-social behaviour.

Sheffield’s Superintendent for Neighbourhoods and Partnerships, Simon Verrall, said: "Throughout the afternoon and evening, officers were required to respond to a number of reports of anti-social behaviour and damage being caused to the park. A 17-year-old boy was also arrested on suspicion of affray, following a fight between a group of people.

"Our colleagues at the fire service were also required to attend, after reports of several small fires being started within the park boundaries.

“Sadly, one of the park’s memorials was also damaged during the evening, which has left volunteers deeply distressed.

"This activity is not acceptable and will not be tolerated in our open spaces, which have been a haven for so many people during the pandemic.”

Supt Verrall continued: "We are currently reviewing CCTV and mobile phone footage to identify those involved with a view to taking further action.

"Patrols will be in place throughout today and this evening and a robust operational plan is in place to ensure that we do not see a repeat of these emerging issues as we head towards the long bank holiday weekend.

"The car park at the park has also been closed.

"We have been working hard with our partners over recent months to ensure that we can respond effectively to issues caused by people gathering in open spaces and this work continues.

"One of the most upsetting things for local people has been the huge amount of litter left in the park. This behaviour is extremely disappointing and it’s not acceptable in a space which is there for everyone to enjoy. Please be responsible, take your litter home with you and be considerate of others."
