```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Community call out from new North East Neighbourhood sergeant - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/community-call-out-from-new-north-east-neighbourhood-sergeant/
```

_Date published: 26 January 2021 15:02_

 _Dated: 26 January 2021 15:01:23_

Do you live in High Green, Chapeltown, Grenoside or Ecclesfield?

If so, the new neighbourhood team sergeant for the area wants to hear from you!

Sergeant Matt Cook has recently taken the helm of the team which covers these parts of Sheffield and is keen to build relationships with as many community groups, businesses and organisations as possible.

As part of his mission he’s encouraging people to contact the team: “At the moment my priority is to increase the amount of community organisations that we’re involved with. If you’re a local sports club, a community network, a residents’ action group or a school I want to hear from you.

“By building up contact with local people, we can react effectively to the issues you care about. I’m taking over a fantastic part of the city and I know there is a lot going on, albeit in a different way due to the pandemic.

“If you’re holding Zoom meetings, or online forums, then I’m happy to dial in and say hello – I just need to know about them.

“I’ve also come up with a small survey, which I would really like people to take a couple of minutes to fill in – I’m happy for you to get on your soapbox and tell me how you feel, and tell us what your priorities are in our area.”

The team covers a huge part of the city, with a range of different policing priorities to achieve.

Sgt Cook is also appealing for people to speak to him about issues that might be concerning them: “As neighbourhood officers we’re responsible for long-term problem solving. I am aware that burglary, nuisance vehicles and off-road bikes are pressing concerns and I’m looking at ways we can address them.”

Sgt Cook has worked in Sheffield for the majority of his career and has most recently ran the Sheffield Tutor Unit, mentoring student officers in their first months on the streets.

If you live in High Green, Chapeltown, Grenoside or Ecclesfield then please follow the link to take part in a very quick survey

You can contact Sergeant Cook by emailing matthew.cook@southyorks.pnn.police.uk
