```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Appeal for information following robbery on a young boy in Barnsley - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/appeal-for-information-following-robbery-on-a-young-boy-in-barnsley/
```

_Date published: 16 March 2021 18:30_

 _Dated: 16 March 2021 18:29:09_

Police in Barnsley are appealing for information after a 12-year-old boy was reportedly robbed while waiting for a bus this morning (16 March) on Doncaster Road, Barnsley.

The boy was reported to be standing at the bus stop outside the Dove Inn at around 8am this morning, when two men approached him. One of the men demanded his mobile phone and made threats towards him before snatching the phone from his hand. The man then ran across Doncaster Road and up Waltham Street. The other man walked onto Sheffield Road via Taylor Row.

PC Rebecca Robinson, leading the investigation said: “This is clearly a concerning incident and we are keen to identify and locate the offenders as soon as possible. Fortunately the boy was not injured although he was understandably shaken.

“I would like to appeal to anybody who was in the area this morning and may have seen the incident or recognise the description of the offenders to contact us.”

One man is described as white, not clean shaven around 30-years-old. He was wearing a dark jacket and carrying a light grey rucksack. The other man is described as white and wearing a parka style coat with fur around the hood.

Anybody with information should contact the police on 101 quoting incident number 147 of the 16 March.
