```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Cat flap burglary warning - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/cat-flap-burglary-warning/
```

_Date published: 12 February 2021 09:00_

 _Dated: 12 February 2021 09:00:11_

Over the last week we’ve seen an increase in burglaries in Sheffield in which thieves have managed to steal keys through cat-flaps and letterboxes.

The most common method is pushing a pole through your door and hooking keys which have been left in plain sight.

Detective Sergeant Lee Corker from Sheffield’s Burglary Team said: “The simplest way to avoid being a victim of this type of crime is to get into good habits and not make it easy for thieves.

“When you get back from the shop, don’t leave your car keys on the table near the front door, or the kitchen worktop just above a cat-flap. By simply putting your keys out of sight makes your home much less appealing to thieves, the same goes for purses, wallets and open handbags.

“We’ve seen criminals operating like this get away with cash, bank cards and of course, cars parked outside on the drive.

“Another tip is to have a look around your garden for any poles, sticks or other gardening equipment that could be used to thieves’ advantage. Get it tidied away into a shed or your garage if possible.”

Officers are asking people right across the city to be vigilant and take small steps to protect their homes, DS Corker added: “Another thing I’d really urge you to do is lock your door, even when you’re in the house.

“I know it sounds blatantly obvious, but so many burglaries reported to us are because doors or windows are just left unlocked.”
