```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Two further arrests in connection to Mexborough murder - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/two-further-arrests-in-connection-to-mexborough-murder/
```

_Date published: 22 January 2021 11:45_

 _Dated: 22 January 2021 11:36:29_

Detectives investigating the murder of Lewis Williams from Mexborough have arrested a further two men in connection to his death.

This morning (22 January) a 20 year-old man from Barnsley has been arrested on suspicion of murder and a 49 year-old man from Doncaster has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and possession of ammunition. They both remain in police custody.

Lewis suffered fatal injuries during a reported shooting on Wath Road, Mexborough, at 4.26pm on Monday 11 January.

A 32-year-old man from Doncaster, and a 22-year-old man from Rotherham, will remain on police bail while enquiries continue. Two other men, both aged 20, also remain on bail as part of the investigation.

A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, are both charged with Lewis’s murder. They are both remanded into police custody and will appear before Sheffield Crown Court on 1 February 2021.

Anyone with information in to 20-year-old Lewis’s death is asked to call 101 quoting incident number 495 of 11 January. You can also contact independent charity Crimestoppers to give information anonymously, via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org – or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.

Alternatively, you can also provide information directly to the investigation team via the Major Incident Public Portal here - https://mipp.police.uk/operation/14SY21A01-PO1.
