```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Barnsley student police officer praised - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/barnsley-student-police-officer-praised/
```

_Date published: 06 November 2020 17:00_

 _Dated: 06 November 2020 17:01:21_

A student officer from Barnsley has been praised and awarded ‘The Don Betton’ trophy for her ‘conscientious and determined attitude’ over the past 12 months.

PC Isabella Handley is described as having maturity far beyond her policing years after attending several serious incidents within her first year of policing.

The first year of a new role is challenging for everyone who starts a new job, but in the world of policing no two days are the same, officers’ training prepares them in the best way but learning while working changes perceptions, attitudes and abilities.

Within her first year, PC Handley has been the first officer on scene at two sudden infant deaths, working hard to secure evidence at the scene but also conducting herself in a compassionate and calm manner while dealing with extremely distressed families.

Following the infant deaths, PC Handley attended a suicide attempt involving a man and a Heavy Goods Vehicle. PC Handley was praised for managing the scene, controlling the varying demands, including support of the victim and risks.

The Don Betton trophy is awarded to the student officer who has shown the greatest development and contribution to the district and Barnsley Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman had no hesitation in awarding PC Handley the title in recognition in of an outstanding start to her policing career.

She said: “PC Handley’s determined attitude and willingness to positively contribute to the quality of service provided to the public has not gone unnoticed by colleagues around the district.

“Her strong work ethic and intelligence have placed her in the optimum position to enjoy a long and successful policing career.

PC Handley added: “My first year has as a whole has been exciting, varied, rewarding but not without its challenges. I feel honoured to achieve this award, doing a job that I genuinely love. I will continue to strive to reach my greatest potential, whilst protecting the public of South Yorkshire.”

Congratulations to PC Handley.

Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman presenting PC Handley with her award
