```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Checking in on the \u2018neigh-bours\u2019 - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/may-2020/checking-in-on-the-neigh-bours/
```

_Date published: 01 May 2020 13:07_

 _Dated: 01 May 2020 13:57:33_

We have been introducing you to the teams and faces behind our fight against Covid-19 and today, we’re showcasing the work of our four-legged colleagues and their riders.

Our mounted department is made up of one sergeant, eight officers, 11 horses and three grooms.

As part of the policing against Covid-19, mounted officers have been patrolling communities across South Yorkshire and hot spot areas such as parks, open spaces and woodland, as well as engaging with the public and continuing to bring a smile to your face.

Our mounted unit’s calendar has got fewer entries and commitments due to the cancellation of events and football, but their day to day policing style has not changed.

Patrolling and engaging is mounted’s core style of policing, but with the on-going pandemic, there have been some alterations and restrictions put in place.

Acting Sergeant Dave Driver explains more, he said: “Our horses (and officers!) love a fuss and having the opportunity to stop and talk to our communities while on patrol.

“Unfortunately at the moment we have had to stop people stroking our horses to say hello. This is essentially because there is insufficient evidence to confirm that the virus cannot be carried on a horse’s coat- it is unlikely but it cannot be ruled out.

“This is a measure we have taken to protect our officers and our communities.”

As part of officer’s patrols, they have been visiting the country parks and spaces across South Yorkshire, ensuring that people who are out, are outside for essential reasons and their daily exercise.

Officers and horses have also been riding around streets to ensure that smiles can be brought to children’s and adults faces. If you see our officers while out on your daily exercise or through your window, please give them a wave!

A/Sgt Driver said: “We really do appreciate those who stop to say hello, we know that times are challenging but we are here for you. We will continue to patrol and reassure you.”

You can follow our officers and horses on their social media channels

Twitter- @SYPOperations

Facebook- Operational Support Unit

Instagram- syphorses

Say hello to our SYP Mounted Officers

Officers patrolling local parks
