```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Celebrating our SYP apprentices - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/celebrating-our-syp-apprentices/
```

_Date published: 11 February 2021 16:01_

 _Dated: 11 February 2021 15:57:17_

For National Apprenticeship Week this week we’re celebrating one of our newest schemes, the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA).

With the PCDA, our apprentices combine on-the-job learning and academic theory, becoming a police constable from day one and gaining a degree in Professional Policing Practice.

The first three-year course started in September 2020, with 60 students making up the first intake.

These students have just completed their first 20 weeks of academic learning with Sheffield Hallam University and policing inputs with SYP. They are now starting the next phase, which will see them cover a variety of different policing roles across the force.

Following closely behind them are this year’s cohort who started in January, with another 60 students currently studying their first section of academic theory and work experience.

PC Kate Evans is one of our current PCDA students, and says it’s been a fantastic experience so far. She said: “I am absolutely loving my apprenticeship; the blend of academic learning and practical training is the perfect combination for me.

“While we have plenty of studying to do, we’re also getting hands on experience, taking part in uniform parades and getting to grips with things such as restraint practice ready for when we hit the streets.”

Kate has previously worked in call centres and training centres but wanted to find a career where she could make a real difference to people. She said: “My friends, family and past colleagues all used to say I’d be a good cop, I’m a people person and I love solving problems; it does feel like a great fit.

“As a police officer you do have a real and lasting impact on people’s lives, you can see the change in front of you and you can make a difference to your community. I can’t wait to be a fully operational police officer.”

Rachel Barraclough, Operational Skills Trainer, said: “This Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) is a new and exciting opportunity for those seeking a career within South Yorkshire Police.

“This collaborative approach in conjunction with Sheffield Hallam University (SHU) offers a unique
blend of academic learning and on-the-job work experience.

“Combining both these approaches allows new recruits to gain a deeper understanding of policing from a theoretical aspect, while developing their practical application within the workplace.”

PC Evans added: “When I started the apprenticeship, people told me I’d soon feel part of the South Yorkshire Police family, they were right. We get so much help and support and everyone is so passionate, it’s a great place to be and I’d encourage anyone to consider it as an option.”

If you are interested in the joining the police, we have a number of ways you can join us. Whether you have a degree already or want to join as an apprentice, there are a number of routes available.

Visit our website here https://www.southyorks.police.uk/sign-up/join-team-syp/police-officer-roles/ for more information on the different routes in and keep checking our website and social media for when the next recruitment intake opens.
