```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Officers target ASB on South Yorkshire\u2019s buses - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/officers-target-asb-on-south-yorkshire-s-buses/
```

_Date published: 07 December 2020 15:12_

 _Dated: 07 December 2020 15:11:22_

Officers in Sheffield and Rotherham are stepping up patrols on key bus routes, which have been suspended or diverted due to anti-social behaviour.

Over the last few weeks, buses in Ferham and Arbourthorne have had bricks, rocks and metal thrown at them by groups of teenagers.

Sergeant Karen Holmes said: “I don’t need to spell out how dangerous this is, it won’t be tolerated, and our officers will now be taking enforcement action.

“On one occasion, an industrial magnet was thrown through a bus window, thankfully no-one was hurt, but it could have caused some serious injuries.

“Over the coming week we will be carrying out various operations to identify those responsible, I want bus users to know that we are taking action.

“We have various plans in place, including new patrols along key routes.”

The South Yorkshire TravelSafe Partnership have identified several areas in South Yorkshire where anti-social behaviour against buses is increasing, including Wybourn and Shirecliffe.

Sgt Holmes added: “I’d really like people reading this, who suspect their child might be involved, to speak to them about the seriousness of what they’re doing.

“As well as the risk of damage and injury to drivers and passengers, this type of activity is stopping people getting around the city. It’s stopping people getting to work as easily, including key workers, and it’s also preventing the elderly from getting their supplies from town.

“My message to them is whilst you might not use the buses, for some people they are absolutely essential services.”

Our neighbourhood teams are also working on measures to prevent incidents happening, including working with construction companies to encourage them to secure building materials being used as missiles.

They are also in regular contact with bus companies to ensure intelligence is fed back to local officers who may be investigating similar offences.

Sergeant Tom Hollands from the Sheffield South East Neighbourhood Team who cover Arbourthorne said: “For people who don’t use public transport this might not sound like a priority, but it really is a vital service within our community.

“We know that anti-social behaviour more generally is a concern for people, and this type of activity easily spills over. We’re working hard alongside the bus companies and local authority to tackle this.

“If you want to speak to me about it, or have any details that might help, please contact the team.”
