```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: CCTV footage released in robbery investigation - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/cctv-footage-released-in-robbery-investigation/
```

_Date published: 25 March 2021 11:11_

 _Dated: 25 March 2021 11:00:54_

Officers in Doncaster have released CCTV footage of people they would like to speak to in connection to the robbery of a boy.

It is reported that on 16 March around 8:15am, a 12 year-old boy was standing at the bus stop outside the Dove Inn on Doncaster Road in Barnsley when two men approached him.

One of the men demanded his mobile phone and made threats towards him before snatching the phone from his hand.

We now know that the suspects made their way onto Sheffield Road before walking up Union Street. They are then known to have been near to Morrisons before walking down George St and then toward Dodworth Road.

Officers conducting enquiries appealed for information following the incident and as a result now have CCTV footage to release. They are keen to speak to the men in the footage in connection to the incident.

PC Rebecca Robinson, leading the investigation said: “Our investigation into this robbery is still progressing and I would like to appeal to anybody who recognises the men in the footage to come forward and assist with our enquiries.
“The boy involved in the incident was fortunately unharmed but still understandably shaken, and we know that incidents of this nature will be alarming to parents in the local area, we are continuing our enquiries to find those responsible.

"I would also ask any members of the public who live or work on the following streets; Doncaster Road, Waltham St, Union St, Copper Close, Britannia Close, Thomas St, George St and Dodworth Rd. to carefully check their CCTV or dashcam footage for the times between 8am and 8.30am that morning to see if they have captured any footage of two men, dressed in dark clothing, who could be linked to this investigation."

Can you help? Anybody with information or who recognises the men should contact the police on 101 quoting incident number 147 of the 16 March.
