```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Barnsley officers raise 2K growing a moustache - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/barnsley-officers-raise-2k-growing-a-moustache/
```

_Date published: 06 December 2020 09:08_

 _Dated: 06 December 2020 09:03:50_

Officers from Barnsley have raised over £2000 for men’s charities by taking part in Movember.

They’ve waxed them, they’ve styled them, they’ve brushed and oiled them, but most importantly they’ve grown them!

Movember, held in November sees men around the world grow a moustache and/or a beard to raise awareness of men’s health.

The money men raised is given to charities who research and support those with testicular and prostate cancer, and those who are struggling with their mental health.

Response officers from Barnsley’s B Group, based at Churchfields and Wombwell Station; PC Scott Barron, PC Indi Bassi, PS John Brumby, PC Andy Carey, PC Paul Carpenter, PC Ben Child, PC Jamie Harber, TPS Rob Hepplestone, PC Chris Jackson, PC Jonathan Lonslow, PC Davey Mitchell, PC Will Oya, PC Steve Shipley and PC Mike Tanti.

Their Inspector Clive Collings tells us more; “I am extremely proud of the team for taking part and for persevering with the growing of a moustache, it’s not easy!

“They have raised a huge amount of money that will help fellow men in getting the care, support and treatment they need.

“Not enough people talk about men’s health and taking part in a great cause as a team helps us break down those barriers.”

Great work Barnsley ‘B’ Group!
