```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: 'Autism Awareness Week: How to apply for an Autism Alert Card - SYP'
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/april-2021/autism-awareness-week-how-to-apply-for-an-autism-alert-card/
```

_Date published: 02 April 2021 09:01_

 _Dated: 02 April 2021 10:00:03_

South Yorkshire Police is supporting Autism Awareness Week (29 March-4 April) by reminding people about the force’s Autism Alert Card.

SYP and the National Autistic Society worked together to create the Autism Alert Card, which was launched across the whole of South Yorkshire in March 2020.

The free, credit card sized, alert cards enable police and other emergency services workers communicate with autistic residents more effectively, helping those on the autism spectrum feel more comfortable in what could potentially be an extremely stressful or frightening situation.

As well as the card, the individual also receives an ‘autism passport’, which will contain specific information about how best to communicate them.

 **How does it work?**

The alert cards are designed to help you.

The card tells emergency service professionals and transport personnel that they need to communicate with you a little bit differently.

When you apply for a card, you will need to provide details about your sensory experiences, interests and communication needs.

Then, if you need to present the card, emergency service workers have this information readily available, allowing them to communicate more effectively with you and avoid any misunderstandings.

 ****

**How do I apply for a card?**

Anyone of any age can request an alert card.

You just need to be able to provide us with a copy of your formal diagnosis from your GP, or information that you are awaiting a diagnosis as well as a passport-sized photo.

To apply simply fill in the short form at www.southyorkshire.police.uk/sign-up/autism-alert-or-learning-disability-alert-card/

The form is straightforward, and enables the person to detail their sensory experiences, special interests and specific communications needs.

Completed application forms should be sent to Autism_Alert_Card@southyorks.pnn.police.uk for processing.
