```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Message to residents of Mexborough following incidents - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/message-to-residents-of-mexborough-following-incidents/
```

_Date published: 14 January 2021 14:35_

 _Dated: 14 January 2021 14:34:09_

Senior officers in Doncaster’s command team have issued a message to residents of Mexborough, following the murder of 20-year-old Lewis Williams in the town earlier this week, as well as series of other, unconnected incidents.

Superintendent Neil Thomas said: “We know that the events of this week in Mexborough have caused a lot of distress, upset and understandably some concern.

“Detectives are working at pace to investigate the murder of a young man on Monday afternoon, and those enquiries are ongoing with a number of individuals in police custody.

“We have also seen in the last 24 hours a number of other, unconnected incidents in the Mexborough area, including a fire at a property last night on Chaucer Road.

“We are aware that locally, some concerns have been raised that the fire is in some way connected to the ongoing murder inquiry – I would like to stress that it is not in any way linked. This was an entirely separate matter, subject to its own investigation.

“There remains an increased police presence in the Mexborough area to provide some visible reassurance to our communities and this will continue while the murder investigation progresses.

“There is a dedicated policing team for the Mexborough area, led by Sergeant Richard Mangham, as part of our Doncaster West NPT. Those officers are there to work within the community and listen to your concerns and any information you may hold about suspected criminality of any kind in the town.

“We are here to work with you, to support you and that will not change.”
