```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police issue advice for those using dating apps in lockdown - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/police-issue-advice-for-those-using-dating-apps-in-lockdown/
```

_Date published: 21 December 2020 09:08_

 _Dated: 21 December 2020 09:07:56_

Not everyone is clear about their intentions on dating apps.

If you’re dating in lockdown, make sure you get to know your date, and, if you do decide to meet, meet safely.

Whether you’re a dating app novice, or a swiping pro, it’s important to do what you can to keep yourself safe from predators who may look to take advantage.

 1. Check their profile is verified, or has linked social media accounts. This is a good way to check they are who they say they are.
 2. Don’t cut the small talk. Get to know someone before you meet them. If something feels off, un-match or block.
 3. Why not consider a virtual date first?
 4. Tell a friend. If you do decide to meet, make sure you tell a friend where you are going and when, and agree an exit strategy should you need one.
 5. Meet someone in the daytime or in a well-lit place, with other people around.
 6. If something doesn’t feel right, trust your instincts. End the date.
 7. In an emergency, call 999.

We wish we didn’t have to give you this guidance. In an ideal world, everyone would be able to date safely and without the fear of harm. But sometimes, dream dates can turn into nightmares.

Whilst sexual offences stemming from dating app use are rare, they still do happen, and they can happen to anyone.

Be sure to read our tips and share with your friends for safer, happier dating.

If you think you, or someone you know, may have been a victim of sexual abuse or violence, please report it to us by calling 101 or reporting online here.

We take all reports seriously, we will listen to you, we will take action and provide you with the appropriate support.

You can find out more about what support networks are available in your area here.
