```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police appeal for witnesses after series of incidents in West Melton - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/police-appeal-for-witnesses-after-series-of-incidents-in-west-melton/
```

_Date published: 11 December 2020 10:32_

 _Dated: 11 December 2020 10:31:50_

Police in Rotherham are asking for your help as part of their investigation into a series of reported incidents, involving a group of men carrying weapons.

It is reported that at around 3:30pm on Wednesday 9 December, three men in possession of machetes were seen to damage the rear window of a car parked outside a shop on Masefield Road.

The men were then believed to have been seen again at 5pm on Grove Road where they were seen with what was believed to be a handgun.

A further incident was reported on Wordsworth Road on the same day, in which a group were seen in possession of machetes and knuckle-dusters.

No one has been reported injured and an investigation has been launched.

Detective Sergeant Jamie Crawford, leading the investigation said: “We understand that this series of incidents will be concerning and worrying to the local community.

“I want to reassure you that we will do all we can to bring those responsible to justice.

“We will not tolerate crime of this type in South Yorkshire. Our investigation continues at pace, and we are exploring a number of lines of enquiry.

“Additional patrols are taking place throughout the area to provide reassurance. If you see our officers please do not hesitate to speak to them if you have any concerns or questions; they are there to help and support you.

“We now want to speak to anyone who might have seen the men, or anyone with information that might be able to help them in their enquiries.

“Were you in the area at the time? Did you see or hear anything suspicious?

“If you can help, please call 101 quoting incident number 653 of 9 December.”

Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
