```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Thousands of cars seized in 2020 - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/thousands-of-cars-seized-in-2020/
```

_Date published: 17 February 2021 10:54_

 _Dated: 17 February 2021 10:44:19_

Roads Policing Officers are warning drivers - ‘Insure your vehicle or we will seize it’ following thousands of vehicles being seized last year.

In 2020, just under 4,000 drivers had their vehicles seized for driving with no insurance.

Insurance is a legal requirement for anyone using their vehicle on the roads, but having valid insurance is more than the law, it is designed to protect victims of road traffic collisions. Financial compensation paid out by insurance companies allows victims to repair or replace their car or adapt their homes and lives following serious life-altering injuries.

Alongside financial compensation, routine traffic stops by officers often detect further offences; Roads Policing Sergeant Bruce Yacomeni explains more, he said: “As roads policing officers our main focus is to create safer roads for users and intercept criminals who use our road network to commit serious and organised crime.

“We often find those who are willing to drive without insurance are more likely to take further risks on our roads and drive without the correct documents, an un-road worthy car or dangerously and at speed.

“These drivers have no regard for their own or other road users safety.

“You will see through our work that drivers who we engage in pursuits with are often committing more than having no insurance; we want to remove these drivers off the road.

“The other type of drivers are the ones who believe they are insured but their policy is invalid, or they have not declared their points and convictions; these drivers will face the same legal penalties as anyone else.”

Please insure your vehicle and for those who already have an existing policy please double check the details are correct and the cover is appropriate for your driving purposes.

Ensuring your policy is up to date and you have valid insurance can also help reduce our officers’ interactions during the Covid-19 pandemic, ensuring better safety for all.

*During 2020 3,923 vehicles were seized across South Yorkshire.

*A further 325 were seized last month- January 2021.
