```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Mum and step-dad sentenced for their roles in toddler\u2019s death - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/mum-and-step-dad-sentenced-for-their-roles-in-toddler-s-death/
```

_Date published: 12 November 2020 09:30_

 _Dated: 11 November 2020 17:35:47_

A man and woman have today, Wednesday 11 November, been sentenced for their parts in the death of Doncaster toddler Keigan O’Brien.

Yesterday, Martin Currie, 36, was found guilty of murder and child neglect. He has been sentenced to 22 years in prison. He must serve a minimum of 22 years before he can be considered for release.

Sarah O’Brien, 33, was found guilty of allowing or permitting the death of a child and child neglect. She has been sentenced to eight years in prison.

Over the past five weeks, the court heard how at 11am on Wednesday 8 January, emergency services were called to Keigan’s home in Adwick–Le-Street, Doncaster after the two-year-old was found unconscious and not breathing.

Despite the best efforts of officers and medical teams to save him, Keigan died in hospital the following day. A post-mortem examination showed that Keigan had injuries associated with the level of injury you would obtain through falls from height and in road traffic collisions.

The toddler did not receive medical assistance for nearly two hours when O’Brien finally called Yorkshire Ambulance Service at 10:57am. This gave the pair sufficient time to formulate a series of lies and devise a story which was an attempt to cover the true circumstances that had unfolded.

Read more about the trial and court findings on our website- https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/man-found-guilty-of-murdering-step-son/

Senior investigating officer, Detective Chief Inspector James Axe said: “My thoughts are, as always, with the family and friends who love Keigan on what is another difficult day.

“The two people responsible for the pain and suffering Keigan was subjected to are now facing lengthy sentences in prison.

“Nothing can bring Keigan back, but I hope his loved ones can take closure from today. This investigation has not been easy and you have been in the minds of South Yorkshire Police throughout.”

Ladyship Mrs Justice Jennifer Eady commended officers involved in the case with ‘Judicial Commendations’.

The commendations are given by a judge to officers who are believed to have gone above and beyond in their roles to ensure a prosecution.

Officers who were first on scene and provided CPR to Keigan were commended for their actions; the officers were unaware of the nature of the call and were responding to reports of a child in cardiac arrest.

Ladyship Eady said: “It certainly struck me when I was reading the evidence in this case, how speedily officers attended the scene and the work that they did trying to desperately save the life of Keigan O’Brien, in what were hopeless circumstances.”

DCI James Axe and his team of detectives, DC Lisa Kramer, DC Paul Rooney, DC Michelle Hardy, DC Ellen Speight and Intelligence Officer Karen Jackson were also commended for their commitment in ensuring that Currie and O’Brien were held responsible for their actions.
