```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: South Yorkshire cannabis producer jailed for five years - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/south-yorkshire-cannabis-producer-jailed-for-five-years/
```

_Date published: 17 February 2021 08:26_

 _Dated: 16 February 2021 16:49:13_

A man has been jailed for five years after pleading guilty to large-scale production of cannabis at properties in South Yorkshire.

Vladimir Murrja, 40, was sentenced at Sheffield Crown Court yesterday (15 February).

In February last year, officers from Sheffield Proactive CID located a large cannabis set-up above some commercial premises on Petre Street in the Brightside area of the city.

Over six-hundred cannabis plants were found and seized from the address, but no-one was at the property or arrested at the time.

Police constable Gareth Webb, from Sheffield Proactive CID, said: “However, several months later, officers in Doncaster attended an address on Carlton Road in Wheatley and discovered another set-up of around two-hundred plants.

“Murrja who was at the property at the time, was promptly arrested and unfortunately for him when we took his fingerprints, he was quickly linked to the Petre Street set-up.”

Murrja, of Carlton Road, Doncaster was charged and pleaded guilty to both offences yesterday, he was subsequently served with a five years custodial sentence.

PC Webb added: “The large-scale production of cannabis across South Yorkshire is a major target for our Operation Fortify officers, the estimated street value of the plants seized in these operations was around one million pounds.

“There is absolutely a link between this type of drug supply and serious violent crime, including Class A drugs and firearms offences.

“Criminals like Murrja think they’re under the radar, but they’re not. This is rightly a hefty sentence for these offences and should serve as a warning for others involved in the production of controlled drugs in our city.”
