```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Bogus traders target Doncaster residents - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/bogus-traders-target-doncaster-residents/
```

_Date published: 26 November 2020 10:49_

 _Dated: 26 November 2020 10:45:55_

Doncaster residents are urged to beware of bogus traders following two incidents yesterday involving suspected fraudsters pretending there were problems with the water supply.

In one incident, a 75-year-old man who was ill in bed woke up to find a stranger standing over him, demanding he get up as there was a water emergency.

Police are now conducting reassurance patrols and appealing for anyone with information about the incidents to come forward.

The first incident occurred at around 1pm yesterday afternoon on Doncaster Road in Kirk Sandall.

Doncaster Detective Sergeant Claire Moss said: "Two white men with foreign accents 'conned' their way into the house, claiming they needed to switch off the stop cock and run the water as they had hit a water main while taking down a neighbour's tree.

"One of the men went upstairs alone while the other stayed downstairs with two of the residents, however a third resident was upstairs and kept a close eye on the offender. Luckily, the men left empty handed."

Around 45 minutes later, at 1.45pm, a 75-year-old man awoke to find a man standing at the side of his bed at his home on Gordon Square, Stainforth.

DS Moss said: "The suspect demanded he got up as there was a water emergency and his neighbours' properties were being flooded.

"The man, who was ill, got up and dressed, and was told to stand in the bathroom and watch the taps running. Thankfully, the victim suspected something wasn't quite right and followed the suspect downstairs, where two further men were looking around his home."

All three men ran out of the back door and reportedly fled along a service road onto Church Road, before getting into a grey car.

The Gordon Square suspects were described as white males, wearing face coverings and dark clothing. Two of the men were of a stocky build and ages in their 20s or 30s, while the third man was younger and slimmer.

DS Moss added: "Fortunately, it is not believed that anything was taken in either of these incidents, but it was still a very unsettling ordeal for the residents and enquiries are ongoing to trace those responsible. The incidents also serve as a reminder to us all to keep our homes secure and follow crime prevention advice."

If you have any information about the Doncaster Road incident, call police on 101 quoting incident number 399 of 25 November. For Gordon Square, call 101 with incident number 449 of 25 November.

 **STAY SAFE**

 * Always ask for identification before letting anybody you don't know into your home.

 * If the person claims to work for a certain company, tell them to stay outside while you call the company to check what they are claiming is true. Keep your door secure while you do so.

 * Remember there is no such thing as the 'water board' - our water supplier in South Yorkshire is Yorkshire Water.

 * If in any doubt, ask the person to leave and dial 999 if they refuse to do so.
