```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Double conviction in Rotherham murder inquiry - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/double-conviction-in-rotherham-murder-inquiry/
```

_Date published: 31 December 2020 14:58_

 _Dated: 31 December 2020 14:58:30_

A girlfriend and housemate have today (Thursday 31 December) been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a man at his home in Eastwood, Rotherham, last year.

Indre Barysaite, now 30, and Dimitrijus Jakimovas, now 33, were both found guilty of murdering Barysaite’s then boyfriend Zygimantas Kromelys, 26, at the home they all shared in Denman Street on 10 November 2019.

Police were called shortly after 9.30pm that night to reports that Zygimantas, also known as ‘Zygi’ was injured. When officers arrived, they were greeted by a hysterical Barysaite and a critically injured Zygi. Despite the best efforts of police and paramedics, the Lithuanian national was sadly pronounced dead shortly after 10pm. He’d been stabbed once in the chest.

With attending officers sceptical of their accounts, detectives immediately declared a murder investigation. Zygi’s then 29-year-old girlfriend Barysaite, and their housemate Jakimovas were both arrested on suspicion of his murder.

Following a four-week trial at Sheffield Crown Court, both Barysaite and Jakimovas were today found guilty by majority verdict of killing Zygi.

Barysaite was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of 14-years, with Jakimovas also jailed for life, with a minimum term of 14 years and eight months.

Senior investigating officer, DCI Mark Oughton spoke after today’s court hearing. He said: “Barysaite and Jakimovas have always denied stabbing Zygi. Instead, they worked together and attempted to divert the early stages of the investigation, concocting numerous fictional accounts. First, the pair claimed that Zygi had fallen and injured himself on a spike while outside, then that he was stabbed by a third party, again while outside and lastly, that he had stabbed himself in the chest.

“CCTV footage overlooking the property proved these claims to be categorically untrue. The final clip we have of Zygi alive was him taking the bins out shortly after 9pm, before re-entering the kitchen through the back door. Nobody else entered or exited the property before emergency services were called at 9.36pm – meaning all three were inside at the time of the stabbing.

“What exactly led to Zygi’s death we may never know, but what we can be sure of is a toxic and destructive relationship between Zygi and Barysaite, with alcohol-fuelled arguments and claims of self-harm between the pair. We can surmise that an argument broke out between the three after Zygi and Jakimovas went to the shop earlier that evening.”

DCI Oughton has thanked his investigation team for their meticulous piecing together of the three’s final movements that evening, which was crucial in securing the convictions.

“I would like to commend the officers who spent their time watching hundreds of hours of CCTV footage. In the absence of a murder weapon, this has been an incredibly challenging investigation, and CCTV proved absolutely crucial. I’m pleased we have secured this double conviction, and my thoughts are now with Zygi’s family and friends.”

Indre Barysaite, found guilty of murder and jailed for life (minimum term of 14 years)

> Dimitrijus Jakimovas, found guilty of murder and jailed for life (minimum term of 14 years and eight months)
