```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Don\u2019t let car thieves steal Christmas - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/don-t-let-car-thieves-steal-christmas/
```

_Date published: 08 December 2020 15:50_

 _Dated: 08 December 2020 15:43:23_

Christmas is time for communities to support each other and come together, but for some, it is an opportunity to steal and ruin the festive cheer.

Roads Policing Officers are warning drivers, including those that deliver parcels, to be extra vigilant in the run up to Christmas.

Thieves are stealing cars and stolen cars are a danger to our communities.

Delivery drivers are being urged to remember that car thieves are watching, and they will take their chance to steal your vehicle and parcels.

As the mornings become colder, we also see an increase of cars with their engines running on driveways while window screens clear from ice and snow; criminals will take this opportunity to steal your car.

Roads Policing Sergeant Matt Duffy tells us more, he said: “Sadly, Christmas is a time when thieves take advantage of people. Last month we had two incidents in which delivery drivers, driving their personal vehicles, were targeted. Their cars, alongside parcels and personal items, were stolen within the time it took for them to make a quick delivery.

“Please lock your car every time you get out; do not leave your car running for any reason, even on your own drive way.

“If officers see a car engine running without a driver inside, we can report you to your insurance company or issue you with a fine.

“We don’t want to issue anyone a ticket for something that can be avoided, but we must take action. Thieves that steal cars pose a risk to our communities.

“Stolen cars are more likely to be used in further crimes, be driven dangerously and take extra risks, including failing to stop for officers; this creates risks for other drivers on the road and pedestrians, and gives thieves the opportunity to commit crimes and impact on people’s lives.

“We can all take simple steps to avoid this happening, so please lock your doors, for everyone’s safety.”

Please be vigilant and remember to lock your car, never leave your car unattended and remove all personal items when leaving your car. More about car safety can be found here.

If you suspect someone is following you or acting suspiciously please call 101 or 999 in an emergency.
