```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: When it comes to Domestic Abuse you are never alone - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/when-it-comes-to-domestic-abuse-you-are-never-alone/
```

_Date published: 25 March 2021 10:08_

 _Dated: 25 March 2021 10:04:13_

Over the last 12 months we have all been staying at home and doing everything we can to stay safe, nobody has been able to avoid the impact that COVID-19 has had.

We know that for those who have suffered, or are suffering, domestic abuse in any of its forms the last few months have been incredibly hard.

If you are worried that someone you care about is threatening them, controlling their behaviour or being violent, this is domestic abuse. If you have concerns that someone you know is suffering domestic abuse, please know that we can help.

Right now, perpetrators of domestic abuse may be taking advantage of the Covid-19 situation by:

• Trying to stop someone leaving the house for fresh air, medications or essential items
(please visit https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus for the current government advice on staying safe and who needs to isolate)

• Trying to stop someone having contact with friends or family via phone, text, or video messaging – all of which are safe to do.

This behaviour is #NotNormal

If you suspect or even know that a friend or member of your family is being abused, please know that there is support available.

If someone is in immediate danger, they should dial 999. If they cannot speak for fear of being overheard, they can press ‘55’ and our operators will listen, assess the situation based on what they can hear and send the appropriate response.

If your friend or family member is not comfortable speaking to the police, or if you want to seek some further advice about how you can help, there are many charities across South Yorkshire who offer advice and support.

You are not alone.

> If you suspect or even know that a friend or member of your family is being abused, please know that there is support available.
