```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Did you witness a hit and run in Doncaster? - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/did-you-witness-a-hit-and-run-in-doncaster/
```

_Date published: 30 March 2021 09:53_

 _Dated: 30 March 2021 10:31:12_

Officers from our Serious Collisions Unit are appealing for information, witnesses and dashcam footage following a hit and run in Doncaster.

Yesterday (29 March) around 9:10am, officers attended reports of a road traffic collision on Littlemoor Lane in Balby involving a white Ford Transit tipper and a 76 year-old woman.

It is believed that the Transit collided with the woman whilst attempting a reversing manoeuvre. It is alleged the driver and passenger got out of the vehicle and witnessed the woman on the floor before leaving the scene.

Officers later recovered the vehicle in the Doncaster and arrested two men, the driver, a 38 year old man was arrested on suspicion of theft of motor vehicle, causing serious injury by dangerous driving and failing to stop at a collision scene. He has been released under investigation.

A 56 year-old man was arrested on suspicion of Pervert the Course of Justice, he remains in police custody.

The woman is being treated at Hallamshire Hospital for serious injuries to her brain and pelvis.

Officers are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident or may have dashcam of the vehicle prior or after the collision. If you can help please call 101 quoting incident number 203 of 29 March 2021.
