```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Appeal for witnesses after attempted robbery near Crystal Peaks - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/appeal-for-witnesses-after-attempted-robbery-near-crystal-peaks/
```

_Date published: 19 February 2021 13:14_

 _Dated: 19 February 2021 13:12:31_

We are currently investigating an attempted robbery in Sheffield, after a woman was dragged out of her vehicle and threatened by a van driver when she refused to hand over her dog.

The incident happened at around 2pm on Monday afternoon (15 February) on the Waterthorpe Greenway close to Crystal Peaks shopping centre.

It is reported that the victim, a woman in her 50s, had her dog in the car with her and was approaching the junction close to the centre in her car when a white van pulled up in front of her.

The driver of the van got out of the vehicle and approached her car, asking her to hand over her dog, a Lhasa Apso.

Detective Sergeant Matt Penn, from Sheffield CID, said: “When the victim refused, the man grabbed her by the hair through the open window and pulled her out of the car, causing her to fall to the ground. The man then got back in his van and drove off, leaving the victim with serious bruising and cuts to her knees.

“Officers are supporting the victim and enquiries are underway. We are currently exploring various lines of enquiry and reviewing CCTV from the scene.

“We believe the offender was a man in his late 40s, around 5ft 8ins tall and of a large build. He was reported to be wearing blue stonewash jeans and a grey v-neck top."

DS Penn added: “This is naturally a really concerning incident and I know it has caused some distress in the community after details were shared on social media. I would like to reassure people that enquiries by detectives and our local neighbourhood officers are progressing at pace.

“I would urge anyone who saw what happened on Monday to please get in touch. Did you notice anything unusual on Waterthorpe Greenway? Did you see a van driving at speed in the area? Any little detail could help our investigation.”

If you have any information that might help our enquiries, please call 101 quoting crime reference number 14/31351/21.

You can also make a report online using our new live chat function or online reporting forms by visiting our website.
