```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "\xA3600k drugs seized in Rotherham Christmas crackdown - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/600k-drugs-seized-in-rotherham-christmas-crackdown/
```

_Date published: 22 December 2020 15:27_

 _Dated: 22 December 2020 15:26:49_

Police in Rotherham have been busy spreading festive cheer through a series of early morning targeted raids. The proactive three-week operation led to £60,000 in cash seized, two firearms being recovered and drugs worth almost £600,000 being taken off the streets.

The activity has also resulted in 21 people being arrested, eight of which have already been charged, the rest remain under investigation.

Between Monday 30 November and Friday 18 December, officers carried out 20 proactive warrants to crack down on drugs supply and associated violent crime.

This led to the recovery of:
\- £550,000 cannabis
\- £48,000 Class A drugs
\- Two firearms
\- Two grenades

Rotherham's Detective Inspector Scott Szymczak said: “This operation has led to a significant amount of drugs and cash being seized in a very short space of time. Four very dangerous weapons have also been recovered, preventing them falling in to the wrong hands.

“Intensification periods such as this are a prime example of the excellent work being undertaken by officers each and every day in order to protect our communities.

“I want people to be confident that we are taking a proactive approach to taking drugs off the streets and preventing serious violence which we know comes hand in hand with their supply.

“Community intelligence can be used to not only detect, but prevent crime. It really does help us keep South Yorkshire safe.

“If you don’t want to speak to police, you can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. They are a totally independent charity and you will remain 100% anonymous – they never ask your name and they cannot trace your call or the IP address of the device you use.”

Alternatively, you can visit their website https://crimestoppers-uk.org/.
