```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police appeal for witnesses following reported shootings in Machon Bank and Nether Edge - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/police-appeal-for-witnesses-following-reported-shootings-in-machon-bank-and-nether-edge/
```

_Date published: 09 May 2020 10:37_

 _Dated: 09 May 2020 11:37:00_

Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward following two reported shootings in the Machon Bank and Nether Edge areas last night (8 May 2020).

At around 6:54pm, police responded to reports from members of the community of shots fired in Machon Bank. It is understood that firearms were discharged between two groups of men. On attending the scene, police discovered damage to two vehicles and a window of a nearby property consistent with firearm discharge. Yesterday (8 May 2020), police recovered a firearm at a location near to Machon Bank.

At around 7:30pm police were called to a report of damage to an address in Union Street, Nether Edge. Police attended the scene and discovered damage to a window consistent with a firearms discharge.

The two incidents are being treated as linked. Cordons remain in place at both locations while officers conduct their enquiries.

There is an increased police presence in Machon Bank and Nether Edge today to provide reassurance to the local community.

Sheffield’s Detective Chief Inspector Jamie Henderson said: “The investigations into these incidents are in their very early stages but please be rest assured that enquiries are underway and we have a dedicated team of officers working hard to find those responsible.

“Already, the team have made progress by locating a firearm close to Machon Bank. We hope that the news that another dangerous weapon has been taken off the streets is reassuring to the community.

“We recognise that these incidents, as well as the two separate incidents in Burngreave and Sharrow yesterday (8 May 2020), may be worrying to members of the public.

“We believe these incidents to be targeted, however we understand that the local community may have concerns around the associated risks with this type of crime. Patrols will continue throughout the day to provide reassurance and ensure everyone feels safe.

“If you have any concerns or questions, please do speak to our officers out on patrol; they are there to help and support you.

“While our investigation progresses at pace, I’d like to encourage members of the public to come forward; it is information from you that could make all the difference in our investigation.

"No matter how insignificant you feel your information might be, please report it to us. If you heard anything, if you saw anything, or if you think you know who is responsible, call 101 and quote incident number 822 of 8 May.

“Or alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.

“Lastly, I’d like to appeal directly to those responsible for these incidents.

“Firearms offences of this nature simply will not be tolerated in South Yorkshire and our detectives are working tirelessly to bring you to justice. Gun crime destroys lives and tears families apart. Over my career, I’ve seen those involved in these type of crimes lose brothers, fathers and friends. If you have any knowledge of what happened last night, it’s time to do the right thing.

“If you have any information for us, come forward.”
