```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "All I want for Christmas is\u2026 car insurance - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/all-i-want-for-christmas-is-car-insurance/
```

_Date published: 24 December 2020 11:01_

 _Dated: 24 December 2020 11:00:03_

If you are still thinking of what you can ask Santa for this year, we’re urging you to consider car insurance.

Officers from across our force seize on average 10 vehicles a day from the roads of South Yorkshire for having no insurance; this year we’re urging you to take out insurance or to check your current insurance is valid, before losing your car over the festive period or in the new year.

Christmas day doesn’t stop officers taking action, they’re on duty and they’re committed to keeping you and those using the road network safe. Last December, 324 vehicles were seized for no insurance, with 21 vehicles being seized on Christmas day for various reasons.

Roads Policing Inspector Jason Booth explains why it’s important to get your vehicle insured, he said: “Driving without insurance is against the law and will not be tolerated in South Yorkshire.

“It is proven that those who are willing to drive without insurance are also more willing to take further risks on our roads, including driving dangerously or while under the influence of drugs or alcohol, however there are also people who are unaware that their insurance is invalid or adhere to restrictions on their policy.

“Having valid vehicle insurance is more than the law, it is designed to provide and protect victims of road traffic collisions by providing them with financial compensation.

“Those caught without valid insurance can face having their vehicle seized, receive a minimum of £300 fine and six points on their licence.

“This Christmas think about your own friends and family, check your policies or take out insurance.”

You can check the insurance status of a car through the MIB website- https://www.mib.org.uk/
