```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Officers investigating investment fraud make two arrests - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/officers-investigating-investment-fraud-make-two-arrests/
```

_Date published: 18 March 2021 14:51_

 _Dated: 18 March 2021 14:51:05_

Two people have been detained in connection with an ongoing South Yorkshire Police fraud investigation.

The suspects, aged 48 and 50, were arrested on suspicion of fraud by false representation and money laundering following the execution of warrants at different locations across the country yesterday (17 March).

The investigation centres around a number of reports received from victims who have lost money in an investment fraud - a type of fraud where you are tricked into investing in a scheme or product which turns out not to exist.

The victims are then reported to have later received a follow-up call from a fake business claiming they will be able to recover the lost funds - for a fee. This is known as fraud recovery fraud.

Two properties – one in Sheffield and one in North Wales - were searched following the execution of the warrants. Two people arrested have now been released under investigation.

The SYP activity comes as data analysis by the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau (NFIB) has today revealed that the national average loss suffered by a repeat victim of fraud, who reported at least one investment fraud, was 14 times the average loss by all fraud victims.

The NFIB, which is based within the City of London Police - the national lead force for economic crime - made the findings following analysis of a huge dataset received from the national fraud and cyber crime reporting centre, Action Fraud.

In South Yorkshire, there were 248 reports of investment fraud between February 2020 and February 2021. This equated to reported financial losses of over £4 million pounds. In the same time period, there were 30 reports of fraud recovery fraud, totalling almost £50,000.

The analysis also showed that nationally, some £373 million was lost by repeat victims of fraud in the financial year 2019/20, with the average repeat victim losing £21,121. However, when a repeat victim was reporting at least one investment fraud, this figure jumped 300 per cent to £84,604.

Chief Inspector Leanne Dean, the SYP lead for economic crime, fraud and asset recovery, said: "Investment fraud - and subsequent fraud recovery frauds - are particularly distressing fraud types. Not only has the victim lost what can be a substantial amount of money, but the fraudsters then stoop low enough to target the same person yet again, making empty promises that fake companies can get their money back for them. The impact, both financially and emotionally, can be significant.

"Here in South Yorkshire we therefore take reports of this type of offending extremely seriously and will always take action when we are able to do so. The warrants we executed yesterday across the country demonstrate our determination to track down suspected perpetrators and our enquiries into this particular investigation will continue.

"If you think you have been a victim of this sort of scam or any type of fraud, it is so important that you report it to Action Fraud so that valuable information and intelligence can be shared and circulated. Your information may just prevent somebody else from becoming a victim too."

Contact your bank immediately if you think you’ve fallen for a scam and report it to Action Fraud via actionfraud.police.uk or on 0300 123 2040.

 **Protect yourself**

Criminals are experts at impersonating people, organisations and even the police. They spend hours researching you for their scams, hoping you’ll let your guard down for just a moment. Stop and think. It could protect you and your money.

 **STOP**
If you’ve been the victim of a fraud in the past, you should be alert to fraud recovery scams and be suspicious of any calls, letters or emails you receive from people you don’t know, or companies you’ve never contacted.

 **CHALLENGE**
Ask how they found out that you were previously a victim of fraud. Any report of fraud is protected by law and can’t be shared with anyone else outside of law enforcement agencies.

 **PROTECT**
If you’re asked to pay a fee, or give your bank account details, end all contact. Genuine agencies never ask for fees to recover money lost to fraud.
