```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Chief Constable Stephen Watson announced as preferred candidate for Manchester top job - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/chief-constable-stephen-watson-announced-as-preferred-candidate-for-manchester-top-job/
```

_Date published: 24 March 2021 13:43_

 _Dated: 24 March 2021 13:32:33_

South Yorkshire Police’s Chief Constable Stephen Watson QPM has been announced as the preferred candidate for the role of Chief Constable for Greater Manchester Police.

The appointment is subject to the approval of the Greater Manchester Police and Crime Panel which is meeting on Friday 26th March.

Chief Constable Stephen Watson responded to the announcement:

“I am delighted to have been announced as the preferred candidate to take up the role of Chief Constable for Greater Manchester”.

“I’m incredibly proud of all that South Yorkshire Police has achieved in recent years and believe this is very much testament to the talent, commitment and sheer hard work of officers, staff and volunteers across the force. We have been well supported by local communities, partner agencies and charities to ensure we reach our shared goal of delivering a police service, which protects and supports the communities it serves.

“The challenges that lay ahead for Greater Manchester Police reflect where we were as a force five years ago. South Yorkshire’s progress provides inspiration and motivation to others of exactly what can be achieved.

“I’m delighted to take on the role of Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police but will be always have a deep affinity for South Yorkshire and remain proud of the transformation we achieved together as a community.

“South Yorkshire Police is now on a strong upward trajectory and I have every faith that the force will sustain the outstanding progress that has been made given the truly excellent people that make up the SYP of today”.

A new Chief Constable for South Yorkshire will be appointed following the Police and Crime Commissioner elections in May.

Chief Constable Stephen Watson
