```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Family pay tribute after fatal collision on Dearne Valley Parkway - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/family-pay-tribute-after-fatal-collision-on-dearne-valley-parkway/
```

_Date published: 05 March 2021 11:03_

 _Dated: 05 March 2021 10:56:05_

A cyclist who died in a fatal collision on the Dearne Valley Parkway last month has today been named as Travis Frost.

At 9.15pm on Tuesday 23 February, Travis was cycling from the Broomhill roundabout towards the Cathill roundabout on the A6195 when he was in collision with a black BMW X5, travelling in the same direction.

Travis, 20, was suffered serious injuries and was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. His family has today released this tribute: “Travis meant the world to us. He was the best dad he could ever have been and his son, Archie, will miss him every day.

“The day Travis died was his mum’s birthday, a day that will never been the same for us again. A day which should have been filled with celebration will now be filled with memories of Travis, and a feeling of loss.”

“We thank everyone who has respected our privacy at this difficult time.”

The driver of the BMW, a 30-year-old man from Barnsley was arrested at the scene on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, being unfit through drink or drugs, being over the prescribed limit and driving with no insurance.

A 30-year-old woman, also from Barnsley, who was a passenger in the car was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Both have since been released under investigation.

As we continue with our enquiries, we are urging for any witnesses to contact us.

We would like to hear from anyone with dash-cam footage, who saw the cyclist prior to the collision or the manner of driving of the BMW.

Please call 101 quoting incident number 1004 of 23 February 2021 if you can help.
