```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Celebrating PD Winston\u2019s happy birthday! - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/celebrating-pd-winston-s-happy-birthday/
```

_Date published: 19 February 2021 14:59_

 _Dated: 19 February 2021 14:55:05_

We are today (19 February) celebrating PD Winston’s birthday!

As another year passes, we would like to take this time to wish him a ‘pawsome’ day and thank him for his service.

He might be on duty today, but he will be swapping sniffing out firearms, cash and drugs for birthday cake, during a break with his friends at our training school in Sheffield.

Being one of our older dogs at eight years of age, you would think he would prefer to spend his day with his paws up, however being an English Springer Spaniel and loving his work, he will do that when he gets home with his handler PC Schofield and PD Kip.

PD Winston became a cash, drug and weapons dog in 2014 and after finding over a million pounds worth of drugs and firearms linked to serious and organised crime, he hung his harness up and re-trained in specialist-detection dog work, retiring from SYP.

With low numbers of dogs, we asked Winston if he would come back to the force in 2019, which he kindly agreed to and has continued to help protect the communities of South Yorkshire since.

Some of PD Winston’s career highlights include recovering over £700,000 worth of cocaine in one find and sniffing out several hundreds of thousands of pounds of cash, including £150,000 that was hidden in a cellar.

He has also located shell casings and firearms for forensic opportunities in serious shootings and murder investigations, and last year won the first ever Operational Support Unit’s ‘Animal of the Year Award’.

Our dogs and horses are part of our policing family, they love their jobs and put themselves in danger to protect their handlers and the public, they are true heroes
We wish PD Winston a very happy day, spoilt with lots of love and fuss!
