```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Sheffield gang member jailed for 14 years - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/sheffield-gang-member-jailed-for-14-years/
```

_Date published: 22 December 2020 12:25_

 _Dated: 22 December 2020 12:24:57_

A self-proclaimed Sheffield gang member has been jailed for 14 years after pleading guilty to a series of firearms offences.

Matthew Herring, 23, was charged in relation to a shooting in Heeley Green on 14 May. Police received several reports of shots being fired on Farish Place at the junction with Denson Close. The shooting was believed to be the result of a dispute between two rival drugs gangs.

Following his arrest, Herring described as a “loyal lieutenant” within a prolific Sheffield gang, was forensically linked to two firearms – a rifle and a sawn-off shotgun – which had been recovered by officers during searches in the Heeley area.

PC David Stacey, investigating said: “This is a significant step forward in our efforts to tackle organised crime in the city. There have been a series of shootings across Sheffield this year and we have responded by directing our efforts at high-risk offenders, like Herring, who would seek to do harm to our communities.”

This year has seen the force’s dedicated Armed Crime Team (ACT) and Serious Violent Crime Task Force (SVCTF) increase their patrols, target searches, seize weapons and relentlessly pursue those believed to be linked to violent and organised crime.

PC Stacey continued: “We have worked extremely hard to get to this point and I am pleased with the sentenced passed as a result of this investigation. I hope this sends a clear message and serves to reassure communities in Sheffield of how organised criminality and weapons have no place on our streets. There are severe consequences that come with being an OCG member and they will be punished."

Imposing the sentence, HH Judge Richardson observed how Herring was part of a gang which used guns on the streets of Sheffield. He said: “Guns are used to enforce gang land drug dealing – to kill, threaten and intimidate. Those who utilise guns will be punished severely. The streets must not be the venue for gang-led violence.”

Herring, formerly of Abney Road, admitted possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life and participating in the activities of an organised crime group. He also entered a guilty plea to possessing a firearm without a certificate, possessing ammunition for a firearm without a certificate and possessing a firearm of length less than 30/60cm between 16 April and 2 June 2020.

He was jailed at Sheffield Crown Court yesterday (21 December).

Matthew Herring
