```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Efit released after racially aggravated assault - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/july-2020/efit-released-after-racially-aggravated-assault/
```

_Date published: 30 July 2020 14:42_

 _Dated: 30 July 2020 15:41:33_

Officers in Rotherham are asking for your help to identify the man in this e-fit image.

This is in connection to a reported racially aggravated assault in Herringthorpe on Saturday 18 July. At around 1.30pm, two Asian women, both in their 40s, were walking along Herringthorpe Valley Road when a man began shouting racist remarks. An altercation took place during which one of the women is said to have been assaulted.

T/Inspector Alec Gibbons, investigating, said: “The man we are looking to trace is described as white, in his 40s, and wearing a dark blue and white horizontal striped T-shirt, light blue jeans, a plain dark blue baseball cap and dark sunglasses.

“We are also keen to speak to anyone who was on Herringthorpe Valley Road that afternoon and witnessed the incident, or saw the man in question.”

Do you recognise the man in the image?

You can contact police by calling 101 or by emailing enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk. The incident number to quote is 528 of 18 July 2020.

If you would prefer not to speak to police, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.

While we welcome interaction on this page, we do not tolerate swearing, racism or abusive posts. Comments of this nature will be removed and, where appropriate, also investigated by police.
