```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Cars and Class A drugs recovered in Sheffield warrant - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/cars-and-class-a-drugs-recovered-in-sheffield-warrant/
```

_Date published: 16 March 2021 09:46_

 _Dated: 16 March 2021 09:46:03_

Officers from Sheffield Proactive CID had a productive morning yesterday, recovering six vehicles suspected to be stolen and Class A drugs from an industrial lockup (15 March).

The team executed a warrant at the premises close to the Wicker in Sheffield following intelligence received about organised criminal activity and seized quantities of Class A drugs and other controlled drugs.

Detective Constable Mike Jenkins said: “As well as a significant quantity of drugs, we also recovered cash which was hidden away in the premises.

“The vehicles we recovered are all believed to have been stolen in incidents across the north of England so this is a really good result for our team and the public.

“We are carrying out these types of raids on addresses across the city every week, based on intelligence and information coming from our communities. I hope that people see this and realise that working with us does make a difference.

“Whilst no-one was at the premises at the time, we are now carrying out significant enquiries to identify a number of people we want to speak to.

“Organised crime has an impact on all of us, we are committed to disrupting the activity of criminals in this city.”

If you have any information about organised crime where you live, please call us today.

You can ring 101 or make a report online.
