```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Man named in fatal collision investigation - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/man-named-in-fatal-collision-investigation/
```

_Date published: 03 February 2021 12:57_

 _Dated: 02 February 2021 09:42:58_

The family of a man killed in a road traffic collision have today (1 February) shared his name, as they urge witnesses to come forward and help officers with their investigation.

Just before 6pm on Monday 11 January, officers received a report of a road traffic collision involving a car and a pedestrian on Carr House Road in Doncaster.

The pedestrian, a 65-year-old man who has been named by family as John Cave, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

It is reported that a red Peugeot 207 collided with John. The driver remained on scene and is assisting officers with their enquiries, but to further their investigation additional details are needed.

John’s step-daughter Jane Murray is urging witnesses and those with information to come forward. She said: “John was a loving father, granddad and friend to all. He was a happy, outgoing, friendly man and everyone who met him loved him.
“As a family we are hurt and grieving our loved one, and at this time ask for privacy.
“We don't hold any malice towards the driver for the collision and want a fair and independent investigation to find out what has happened.”

Witnesses to the collision, especially motorists with dash-cam footage, are asked to call 101 quoting incident number 588 of 11 January 2021. You can email footage to enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk and put the incident number in the email subject.
