```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Christmas campaign launch - We are all in this together - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/christmas-campaign-launch-we-are-all-in-this-together/
```

_Date published: 01 December 2020 15:57_

 _Dated: 01 December 2020 15:51:33_

We know that this year hasn’t quite been what people had planned for 2020 and as we head into December, things look very different for the festive period.

One thing that hasn’t changed though is our officers remain there for you 24 hours a day, not just over the Christmas period but every day throughout the year.

We are launching our Christmas campaign today (1 December) to remind people that even though celebrations may look different, if we all stick together and follow the rules we can have a safe and enjoyable Christmas.

Each week, we will be sharing tips on how you can stay safe this year and keep an eye out for those vulnerable people in your community.

Our drink driving campaign is starting this week, and throughout December, we will continue to raise awareness and share messages around domestic violence, violent crime and sexual offences.

Superintendent Paul McCurry said; “As we head into December with celebrations looking very different to normal festivities, I want to reassure you that we are here for you and your families and we want everybody to have a safe and enjoyable Christmas despite the restrictions.

“After the year we have had, we know that families will want to relax and enjoy some time together, especially over the five-day period where we see the rules temporarily relaxed. My message to the people of South Yorkshire is to ensure they understand and follow the measures in place to allow us to enjoy the celebrations safely.

“Frontline officers and staff behind the scenes will be working hard over the festive period but everyone needs to play their part to protect the most vulnerable.

“Please share the messages and take on board the safety advice we will be giving you over the coming weeks. We hope you all have a happy Christmas. Please look after yourselves and each other”

Make sure you are following our social media accounts on twitter @SYPTweet Facebook @SouthYorkshirePolice and Instagram @southyorkshirepolice. Please also follow your local council’s social media accounts for up to date information and advice relating to restrictions in your area.

PD Buddy, getting into the Christmas spirit.
