```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Enjoy your evening but do it responsibly - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/enjoy-your-evening-but-do-it-responsibly/
```

_Date published: 05 November 2020 12:22_

 _Dated: 04 November 2020 13:00:16_

This Bonfire Night will be different; organised displays have been cancelled and the country will be under a second national lockdown.

However, the demand on our service and the work our officers are undertaking will be the same as previous years. We are asking you to show respect to emergency services who are already working in difficult and challenging conditions.

We always see an increase in reports of anti-social behaviour around Bonfire Night and our officers are on duty to protect their communities, they should not be victims of inconsiderate and dangerous behaviour.

Last year, over Halloween and Bonfire Night, 17 officers were assaulted, with 15 suffering injuries. This is not part of the job and will not be tolerated.

Last week as people were celebrating Halloween, we received 280 calls reporting incidents involving fireworks being thrown at people, including our officers, into houses and gardens, vehicles and at animals.

Dark Nights Silver Commander Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman said: “Recent events involving attacks on officers and animals that we have seen over the Halloween weekend have been on some occasions unlawful and have caused distress to law-abiding members of the public.

“We know the majority of people in our communities are respectful and supportive of our work, but a small minority ruin it for others.

“Our officers, and staff in our control room are already working hard to deal with an increase in demand. Officers from neighbourhood teams and from across the force have been out patrolling in order to keep our communities safe and to face abuse or the threat of injury when they are trying to help is not acceptable.

“Most reports we have seen coming into our control room are those involving youths. Last weekend, youths threw lit fireworks into a police car while our officers were in it. Thankfully the officers managed to get out of the vehicle unharmed but this could have been a lot worse. Damage was caused to the car, which had to be taken off the road while being repaired.

“Youths were also reported to be aiming lit fireworks at swans at Frecheville Pond. Teenagers located nearby were searched and one was found to be in possession of fireworks, he was referred to the Youth Offending Team.

“Parents are responsible for their children and I continue to urge you to speak to them about the dangers of fireworks and the results of their actions, gaining a criminal record at a young age can have serious implications for their future.”

During Bonfire Night, officers will have an increased visibility and neighbourhood officers will be conducting patrols in their areas.

How can you help us?

 **Tips on how to stay safe**

Garden bonfires are permitted but not advisable. They spread easily and can quickly become out of control. However, if you must have one, keep it away from trees, sheds and fences, and never use petrol or other accelerants to get it going.

If you are going to use fireworks, only use genuine ones, follow the manufacturer’s instructions and, please, be sensible. Fireworks and sparklers must only be used in your own garden, they cannot be set off in public places or parks, it is illegal to do so.

Please also remember there are laws around when you can and cannot set them off. Fireworks can be let off between 7am and 11pm, however on Bonfire Night, they can be let off between 7am and midnight and therefore we are powerless to act.

Police do not deal with noise nuisance, this needs to be reported to your local council.

Bring your wheelie bin in straight after is has been emptied.

Do you not leave rubbish or furniture outside of your home.

Please remember that this is an extremely busy time for officers and call takers in the control room. We are asking our communities to think before you call 999 or 101. If you are wanting to report a non-emergency crime please do so through our website.

Chief Superintendent Poolman added: “Remember we are all in this together, we want everyone to have an enjoyable evening and to be safe. We have more information available on our website.”

For more information about Bonfire safety please visit South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue.
