```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: High visibility patrols and partnership efforts continue in Page Hall - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/high-visibility-patrols-and-partnership-efforts-continue-in-page-hall/
```

_Date published: 15 February 2021 15:16_

 _Dated: 15 February 2021 15:16:38_

Officers in Page Hall were joined by partner agencies and community groups on Friday (12 February) as they continue with ongoing efforts to tackle anti-social behaviour and breaches of Covid-19 regulations.

Since our new Page Hall Police Team was created in October 2020, dedicated officers have been working hard to establish a high visibility presence in the area.

They’ve also been working closely with Sheffield City Council’s street wardens, to help resolve environmental issues such as waste and noise nuisance, fly-tipping and housing concerns.

Whilst officers are regularly carrying out enforcement operations and days of action, Friday was the first involving a full partnership approach.

Acting Police Sergeant Alistair Stanistreet, coordinating the operation, said: “As a police team, we’ve been prioritising enforcement since our arrival in Page Hall, we’ve had some really positive results and we are starting to see a change in behaviour.

“We acknowledge we are starting with small steps, but what we’re seeing is encouraging.

“On Friday the team were focusing on several issues, primarily breaches of Covid-19 regulations but also some long-running environmental problems.

“We want to see our coordinated efforts result in positivity and pride in the area for all our communities.”

The police contingent consisted of the Page Hall Team supported by the Burngreave Policing Team and colleagues from the special constabulary.

Sheffield City Council supported the operation by providing street wardens, environmental health officers, dedicated COVID-19 enforcement officers, and volunteer translators to assist officers in visiting and educating addresses where there have been reports of large gatherings.

The local authority also provided printed materials and translated videos to help with longer-term engagement.

On Friday night, officers served eleven Fixed Penalty Notices for breaches of Covid regulations after a group of men were found to be gathering at a shisha lounge.

Councillor Paul Wood, Cabinet Member for Neighbourhoods and Community Safety said: "This is a great example of community partners coming together to manage, improve and prevent problems for people living in Page Hall, and through this approach we aim to make a significant difference over the coming months.

"We must keep people safe from the spread of coronavirus, and stop those who show disregard for the rules, which are in place to protect us all. Giving support and advice alongside enforcement helps us understand how we can work differently to help everyone in this community uphold current restrictions and live better together.

"Collectively we are well invested in the future of Page Hall and the results we have seen during this day of action will continue, as our targeted work in the area progresses."

A/PS Stanistreet added: “Friday was a really productive day for us, it was fantastic to be on the streets with the full support of the local authority. We know people want to see change in Page Hall but as the police we can only tackle so much, we’ve made headway already, but it’s vital that we have and maintain a partnership approach.”

James Richards, Community Services Manager for Page Hall said: “We have made some good progress and this partnership approach in dealing with issues and tackling problems will be the first of many in the area.

“A co-ordinated multi-agency response is more effective because together we can share information more easily, deal with a range of issues that might be affecting people’s circumstances and make necessary referrals straight away.

“This is a really positive step in supporting the Page Hall community and the outcomes that people living and working here want to see.”
