```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Warning over clone firm investment scams - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/warning-over-clone-firm-investment-scams/
```

_Date published: 27 January 2021 10:55_

 _Dated: 27 January 2021 10:53:07_

A warning has been issued about 'clone firm' investment scams after victims in South Yorkshire reported losses totalling more than £800,000.

'Clone firm' scams are when criminals imitate legitimate investment companies, and even clone their websites, emails and telephone numbers, to trick people into thinking they are investing with the genuine company.

These types of scams are dangerously realistic, and have increased by nearly 30 per cent nationally since the first Covid-19 lockdown.

South Yorkshire Police is today supporting a national campaign being run by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), National Economic Crime Centre (NECC) and City of London Police, the national lead force for economic crime, to raise awareness of investment fraud and 'clone firm' scams in particular.

According to Action Fraud, the national reporting centre for fraud, there were 249 reports of investment fraud in South Yorkshire between December 2019 and December 2020, with total losses of £4million. Specifically in relation to 'clone firm' scams, South Yorkshire victims lost a total of £814,415 between January and December 2020.

South Yorkshire Police Fraud Protect Officer Andy Foster said: "I have spoken to investment fraud victims who have had sleepless nights over their ordeal. Many feel ashamed or embarrassed by what has happened to them because they think they should have spotted that it was a scam.

"As I say to all victims of fraud, these criminals are professionals and can be extremely convincing. There is nothing to be ashamed about - and it's really important you report what has happened to you to prevent the same thing from happening to somebody else."

With 'clone firm' investment scams, criminal gangs will find victims in a number of ways, such as taking out adverts on social media platforms or search engines. Once a victim has registered an interest, they'll be contacted by the fraudsters, who often obtain the name of a genuine employee in the company and have a similar email address with just very subtle differences.

In the end, victims will end up transferring their savings directly to criminal gangs, under the false belief they are sending them to a legitimate investment firm. Often, victims will not realise that they’ve been scammed until months later, when they fail to receive quarterly returns or investment reports.

Andy added: "Clone firm investment scams can look very sophisticated and genuine, so it's important you check and double check every single detail to prevent yourself from becoming a victim. The losses can be huge and may have a life-changing impact if you fall for it, both financially and emotionally."

If you think you’ve fallen victim to an investment fraud, report it to Action Fraud as soon as possible online at www.actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040.

 **How to protect yourself from clone investment firms:**

 * Reject unsolicited investment offers whether made online, on social media or over the phone. Be wary even if you initiated contact.
 * Always check the FCA Register to make sure you’re dealing with an authorised firm and check the FCA Warning List of firms to avoid.
 * Only use the telephone number and email address on the FCA Register, not the contact details the firm gives you and look out for subtle differences.
 * Consider seeking impartial advice before investing.
 * Investors can test if they can spot an investment scam from a smart investment by taking the Scam or Smart quiz, visit www.fca.org.uk/scamsmart to find out more.
