```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: CCTV released in rape investigation - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/cctv-released-in-rape-investigation/
```

_Date published: 08 December 2020 16:19_

 _Dated: 08 December 2020 16:04:17_

Detectives investigating reports of a rape and robbery in Doncaster have released CCTV images of a man they would like to trace.

On 7 July at around 1.45am, a woman reported being raped and robbed of her money near to the Art Gallery on Chequer Road.

Detectives are now keen to identify a man they believes holds vital information.

Detective Jane Keightley explains more about the investigation: “I would like to reassure our communities that we believe this to be an isolated incident, and since July we have carried out extensive enquiries to identify the person responsible in this horrendous crime. We have conducted forensic opportunities and reviewed CCTV footage in the area.

"We understand that you may ask why five months have passed before issuing a public appeal; in some cases we need to ensure that we have looked into other lines of enquiry before releasing an appeal, if we release an appeal too early it can impact on our investigation.

“We are now keen to identify the man in the CCTV images and speak to him in connection to the investigation.

“If you can help, please call 101 quoting incident number 60 of 7 July 2020.”

Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
