```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Drug dealer jailed for Class A offences - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/drug-dealer-jailed-for-class-a-offences/
```

_Date published: 18 February 2021 14:35_

 _Dated: 18 February 2021 14:34:35_

A Sheffield drug dealer has been jailed this week after officers found him in possession of Class A drugs, a knife and a knuckleduster.

Ahmed Alkeldi, 30, ran from police when he was stopped in the Burngreave area of the city in April 2018. He had been observed acting suspiciously by officers from Sheffield Proactive CID who were carrying out mobile patrols to disrupt drug supply.

PC Darren McKenna said: “When uniformed officers approached Alkeldi, he didn’t want to hang around and chat, instead he ran full pelt down a nearby cul-de-sac, climbing a one and a half metre metal fence to escape.

“Unfortunately for him, the officers on duty that day didn’t see this as a challenge, and intercepted him on the other side, with one of them also scaling the metal fencing.

“Whilst being detained, Alkeldi tried to discard packets of Class A drugs, a phone and a knife, which were swiftly recovered.”

Forensic evidence from the drugs, phone, knife and other materials seized from Alkeldi’s address meant he was charged with possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and possession of a bladed article.

Alkeldi, of Maxwell Way, Burngreave, pleaded guilty at a hearing on 17 July 2020 and was sentenced to two years and ten months in prison at Sheffield Crown Court yesterday (18 February).

PC McKenna added: “This is a positive result for the people of Burngreave who are fed up with drug dealing taking place on their doorsteps. By removing individuals from networks of dealers, the supply chain is weakened and opportunities for further police activity are created.

“We are committed to tackling drug supply in our communities, please make sure you report any concerns to us, your information does make a difference.”
