```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Further arrests following Manor firearms discharges - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/further-arrests-following-manor-firearms-discharges/
```

_Date published: 16 January 2021 10:43_

 _Dated: 16 January 2021 10:41:21_

Two further arrests have been made following firearms discharges in the Manor area last week, in which three people were injured.

Last night (15 January), officers arrested a 27-year-old man from Sheffield on suspicion of attempted murder. A 17-year-old boy was also detained on suspicion of assisting an offender. Both remain in custody at this time.

Earlier this week, Bradley Jenkins, 27, of Waverley View, and Kai Smith, 18, of Villiers Close, were both charged with attempted murder. Both have since been remanded in to custody.

The investigation comes after it is reported that shots were fired at three people - a 42-year-old woman, a 23-year-old man and a 28-year-old woman - who were stood outside a property on Castledale Croft on the Manor at around 8pm on 6 January.

The 23-year-old man is believed to have fled on foot to nearby Prince of Wales Road and a couple of minutes later, police received reports of a second shotgun discharge at this location. The man, who suffered shotgun injuries to his arms and hand, is believed to have been targeted.

Two of the victims – the 23-year-old man and the 42-year-old woman - were taken to hospital to receive treatment. The 28-year-old woman suffered minor injuries which did not require medical treatment.

Enquiries into the incidents continue and anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting incident number 790 of 6 January. Dash cam or CCTV footage can be emailed to enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk, please quote the incident number in the title of the email.

You can also give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via their website www.crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
