```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: The people answering emergency calls this Christmas - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/the-people-answering-emergency-calls-this-christmas/
```

_Date published: 24 December 2020 08:40_

 _Dated: 24 December 2020 08:39:53_

It’s business as usual this Christmas for us here at South Yorkshire Police, including the wonderful people who work at our contact centre, Atlas Court.

This is the place where your 999 and 101 calls are answered, and your online reports are received.

The team answer thousands of calls each week, and Christmas and New Year are no exception and there’s also the addition of some more ‘festive’ callers…

Sara France has been part of Team SYP for the last three years, she has two children which means it’s not always easy working over Christmas: “When you work for the police, you know that things don’t stop at this time of year and you know you’ll have to work!

“I’m used to being here now and treat it as any normal working day, this year I’m working 7am-7pm on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. I’ll make sure I see the kids open their presents and we’ve got dinner planned in for after my 12-hour night-shift on Boxing Day! We make it work.”

PC Nicola Millward has worked for South Yorkshire Police for 28 years and is now based at Atlas Court: “Sadly we don’t have the decorations up this year because of Covid, but there are some Christmas jumpers appearing about the contact centre which is lovely and raises a bit of cash for charity.”

Christmas or not, the calls keep coming and our call resolution officers continue to take reports of anti-social behaviour, burglary and serious incidents.

However, as the alcohol flows, the force also receives some calls we really shouldn’t, as Sara recalls: “The number of drunken calls we receive certainly increases, last year I spoke to a chap who called 999 to complain that his local petrol station had sold him out of date bacon…”

Whilst the festivities look very different for everyone this year, we’re still expecting significant amounts of calls throughout the coming week, including New Year’s Eve.

The number of officers and staff, including at Atlas Court, are being bolstered for what are traditionally some of the busiest days of the year for police, as Sara explains:

“New Year’s Eve tends to be quiet, but then we hit midnight and the phones explode – we are always inundated with calls about fights and arguments.

“Whilst these won’t be in our pubs this year, we’re still expecting to receive these calls, sadly we think they will be coming from people’s homes.”

PC Millward said: “It tends to feel quite festive on New Year’s Eve and hopefully it will do this year, after what has been such an unusual and tough twelve months.”

After a difficult year for everyone in South Yorkshire, our team at Atlas Court are encouraging people to really think before they call: “Whilst it might seem funny that people call 999 about their turkey, just think about who could be in the queue behind you.

“You could be blocking the line for someone who genuinely needs our help, not with their cooking."

Happy Christmas from Atlas Court, and for any oven temperature setting advice – we advise you try Delia!
