```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Man jailed after causing chaos in string of violent attacks in Sheffield - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/man-jailed-after-causing-chaos-in-string-of-violent-attacks-in-sheffield/
```

_Date published: 05 March 2021 09:10_

 _Dated: 05 March 2021 08:57:59_

A Sheffield man who went on a violent rampage across the city last summer has been jailed for six years.

James Cooke, 27, carried out a string of attacks at different locations on Saturday 15 August, leaving a number of terrified victims in his wake.

Detective Constable Oliver Hobson, investigating, said: “The first incident of the day took place at the Hilton Hotel in the city centre, where Cooke had been staying.

“Intent on inviting people into his room, he got into a row with reception, who were simply trying to keep to Covid-19 restrictions. He quickly became aggressive, throwing plant pots and computers at the desk, before hitting several members of staff.

“Cooke then left the hotel and made his way towards the Emergency Services Museum on West Bar roundabout. Completely unprovoked, he attacked a man close to the museum, punching him in the face before running away.”

After this, Cooke headed towards Lady’s Bridge, near the Wicker, pulled a knife from the waistband of his trousers and threatened a man who was walking towards him. As the victim ran away, terrified, he heard Cooke shout: “You’re lucky I’ve not got a gun.”

By this time, police had been alerted to these initial incidents and were trying to locate him, deploying armed response officers to the Wicker.

But Cooke wasn’t finished - he then went inside an internet café and attacked another innocent bystander, leaving him with a fractured eye-socket as well as leg and ankle fractures.

DC Hobson added: “After this, Cooke managed to get a taxi up to City Road, where he went into a petrol station. Once inside Cooke became aggressive, assaulting a member of the public and threatening him with a knife. Cooke has then produced a saw-off shotgun from his bag and has pointed it at another member of public. Desperate calls were made to police, with officers not far behind Cooke as he ran to Manor Park.

“When he got to the park, he brandished the shotgun in front of members of the public, including small children, who fled, fearing for their lives. As people ran from the park, our officers approached Cooke, who continued to make threats and refused to put down the gun.

“In what is a rare move, specialist armed response officers were required to fire a rubber bullet towards Cooke to make it possible to detain him safely.”

He was swiftly arrested, with officers seizing a large kitchen knife and the firearm, which tests proved to be a viable weapon.

Cooke, of no fixed abode, was subsequently charged with seven offences including affray, possession of a firearm and possession of a bladed article and remanded into custody.

After pleading guilty at a hearing on 13 October 2020, he was sentenced to six years in prison at Sheffield Crown Court yesterday (4 March).

The court heard how Cooke had taken drugs and drunk heavily the morning before he carried out these acts.

DC Hobson added: “I would like to commend all the victims in this investigation for their bravery and dignity, not only in the face of such terror, but also during the judicial process.

“Each and every one of Cooke’s victims were going about their daily business when they were attacked or threatened by this aggressive and violent offender.

“The court heard how he simply ‘ran amok’ that day and left chaos in his wake, the people of this city do not deserve to be part of such chaos.

“I am really pleased with the sentence he has received, Cooke is a dangerous man who absolutely should not be on the streets of Sheffield.”

James Cooke

Viable firearm seized by officers
