```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Man jailed for child sexual offences - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/man-jailed-for-child-sexual-offences/
```

_Date published: 13 March 2021 11:55_

 _Dated: 13 March 2021 11:51:20_

A Doncaster man was sentenced yesterday after being found guilty of a catalogue of sexual offences against a young girl.

Michael Antony Lloyd, 64, has been on trial charged with two counts of attempted rape and two counts of sexual assault. The offences happened when the victim was only 11, continuing until she turned 13 years of age.

After being found guilty on all counts, he will now serve fourteen years imprisonment and will be subject to sex offender registration conditions for life.

Judge Sarah Wright sentencing said: “The evidence of the victim was utterly compelling. You had no thought or concern for her feelings and the effect on the girl caused catastrophic, immeasurable harm."

Judge Wright paid tribute to the victim’s courage to come forward and protect others.

Lloyd’s abuse was uncovered when the girl confided in a close friend, who informed teachers at their school and a report was made immediately to South Yorkshire Police.

Having led the investigation into Lloyd’s offending, DC Becky Breakwell said: “Despite being so young, Lloyd’s victim has always provided a very clear account of his perverse actions towards her. She suffered over a period of three years, feeling unable to tell anyone what was happening.

“Lloyd has always denied the allegations against him showing no remorse for the devastating impact this has had on his victim, instead insisting that his actions were innocent play.”

DC Breakwell continued: “It is critical that all victims of child sexual abuse feel that they can speak out and talk about what has happened to them. We will investigate all reports and have specially trained officers and partners who can offer the right help.

"It is important that anyone who has experienced abuse, or is worried about a friend or relative, comes forward to report their concerns so that safeguarding measures can be put in place, further abuse can be prevented and offenders can be brought to justice.

“The victim is currently receiving support from the Doncaster Rape and Sexual Abuse Counselling Service (DRASACS), who provide invaluable help in cases like this.

"The victim has shown exceptional bravery and this conviction, which will ensure others are kept safe, would not have been possible without her continued strength and resolve.”

Lloyd, of Broxholme Lane, was jailed at Sheffield Crown Court.

Michael Antony Lloyd
