```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police Horse Woody- our Animal of the Year runner-up - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/police-horse-woody-our-animal-of-the-year-runner-up/
```

_Date published: 29 October 2020 13:17_

 _Dated: 29 October 2020 13:04:06_

Police Horse Woodthorpe, aka Woody has received his award for runner up in the ‘Animal of the Year’ category of the Operational Support Awards.

PD Winston won the award with an incredible 1,400 votes, but behind him in second place was PH Woodthorpe with 739 votes.

Our dogs and horses play a vital role in protecting and serving our communities, we think they’re all deserving winners and worthy of recognition, which is why we had to ask for your help.

PH Woodthorpe joined the mounted department 18 months ago and is ridden by PC Michelle Hudson.

PH Woodthorpe came to us, having lived in Ireland and had not done very much at all, being only six when we bought him. He has transformed into a confident young police horse. During his very limited service, he has been involved in large-scale disorder and escorted two, very loud and volatile crowds during football matches.

PC Hudson said: “Woodthorpe is a cheeky character especially when there might be an apple or carrot close by but he does everything I ask of him in daunting and stressful situations.

“Woodthorpe has already shown that he is incredibly brave and has made an excellent police horse.”
PH Woodthorpe was nominated for his bravery in detaining a suspect in Endcliffe Park in Sheffield on 27 June.

PC Hudson explains more, she said: “My colleague PC Rachel Reece dismounted from her horse Hoober to stop search a man who was smoking cannabis. Woody stood quietly while the search was being conducted.
“The man then ran from PC Reece and without any hesitation about leaving his friend Hoober, myself and PH Woodthorpe started to purse the suspect in canter.

“We then went out onto the road and down towards Hunters Bar, where it was very busy with vehicles, before a district officer arrived, making a lot of noise with the sirens and managed to arrest the man.

“Horses do not like to leave their companion and Woody did this without question. The noise and things going on around him, did not phase him at all. I was incredibly impressed by his behaviour.”

PC Hudson and PH Woodthorpe were presented their award by Operational Support Unit Superintendent Paul McCurry at Ring Farm in Cudworth, we think Woody knew Supt McCurry had apples hidden!

Congratulations to PC Hudson and PH Woodthorpe.

Do you have apples Supt McCurry?

Superintendent Paul McCurry, PH Woodthorpe, PC Hudson
