```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Operational Support Unit\u2019s Inspiring Leader commended - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/operational-support-unit-s-inspiring-leader-commended/
```

_Date published: 22 October 2020 10:21_

 _Dated: 21 October 2020 16:46:22_

A temporary traffic sergeant has been recognised for his ‘inspirational leadership’ as part of our Operational Support Unit’s annual awards.

Traffic T/PS Rod McEnery was supervising one of our roads policing teams when one of the team, PC Matt Lannie, tragically lost his life while on duty earlier this year.

T/PS McEnery was not only a supervisor and colleague to PC Lannie, but also his best friend.

Having led the team through a difficult and horrendous year, T/Sergeant McEnery has been awarded the ‘Inspiring Leadership Award’.

On 21 April, PC Lannie tragically lost his life in a road traffic collision while responding to an emergency in Sheffield. The incident had a profound impact on PC Lannie’s team, who all responded to the incident that day.

T/PS McEnery was nominated for his admirable worth ethic and supportive nature. He remained on scene following the death of Matt to ensure that the scene was preserved for investigative purposes and while dealing with his own grief. He has been recognised for channelling his energy into supporting Matt’s family and his team. He has been celebrated for prioritising the welfare of his team, his professionalism and his dedicated leadership.

The nominations for T/PS McEnery included:

“T/PS McEnery has fought tooth and nail for our team to get us more staff, look after our welfare in and out of the job and make sure we are all ok no matter what.”

“His heart is in the right place, he looks after us all and does it in a professional way.”

“T/PS Rod McEnery leads from the front, he is an active supervisor who works hard.
“Within a relatively short period of time he was faced with attending the death of his colleague Matt.
“He not only stayed throughout the incident but he worked the following day putting many things in place to support the team and the investigation.
“Since that time he has held the team together and supported Matt’s family over and above as well as organising funeral arrangements, all while grieving himself.
“During troubled times for the team he continued to steer, guide and support them through a host of challenging situations.
“His leadership has been exemplary.”

T/PS McEnery was presented his award by OSU Superintendent Paul McCurry, he said: “Rod and his team have had a difficult year, they have lost two colleagues, PC Lannie and PC Jackson. Their determination to continue policing South Yorkshire while grieving their losses has been admirable and a huge part of that is the leadership they have had from T/PS McEnery.

“He has been an amazing friend, colleague and leader and I have no hesitation in awarding him the Inspiring Leadership Award.”

T/PS McEnery added: “It is an honour to receive this award, we don’t do our jobs for recognition and we support each other without question, we are more than just a team, we are a family.”
