```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the fatal shooting of a man in Mexborough yesterday (Monday 11 January). At around 4.26pm, emergency services were called to Wath Road, Mexborough, where the victim, a 20-year-old man, had suffered suspected gunshot wounds. Despite the efforts of paramedics, he was pronounced dead at the scene. While formal identification has not yet taken place, his family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers. Detectiv - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/murder-investigation-launched-following-shooting-in-mexborough/
```

_Date published: 12 January 2021 11:14_

 _Dated: 12 January 2021 11:11:56_

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the fatal shooting of a man in Mexborough yesterday (Monday 11 January).

At around 4.26pm, emergency services were called to Wath Road, Mexborough, where the victim, a 20-year-old man, had suffered suspected gunshot wounds.

Despite the efforts of paramedics, he was pronounced dead at the scene.

While formal identification has not yet taken place, his family have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers.

Detectives remain in the area today, trawling CCTV footage and carrying out house to house enquiries, as they work to establish the exact circumstances surrounding the incident and apprehend those responsible.

A 17-year-old was arrested on suspicion of murder in the early hours of this morning (Tuesday 12 January). He remains in police custody at this time.

Doncaster Superintendent Neil Thomas said: “There will be a large number of officers in the area in the coming days as we continue to investigate this horrendous incident, in which a young man has tragically died.

“We believe that the incident yesterday was a targeted attack.

“We now need the help of the community to identify those responsible and bring them to justice. I would urge anyone who may have witnessed the incident, or who has any information which may help, to talk to us.”

Detectives are particularly keen to hear from anyone who was driving in the area of Wath Road around the time of the incident who may possess dash cam footage that could assist with the investigation.

If you can help, please call 101 quoting incident number 495 of 11 January 2021. You can submit dash cam footage via email to enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk – put the incident number in the email subject.

You can also speak to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
