```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Further arrests in Richard Dyson inquiry - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/further-arrests-in-richard-dyson-inquiry/
```

_Date published: 17 March 2021 14:58_

 _Dated: 17 March 2021 14:56:58_

Detectives investigating the disappearance of Barnsley man Richard Dyson have made two further arrests this morning (Wednesday 17 March).

The men, aged 43 and 51 who are both from Barnsley have been arrested on suspicion of murder and burglary, and remain in custody.
This follows the arrest and subsequent bail of two men last week, bringing the total arrests to four.

A missing person inquiry has been running since 58-year-old Richard Dyson’s disappearance in November 2019. Following extensive enquiries to locate Richard, the investigation team now believe that he may have been killed.

Richard was last seen by his 20-year-old daughter on Friday 15 November 2019. But after he missed their next arranged meeting, she reported him missing on Monday 25 November.
An investigation was launched, and enquiries established Richard was last seen on Sunday 17 November at about 11pm, walking along the A6135 Sheffield Road, Hoyland.

On Wednesday 10 March two men – a 67-year-old from Rotherham and a 68-year-old from Rotherham were arrested on suspicion of murder before being released on bail.

If you have information that may help our officers, please call 101 quoting incident number 459 of 25 November 2019.

You can also give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org – or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111. If you would prefer to make a report online, visit the Major Incident Public Portal https://mipp.police.uk/operation/14SY19B02-PO1
