```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Another arrest in connection to Mexborough murder - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/another-arrest-in-connection-to-mexborough-murder/
```

_Date published: 26 January 2021 17:09_

 _Dated: 26 January 2021 17:07:20_

Detectives investigating the murder of Lewis Williams from Mexborough have arrested another man in connection with his death.

Yesterday (Monday 25 January) a 54-year-old man from Rotherham was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder. He remains in police custody at this time.

Lewis suffered fatal injuries during a reported shooting on Wath Road, Mexborough, at 4.26pm on Monday 11 January.

On Saturday (23 January) 20-year-old Ryan Nisbet of Springwood Road, Barnsley was charged with murder. He has been remanded in custody to appear before Sheffield Crown Court tomorrow (Wednesday).

A 20-year old man from Doncaster who was arrested on suspicion of murder on Friday (22 January) has been bailed pending further enquiries.

A 49-year-old man from Doncaster also arrested on Friday, on suspicion of assisting an offender and possession of ammunition, has been bailed pending further enquiries.

A 32-year-old man from Doncaster, and a 22-year-old man from Rotherham, remain on police bail while enquiries continue. Two other men, both aged 20, also remain on bail as part of the investigation.

A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, are both charged with Lewis’s murder. They are both remanded into police custody.
