```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Cops seize hundreds of cars off South Yorkshire\u2019s Roads - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/september-2020/cops-seize-hundreds-of-cars-off-south-yorkshire-s-roads/
```

_Date published: 03 September 2020 09:25_

 _Dated: 03 September 2020 09:20:26_

Officers from across our force have seized just under 600 vehicles from the roads of South Yorkshire in two months- an average of nine a day!

In the most recent roads policing survey, in which 2000 people responded, 22 per cent said that they wanted officers to target drivers who drive with no insurance- our officers have done just that.

In 2019, officers from our Roads Policing, Firearms and Tactical Support Teams recovered 1703 vehicles for being uninsured and 1080 for being stolen. A further 2850 vehicles were seized for other various reasons including failure to stop for officers, being involved in a road traffic collision or believed to have been used in a criminal offence.

In June this year, officers from across the force seized 327 vehicles. In July they seized a further 262.

Roads Policing Sergeant Rob Jones tells us more about why taking uninsured cars off the road is so important, he said:

“Driving without insurance is illegal and will not be tolerated on our roads.

“Uninsured drivers pose a risk to other roads user for a number of reasons; those who take a risk by not being insured are more likely to take further risks in their driving manner and vehicles use.

“Some drivers are unaware that their insurance is invalid and fail to realise that you need to ensure your policy covers you if you’re using another vehicle, even if that vehicle has insurance.

“Motorists caught driving without insurance will receive a minimum £300 fixed penalty notice and six points on their licence. Vehicles will be seized and potentially crushed or sold at auction. Uninsured drivers can also be referred to court where they face an unlimited fine and a driving ban.

“Having valid insurance is more than the law: it is designed to protect victims of road traffic collisions by providing them with financial compensation.

“The consequences of driving without insurance are significant and I want to remind the public that it is a risk that is simply not worth taking.”

Alongside seizing vehicles for having no insurance, vehicles are also seized for investigation purposes or those believed to have been used in crimes.

Sgt Jones explains more about this on-going work, he said: “One of our main priorities as roads policing officers is to intercept criminal’s use of our road networks.

“Offenders involved in organised crime use vehicles to move around the country, distributing drugs, money as well as other criminality. They will often use stolen vehicles on cloned licence plates to drive across our county and the wider area.

“Seizing stolen cars disrupts this type of crime and can sometimes mean we can reunite the vehicle back with its owner.

“Seizures for cars believed to be used in crime can give us forensic opportunities and evidence to ensure those involved are prosecuted for their actions.”

To see more of the team’s work, follow their social media accounts on Instagram @Syp_Ops, Twitter @SYPOperations and Facebook @SYPOperational SupportUnit.

The red pins represent cars recovered for no insurance. The blue pins represent cars recovered as part of the police reform act.
