```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Philomena Protocol comes to South Yorkshire - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/philomena-protocol-comes-to-south-yorkshire/
```

_Date published: 27 December 2020 14:39_

 _Dated: 27 December 2020 14:38:55_

A protocol to safeguard young people in South Yorkshire has been introduced following the success seen by Durham Constabulary who began using the approach in January 2020.

The Philomena Protocol – named after the patron saint of babies, infants and youths –is being piloted with children’s homes in Rotherham with plans to roll out across all areas of the region in the New Year.

Working alongside partner agencies, the scheme encourages carers, staff, families and friends to compile useful information that could be used in the event of a young person going missing from care.

The new approach protects vulnerable young people while respecting and understanding their need for independence.

Detective Chief Inspector Lee Berry who is the Force Lead for Missing People explains: “We have excellent links with many of the children’s homes across South Yorkshire so introducing the Philomena Protocol is the next step in ensuring that young people who go missing are safeguarded in the best way possible.

“The protocol is for young people who are at risk of going missing and it’s designed so the carer, or whoever has responsibility for that young person, has all the key information required to ensure that an investigation can begin in a swift and efficient way

“Part of the problem-solving is involving that young person, and as part of the protocol, the carer will ask them what can be done to stop them going missing.

“By understand the issues that may be the root cause of missing episodes it’s hoped that we will be able to work with children’s homes and other partner agencies to create a supportive environment for young people who are struggling. Going missing is very often a symptom of a deeper problem, a cry for help. We want to get to a place where we listen and support, working towards long term change rather than continuing the cycle.”

If you are a children’s home in South Yorkshire and would like to find out more, please email enquires@southyorks.pnn.police.uk marking your message for the attention of Glyn Shakespeare.
