```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: CCTV released following armed robbery in Barnsley - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/july-2020/cctv-released-following-armed-robbery-in-barnsley/
```

_Date published: 25 July 2020 11:34_

 _Dated: 21 July 2020 10:59:51_

Officers in Barnsley have released CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to in connection to an armed robbery of a convenience store in the Kingstone area of Barnsley.

It is reported that around 9:30pm on Monday 20 July, a man entered the store in Keresforth Hill Road and stabbed a member of staff. The man stole a number of bottles of spirits before fleeing the store in the direction of Raley Street.

The victim, a 49-year-old man, suffered minor injuries to his abdomen that did not require hospital treatment.

Police attended the scene, and conducted a thorough search for the offender, however he remains outstanding.

Enquiries are ongoing but officers are keen to identify the man in the images as they may be able to assist with enquiries.

Detective Inspector Tom Woodward, said: “I’d like to offer my reassurance to the local community at this time. Our investigation is continuing at pace and we are exploring a number of lines of enquiry to locate the offender.

“We’d like to encourage the public to come forward if they have any information which might help us in our enquiries.

“Were you in the area at the time? Do you recognise the man in the CCTV image or his clothing?

“If you have any information, please contact 101 quoting incident number 922 of 20 July 2020.

“Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.”
