```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Two arrested on suspicion of murder as Richard Dyson inquiry continues - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/two-arrested-on-suspicion-of-murder-as-richard-dyson-inquiry-continues/
```

_Date published: 10 March 2021 10:45_

 _Dated: 10 March 2021 10:32:34_

Detectives investigating the disappearance of Barnsley man Richard Dyson have arrested two people on suspicion of his murder.
A missing person inquiry has been running since the 58-year-old father’s disappearance in November 2019 – however following extensive enquiries the investigation team now believes Richard may have been killed.

Today (Wednesday 10 March), as part of the investigation, two men, a 67-year-old from Rotherham and a 68-year-old from Barnsley, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. They currently remain in police custody.

Richard was last seen by his 20-year-old daughter on Friday 15 November 2019. They had a very close relationship and so, after he missed their next arranged meeting, she reported him missing on Monday 25 November.

An investigation was launched, and enquiries established Richard was last seen on Sunday 17 November at about 11pm, walking along the A6135 Sheffield Road, Hoyland.
Despite officers pursuing many lines of enquiry, Richard has not been traced and evidence that has recently been reviewed now suggests he may have been killed, despite no body being found.

Detective Inspector Neil Coop, in charge of the investigation, said: “Since Richard disappeared 17 months ago, my team and I have worked tirelessly to understand the circumstances surrounding this case.

“Unfortunately, we have not yet been able to trace him and sadly now believe he may have been killed.
“The arrests made today are as a result of evidence that has recently come to light and I hope we will now move closer to having the answers his family so desperately needs.
“As you can imagine, this is an extremely difficult time for Richard’s family, including his daughter. Specially trained officers continue to support her, and I ask that you respect her privacy as she comes to terms with the news she has received.

“This investigation is progressing quickly, and I once again appeal to anyone who has information that may help to come forward. It’s not too late.”
If you have information that may help, please call 101 quoting incident number 459 of 25 November 2019.

You can also give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org – or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111. If you would prefer to make a report online, visit the Major Incident Public Portal
