```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: A very Special contribution to 2020 - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/a-very-special-contribution-to-2020/
```

_Date published: 29 December 2020 11:00_

 _Dated: 29 December 2020 11:00:57_

Our Special Constabulary have given around 50,000 hours of their time this year to help support the force and keep the public of South Yorkshire safe.

Special Constables are volunteers who have the same powers as regular officers. They wear the same uniform and are required to have an understanding of the law and various police procedures.

Our Special Constables come from all walks of life, including teachers, taxi drivers, students, accountants, hospitality staff… the list is endless.

In what has been an extraordinary year for, quite literally, the world, our Special Constables have really stepped up to serve the communities of South Yorkshire, as Deputy Chief Officer Craig Batham explains.

“For some of our Special Constables, this year saw them furloughed or even sadly made unemployed as a result of the pandemic.

“In a tremendous display of community spirit, commitment and dedication to serve South Yorkshire Police, they volunteered increased hours and service. Each and every member of our Special Constabulary should be incredibly proud of what we have achieved this year.

“Across our constabulary, we have completed around 50,000 hours of service for the force – an exceptional amount of time serving communities and providing vital support to policing on the frontline.

“Our officers have attended over 9,000 incidents and made over 200 arrests as well, as part of our joint commitment with the wider force to protect the public and apprehend individuals who seek to engage in criminality.”

A team of Rotherham’s Special Constabulary volunteers were recognised in October this year for their efforts in uncovering a cannabis set-up and arresting an individual for drugs offences.

The team each received commendations from Temporary Chief Superintendent Steve Chapman, District Commander for Rotherham, for their commitment to protecting the public and tackling drug-related crime (pictured below left).

DCO Batham continues: “The job of a Special Constable is so incredibly varied. You could be out on patrol offering support to colleagues in response or our neighbourhood teams, you could be carrying out enquiries to find individuals wanted in connection with serious crimes, or you could discover a significant cannabis set-up like our team in Rotherham!

“No day is ever the same in policing and I’d urge anyone thinking about applying for a role in the Special Constabulary to submit an application. It’s a job like no other and could be a fantastic challenge for you to take on in 2021.”

Recruitment is currently open for the Special Constabulary, and will be until 15 January 2021. If you want to apply, click here to find out more.
