```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Witnesses sought after dogs stolen in armed robbery - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/witnesses-sought-after-dogs-stolen-in-armed-robbery/
```

_Date published: 05 March 2021 08:44_

 _Dated: 05 March 2021 08:37:28_

Police in Sheffield are appealing for witnesses after three dogs were stolen in a suspected armed robbery.

It is reported at around 3pm on Monday 22 February, the victim and a friend had travelled to Burngreave to sell four puppies, two Cane Corsos and two Rotweillers, to a man they had met online.

When they arrived at the pre-arranged meeting point, their vehicle was approached by four unknown men.

One of the men is alleged to have pointed a gun through the car window, while the other men took the dogs from the car.

The four are said to have fled the scene on foot, dropping one of the dogs, but making off with the other three.

One of the men is described as being Asian, of slim build and aged in his late twenties. He was wearing a long black jacket down to his knees and a black beanie hat.

Another of them is described as White, slim but muscular with blonde hair and a Scottish, Irish or northern accent. He was wearing a blue Nike tracksuit.

Detective Constable John Briers, investigating, said: “I know this incident will cause concern in the community, but I would like to reassure people that enquiries by detectives and our local neighbourhood officers are continuing.

“I would urge anyone who saw what happened last Monday, or who may have information on the whereabouts of the dogs, to please get in touch. ”

Anyone with information which could help is asked to call police on 101 quoting incident number 14/33564/21.
