```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: New inspector takes over Sheffield city centre team - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/new-inspector-takes-over-sheffield-city-centre-team/
```

_Date published: 11 January 2021 10:00_

 _Dated: 11 January 2021 10:00:16_

Sheffield City Centre is under the watchful eye of a new inspector from today, as Ali Bywater takes to the helm of our City Centre Neighbourhood Team.

Inspector Bywater has worked for the force for 17 years, in response, neighbourhood and training roles, but neighbourhood policing and long-term problem solving are what she’s most passionate about.

Our Sheffield City Centre Team is currently made up of one sergeant, eleven police constables and five PCSOs. Within that team there is a dedicated officer for The Moor and one for retail crime.

As well as the immediate city centre and shopping areas, the team also cover The Wicker, Kelham Island and Highfields.

Inspector Bywater’s priorities are clear: “Now, more than ever, it is important that our city centre is a safe place to be. Last year saw huge changes to how we live our lives, which has continued into the New Year with the latest lockdown, but places like Fargate, The Moor and Kelham Island will hopefully soon open for business again.

“It is my team’s job to support the people who work in the city centre, as well as those who visit.

“I know there are concerns about spice users, begging and anti-social behaviour. We will be creating a new patrol plan to look at these issues and joining with partners to tackle them.

“A dedicated plan is now in place around commercial burglary, there are a lot of empty premises and I want businesses to feel confident that we are protecting them.”

Violence and sexual exploitation are also issues that Inspector Bywater is keen to focus on, whilst retail crime and partnerships are firmly on her radar.

She is also keen to respond to direct concerns from the public: “For me to best understand what you want from your policing team in the city centre, I need to hear from you.

“I know that my officers already have some fantastic links with businesses and residents’ groups, but we can always do better.

“There are lots of ways you can contact us directly and I’d encourage you to do so, I’ll be upping our social media game – and whilst you can’t report crimes there, you can tell me about things that are bothering you.

“Things you call into 101 or report online are also fed through to me, so keep using those channels too.

“Whilst we’re very much still boots on the ground, I know that the way we’re all communicating is increasingly online. If there are any meetings, forums or events you think I need to be involved in, let me know.”
