```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Update on South Yorkshire Police Recruitment - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/april-2020/update-on-south-yorkshire-police-recruitment/
```

_Date published: 30 April 2020 16:01_

 _Dated: 30 April 2020 16:39:48_

In June 2019, South Yorkshire Police announced it was embarking on a significant recruitment drive to grow officer numbers by 220, over and above those leaving or retiring.

This target was further increased after the government pledged the national uplift of 20,000 police officers across the country. This has provided the force a significant opportunity as part of our ongoing resurgence and we are seeking the very best candidates to support our existing officers and staff.

SYP is continuing its trajectory to become an outstanding force, and we are encouraging anyone who possesses a strong sense of public duty, has the drive to work within our communities to keep them safe, and is looking for a career with so many varied opportunities, to join us.

Ambitious plans are in place for the next three years and we remain in a position to achieve our targets. It is anticipated we will reach our 2020/21 target in January 2021. By the end of March 2021, we are expected to be 70 officers above our initial forecast.

At present, there are 913 applicants going through various stages of the recruitment process and this number will continue to grow.

Recruitment for new officers opens every two months and there has been a significant level of interest in the force, especially with the new entry routes. The force is also continuing to recruit at a time when many other similar graduate schemes are closing down to candidates.

The workforce has grown across all areas of under-represented groups including the number of females, BME, visible minority ethnic (VME) and those who identify as LGBT+. Work will continue to increase under-represented characteristics across all staff groups in our workforce to ensure South Yorkshire Police properly reflects the communities it serves.

The current recruitment plan including business as usual (BAU), chief constable uplift and national uplift is set out in the table below:

 **Recruitment type**

 **31 March 2020**

 **31 March 2021**

 **31 March 2022**

 **31 March 2023**

 **Total**

Assumed national allocation

2,000

4,000

8,000

6,000

20,000

10%

20%

40%

30%

100%

BAU (i.e. To replace leavers)

154

218

170

237

779

CC uplift

50

73

79

18

220

National uplift

30

121

195

141

487

 **Total in year**

 ******234**

 **412**

 **444**

 **396**

 **1,486**
