```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Barnsley District Commander reflects on 2020 - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/barnsley-district-commander-reflects-on-2020/
```

_Date published: 27 December 2020 12:07_

 _Dated: 27 December 2020 11:16:05_

Barnsley District Commander reflects on 2020 and what the teams have achieved during a challenging and unprecedented year

Chief Superintendent Sarah Poolman said: “Throughout 2020, we have all faced challenges that we thought we would not see in our lifetimes. However, the threat that Covid-19 poses continues as we are immersed in the festive season and we need to be even more careful and not let down our guard. This Christmas has to be a quieter one, where we may not be able to see or spend time with all of our loved ones.

“Please continue to follow the regulations and the advice in order to save lives.

In terms of policing Barnsley, your police officers and police staff have worked tirelessly throughout the year to keep you safe. Despite the extensive changes to our work, our workplaces and inevitable staff absences, they have continued to provide a service right across all of the policing portfolios. In addition to supporting our communities in the fight against Covid-19, our focus throughout the year has been to continue to improve the service we provide to our communities by reducing crime, providing a better service to victims and bringing offenders to justice by improving our investigations and outcomes. And I am immensely proud to say that we have achieved a lot, we are now:

responding to victims more quickly when they need us
achieving better outcomes for victims
are driving down burglary, responding quickly and decisively to target those prolific criminals who are intent on making people’s lives a misery
and are providing a better service to victims, with 92% victim satisfaction, according to our survey in November

“Although we are lucky enough to have a secure job; policing is tough job 365 days a year; it is challenging, often traumatic, frequently dangerous but also immensely satisfying. This is why your officers do it, it is their vocation to make a difference and keep their communities safe.

“I am therefore extremely grateful this year, in particular, for the commitment and resilience of our officers and staff, but equally for the help and support given by members of the public who demonstrate incredible acts of bravery and selflessness; thank you.

“I do hope that you have all had a wonderful and safe Christmas and I look forward to working with and for all of our communities in 2021.”
