```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Murder investigation team launch further appeal - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/april-2021/murder-investigation-team-launch-further-appeal/
```

_Date published: 01 April 2021 08:46_

 _Dated: 01 April 2021 09:43:37_

Detectives investigating the murder of Marcus Ramsay in Sheffield last year have released CCTV stills of a man they believe could hold important information and are urging him to come forward.

Mr Ramsay, 35, was taken to hospital with a suspected stab wound after police were called to reports of disorder in Horninglow Road, Firth Park, in the early hours of Saturday 8 August 2020.

He sadly died in hospital shortly after he arrived.

Two 17-year-old boys, who cannot be named for legal reasons, have been charged with murder and will appear before court later this year.

Detective Chief Inspector Mark Oughton, the senior investigating officer for this inquiry, explains why any remaining witnesses to the incident must come forward.

He said: “As we continue to build up a full picture of exactly what happened in the lead-up to Mr Ramsay’s death, it is imperative that we speak to everyone we can who was there that evening.

“To that end, we are releasing an image of one man who was there that evening and captured on camera. We are yet to identify and speak to this individual about what he witnessed that night.

“We believe the information he holds could assist the ongoing investigation and it’s important he comes forward and speaks with us as soon as possible.”

Do you recognise the man pictured? Do you hold any information about the incident that night?

Please contact police on 101 quoting incident number 18 of 8 August 2020. You can also report information online via the dedicated Major Incident Public Portal - https://mipp.police.uk/operation/14SY20K08-PO

Do you recognise this man?
