```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Stolen goods recovered in Sheffield warrants - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/stolen-goods-recovered-in-sheffield-warrants/
```

_Date published: 07 January 2021 14:54_

 _Dated: 07 January 2021 14:53:39_

Our Sheffield South East Neighbourhood Team carried out warrants at five addresses in the Woodthorpe area yesterday (6 January) as part of efforts to recover stolen goods.

The team were joined by our Tactical Support Group to gain access to properties under the Misuse of Drugs Act.

One person, a 50-year-old woman, was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs, money laundering and theft. She has been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

A 29-year-old man was also reported on summons for public order offences after he was aggressive towards officers attempting to enter a property.

Sergeant Katie Rowland Wilson said: “Yesterday’s warrants were part of ongoing work to disrupt criminality in Woodthorpe, including burglary and drug supply.

“At one of the addresses we recovered a significant amount of electrical equipment and tools which we believe to be stolen. These include chainsaws, generators and a large number of toolboxes; we would like to hear from anyone who may have had such items stolen in this part of the city.

“We also seized Class A drugs from one of the properties and a significant amount of cash. The team also recovered a number of quad and motorbikes.

“We know that people are concerned about burglary in this part of the city and we are determined to take action to return items to people.

“We also know that local people worry about drug supply, if you have any information about this, please talk to us, then we can take action.”
