```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Officers seek dash cam footage in fatal collision - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/officers-seek-dash-cam-footage-in-fatal-collision/
```

_Date published: 31 January 2021 18:05_

 _Dated: 31 January 2021 18:03:45_

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal collision in Sheffield yesterday (Saturday, 30 January).

Just after 7pm, emergency services were called to reports of a vehicle in the water at Meadowhall Way, Sheffield. It was reported a White GLS Mercedes had gone through the railings on the bridge before entering the water off Meadowhall Way.

Emergency services were quickly on scene and attempts were made to free the occupants of the vehicle. The vehicle was recovered by the Fire Service with two men inside.

Both men aged 20 and 24 were taken to hospital, where they were sadly pronounced dead. Family members have been informed and are being supported by specially trained police officers.

Meadowhall Way remains closed at this time. Investigations are continuing to determine the exact circumstances of the incident.

Detective Chief Inspector James Axe leading the investigation said: “This is a tragic incident where sadly two people have lost their lives. Investigations are continuing and we are keen to hear from anybody who may have dash cam footage of the collision, as well as any motorists or witnesses who were travelling in the area around 7pm and may have seen the vehicle prior to the incident.”

If you can help please call 101 quoting incident number 858 of 30 January 2021. If you have dash cam footage, you can email this to enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk – using the same incident number.
