```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Happy birthday to PD Luna! - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/happy-birthday-to-pd-luna/
```

_Date published: 17 March 2021 11:01_

 _Dated: 17 March 2021 11:00:45_

We are today (17 March) celebrating PD Luna’s birthday!

As she marks turning five, PD Luna is doing her favourite thing…working! A 12-hour shift is in order for Luna, alongside her handler PC Matt Aris. There will, of course be dog friendly cake and lots of love once she is home.

PD Luna has been part of the SYP family for 12 months. She was paired with PC Aris after his previous partner PD Bear had to take early retirement, meaning PD Luna had big paws to fill. She stepped up to the role brilliantly and has been a huge asset to the force.

As well as wishing her a ‘paw-some’ day we would also like to take this opportunity to thank her for her service and commitment to keeping the streets of South Yorkshire safe.

PD Luna is one of our general purpose dogs which means she is trained in apprehending offenders, tracking scents to find suspects as well as missing people and locating property which may help in investigations.

PC Matt Aris tells us more about his partner, he said: “Retiring PD Bear last year was a very difficult and emotional time in my short career as a police dog handler, however Bear is now living a full relaxed life at home with our other dogs and my family; always spoilt!

“PD Luna is a Malinois who joined SYP after transferring from Northamptonshire Police.

“Since being paired together we have formed a strong bond and have both gone from strength to strength (me as a handler and her with many skills developing during every shift). She gives 110% every time she comes to work.

“Luna’s faultless enthusiasm to work and protect the community of South Yorkshire is reflected in the results that she has had, not only personally but assisted in overall.

“She has helped detain suspects in burglaries, thefts and even those carrying knives and firearms.

“I am very grateful to have such an amazing dog to be my partner and I know she will always protect me. I look forward to many more years of fighting crime together with her. I am thankful to PC Steve Gill who brought PD Luna from Northamptonshire and gave me the opportunity to work with her.

“She will be extremely spoilt once we are home and be able to put her paws up, before doing it all again tomorrow night.”

Our dogs are a huge part of our policing family, they are given the upmost love and care, and pairing with handlers is built on trust and respect. They put themselves in danger to protect their handlers and the public and we are forever grateful of their contribution to policing.

We wish PD Luna a very happy day, spoilt with lots of love and fuss!

PD Luna

Everyone deserves a break while on duty!
