```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Sheffield burglar jailed - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/sheffield-burglar-jailed/
```

_Date published: 18 February 2021 10:22_

 _Dated: 18 February 2021 10:21:48_

A 34-year-old man has been sentenced to over three years in prison for burgling a Sheffield property and stealing nearly £20,000 worth of jewellery.

Anthony Wragg, of no fixed abode, appeared before Sheffield Crown Court yesterday (Wednesday 17 February) where he was sentenced to three years and four months in prison.

He pleaded guilty to charges of burglary and handling stolen goods at an earlier hearing.

On Friday 11 December 2020, Wragg targeted a property on Newcroft Close in Sheffield, waiting for the occupants to leave before breaking in and searching the property.

Wragg stole a significant amount of jewellery, including a pendant that belonged to the late mother of one of the victims.

Acting Detective Sergeant Dean Craik from Sheffield’s dedicated burglary team said: “Upon receiving the report of burglary, our officers carried out house-to-house enquiries and were able to recover CCTV footage that crucially captured Wragg arriving at the scene, waiting for the victims to leave, before putting gloves on and committing his crime.

“The footage then showed him leaving the property with a bag and rucksack, full of stolen items.

“Further CCTV enquiries traced Wragg’s movements back to a vehicle, which we discovered was on cloned plates and had been active in both Rotherham and Sheffield.

“We alerted officers in both districts and on 16 December, Wragg was arrested by officers in Rotherham who saw him travelling in the cloned car.”

When officers searched the vehicle, they recovered a jewellery box that contained many of the items of jewellery taken from the burglary in Sheffield.

ADS Craik continued: “I am really pleased that we were able to recover the items of jewellery, especially the pendant which was irreplaceable given its significant emotional value.

“We searched two properties connected to Wragg, where we recovered items of clothing and the rucksack seen on the CCTV from the burglary. We also seized more items of jewellery that we could return to the victim, as well as four valuable bicycles that had been reported stolen from a separate burglary in Sheffield in October 2020 that we were able to return.

“I want to recognise the efforts of those officers involved in this investigation, who worked relentlessly to gather evidence and whose commitment ensured that we were able to reunite the victims with their possessions.”

> > “I am really pleased that we were able to recover the items of jewellery, especially the pendant which was irreplaceable given its significant emotional value.
>
> “We searched two properties connected to Wragg, where we recovered items of clothing and the rucksack seen on the CCTV from the burglary. We also seized more items of jewellery that we could return to the victim, as well as four valuable bicycles that had been reported stolen from a separate burglary in Sheffield in October 2020 that we were able to return."
