```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Brew with a Barnsley Bobby! - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/brew-with-a-barnsley-bobby/
```

_Date published: 02 February 2021 15:35_

 _Dated: 02 February 2021 15:31:29_

Covid-19 has changed the way we interact with each other and face to face ‘cuppas’ seem a distant memory, but our commitment to policing and addressing the needs of our communities has not changed.

Officers from our Barnsley North Neighbourhood Team are holding virtual ‘Brew with a Bobby’ to give you the chance to raise your concerns and hear about what your local team are doing.

Team Sergeant Ross Greenwood explains more, he said: “Prior to Covid-19 and during the lighter restrictions we were able to hold pop up police stations and visit areas of our community to understands the issues that matter to you.

“We are currently unable to do that, but our work has not stopped. We want you to share your views; your views enable us understand the wider problems, gather intelligence and take enforcement and action where needed.

“We will be holding drop in sessions for you to have a chat with your local Sergeant, PC or PCSO.
“Please virtually join us with your cuppa and a favourite biscuit!”

The team will be launching their drop in sessions on Friday 5 February between 6pm and 9pm.

They are starting with those living in the Darton East and West wards.

All slots are on a one to one basis. If you would like to book a slot please email BarnsleyNorthNHP@southyorks.pnn.police.uk with your contact details
