```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Judge\u2019s commendation for investigation team - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/judge-s-commendation-for-investigation-team/
```

_Date published: 25 February 2021 08:27_

 _Dated: 25 February 2021 08:26:29_

A team of officers from the force’s Major Crime Unit have been presented with judge’s commendations for their investigation into the death of an international student in Sheffield, just hours into the first national Covid lockdown.

Xiangyu Li, who was 26 and from China, was tragically found dead on Union Street in the city centre in the early hours of Tuesday 24 March last year, hours after the UK had been put into lockdown the previous day.

He had been violently assaulted and left in the street.

The police investigation led to fellow student Yongqu Liang, 25, pleading guilty to manslaughter on 5 October and being sentenced to five years in prison.

Liang had attacked Xiangyu, his friend, in an alcohol-fuelled fight.

The officers involved in the investigation have now been praised by the Recorder of Sheffield, Judge Jeremy Richardson QC, for their ‘skill and expedition shown in the most extraordinary of times’ and whilst facing ‘logistical difficulties arising just hours after a national lockdown.’

The Senior Investigating Officer in the case, Detective Chief Inspector Mark Oughton, said: “Xiangyu was killed as the nation was reeling from unprecedented changes to daily life. Policing, like every other organisation, sector, or industry, was rapidly looking at how it was to carry on delivering the best possible service to the public.

“Xiangyu’s death was our first murder investigation under Covid-19 restrictions, little did we know in those early hours what logistical challenges we would have to tackle.”

The first sign that this was to be an investigation with agile working at its centre, was the first full team briefing, carried out via video call with officers working right across South Yorkshire.

Where representatives from different teams would usually be in the same room, limiting contact meant technology became vital.

The investigation quickly took a new turn, with officers discovering the main suspect had fled the country, despite travel restrictions, attempting to return to China via Dublin and Frankfurt.

Through the hard work of the MCU, a European arrest warrant was obtained overnight and the suspect was arrested as he arrived in Germany.

“Amidst dramatic restrictions to how we travel, the suspect managed to get himself on a flight – but thanks to the incredible work of our officers he didn’t get very far.”

However, the biggest challenge that Covid-19 presented was in relation to contact with the victim’s family. DCI Oughton explained: “Our family liaison officer in this case did a masterful job, ensuring that Xiangyu’s family could get to the UK and felt supported throughout the whole process.

“The family meeting was one of the most difficult I have ever been involved in. Speaking to a devastated family, through masks and translators was not only bizarre, but extremely hard for everyone involved.

“I cannot imagine how they felt, travelling to the UK, as the pandemic took hold, facing the death of their child.”

Commenting on the commendation, DCI Oughton said: “This was a fantastic team effort and every person who was involved worked incredibly hard to secure a result for the family.”

Xiangyu Li
