```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Six arrested and Class A seizures in Broomhall drugs raid - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/six-arrested-and-class-a-seizures-in-broomhall-drugs-raid/
```

_Date published: 10 December 2020 17:05_

 _Dated: 10 December 2020 17:04:36_

Six people are in police custody this morning after officers executed a drugs warrant in Broomhall, Sheffield yesterday afternoon (10 December).

Our Broomhall Team raided an address on Exeter Place as part of disruption activity centred on organised crime.

Approximately 100 small “deal sized” rocks of crack cocaine were seized from the address, in addition to one large rock of around golf ball size which had not yet been cut.

Inspector Kevin Smith said: “On entering the property, five people were arrested on suspicion of drugs offences.

“Searches led to a significant amount of Class A drugs being seized, as well as over £3000 in cash and a quantity of herbal cannabis. A house search at one of the suspect’s address resulted in another thirty rocks of crack cocaine being located and seized.

“We also recovered two large knives from the Exeter Drive address, one which match the description of a knife that had been used to threaten people in the area. We are very pleased to get these weapons off the streets and make the area safer.

“Later that day, the tenant of the property returned home and was swiftly arrested, bringing the total number of arrests to six. Five men and one woman, who was also wanted for other offences, remain in custody as enquiries continue.

“Two further suspects managed to leave the scene after jumping 30ft out of a window and evading officers. CCTV footage of the pair is currently being reviewed and enquiries to locate them are ongoing.”

Officers also secured a closure order for the address, which will be heard today at Sheffield Magistrates Court, and if granted will last for three months.

Insp Smith said: “I want the public to know we are committed to confronting organised crime in this part of the city. We know that drug supply is a catalyst for other violent crime that deeply impacts on the community.

“This disruption activity follows a disturbance in the area the night before in which two men were stabbed, both men were thankfully not seriously injured. I’d like people to be reassured that we are watching, and we are acting on intelligence.”
