```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Two charged in connection with Mexborough murder - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/two-charged-in-connection-with-mexborough-murder/
```

_Date published: 14 January 2021 18:56_

 _Dated: 14 January 2021 18:49:01_

This evening (Thursday 14 January) detectives investigating the murder of 20-year-old Lewis Williams have charged two people with murder.

A 16-year-old boy and 17-year-old boy from Doncaster, who cannot be named for legal reasons, have both been charged with murder, possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence and criminal damage. The 16-year-old boy has also been charged with assault.

They have been remanded in custody and will appear before Doncaster Magistrates’ Court tomorrow (Friday 15 January).

A 20-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed pending further enquiries.

A 22-year-old man and a 32-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder both remain in police custody.

A 20-year-old man who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender has been released on bail pending further enquiries.

You can continue to provide information to police by calling 101 quoting incident number 495 of 11 January. You can also contact independent charity Crimestoppers to give information anonymously, via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org – or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.

Alternatively, you can also provide information directly to the investigation team via the Major Incident Public Portal here - https://mipp.police.uk/operation/14SY21A01-PO1

 _Please be aware that in previous releases we stated a 23-year-old man had been arrested on suspicion of murder. His correct age is 22-years-old._
