```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Thank you from your Doncaster District Commander - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/thank-you-from-your-doncaster-district-commander/
```

_Date published: 30 December 2020 08:31_

 _Dated: 31 December 2020 08:30:00_

CS Mel Palin - Doncaster District Commander

As I reflect on the challenges we’ve faced together as a community during 2020 it’s difficult to believe all that we’ve experienced. This time last year, COVID-19 was a distant threat on the other side of the world. Some were starting to discuss it, but many were unaware of what lay ahead. Now we have adapted to a ‘new normal’, social distancing, lockdowns, masks and hand sanitiser are all part of everyday life.

I feel a great sense of pride at the way our borough has responded to the pandemic. My officers have been touched by many small acts of kindness over the last few months; from chocolate bars left on windscreens, to fantastic rainbow artwork being sent to stations, to words of encouragement from members of the public. While many were being told to stay at home to protect the NHS, my officers were leaving their families to protect and serve communities across Doncaster. I know there is nowhere they’d rather be, and I could not be prouder of their passion and dedication.

I became District Commander in October. This is a role I have been greatly looking forward to. I’m a resident of Doncaster and feel well placed to understand the issues that are most important to those who live and work here. I see a real opportunity to work with partners to improve outcomes for the communities my team serves.

My priorities will always be to keep people safe, uphold standards, deliver an excellent service and improve victim satisfaction and public confidence. This will be achieved through tackling issues that you, the people of Doncaster, tell us are important.

This year we have seen the introduction of a dedicated off-road bike team, which is tasked with addressing anti-social and illegal behaviour from riders of off-road bikes and quads. The team has already had significant success, with calls relating to off-road bikes in Doncaster reducing significantly in the months following the team being introduced.

Another positive for neighbourhood policing this year was the re-opening of Edlington police station. The team is firmly embedded in the local community, with PCSOs building strong relationships with local schools and the new station acting as a base for partners including the council’s Stronger Families team, St Leger housing and other support agencies. This approach has led to hot spots of anti-social behaviour and illegal activity being identified more quickly and swift action being taken. A number of closure notices have been served on properties in the area and feedback from residents is positive.

I would also like to acknowledge the hard work of our team dedicated to tackling organised crime groups and their associated criminality. Our Fortify team is tasked with disrupting this illegal activity and has continued with its operations despite the challenges COVID has presented. Over the last 12 months officers have made 278 arrests, carried out 300 stop and searches and seized a significant amount of cash and drugs. Several offenders identified by the team are now serving time in jail. The pursuit of those involved in organised crime is relentless and will continue into the New Year at pace.

As the year draws to a close I would like to say thank you to everyone who has offered their support over the last 12 months. The impact that every smile, friendly hello and encouraging wave has on each and every one of the officers serving in Doncaster cannot be overestimated. I know it’s been tough – and I think we all acknowledge that the challenge isn’t over yet - but I’m certain that if we continue to support each other, look out for our friends and neighbours and carry on working as a team we’ll find our way back to some semblance of normal in the not-too-distant future.

I understand the festive season this year will be very different for many of us, but I hope you find peace and happiness in one way or another. Here’s to the New Year - 2021 will be a fresh start for us all and I look forward to working together towards a safer and stronger Doncaster.
