```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Killer jailed for life after stabbing Barnsley man to death - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/killer-jailed-for-life-after-stabbing-barnsley-man-to-death/
```

_Date published: 18 December 2020 10:43_

 _Dated: 18 December 2020 10:41:36_

A Barnsley man is beginning the first full day of a life sentence today after stabbing 43-year-old Stephen Riley to death in June this year.

Martin Wilson, 38, formerly of Monsal Crescent, was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 25 years at Sheffield Crown Court yesterday (17 December) after being convicted of murder by a jury on Tuesday

On 26 June, Wilson ‘hunted down’ Mr Riley after they had had an argument. Mr Riley had walked away, but Wilson went after him on a push bike and tracked him down in a nearby garden, then stabbed him twice in the chest.

Despite the best efforts of local residents, paramedics and staff at Barnsley Hospital, Mr Riley couldn’t be saved and sadly died of his injuries at 12.04am on 27 June.

Meanwhile, desperate to cover his tracks, Wilson worked with his girlfriend Julie Evans (41) to dispose of clothing, the murder weapon and his push bike, while the two concocted a false alibi.

Both were arrested on 28 June and quickly charged - Wilson with murder and Evans with assisting an offender.

Sentencing Wilson, Judge Roger Thomas QC said: “It was obvious you were hunting him down. On foot he couldn’t get far away from you and sought safety hiding in someone’s garden.

“You’re shown (on CCTV) looking over hedges and there is clear evidence you cornered him.

“Your suggestion you were shepherding him away is not what was really happening. You went into the garden, it’s clear you weren’t in for very long - perhaps 15 seconds - and you killed him.”

Evans, also formerly of Monsal Crescent, will be sentenced for her role in Stephen’s murder on 21 December.
