```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Serious assault in Rotherham \u2013 Can you help? - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/serious-assault-in-rotherham-can-you-help/
```

_Date published: 03 December 2020 15:28_

 _Dated: 03 December 2020 15:27:50_

Detectives investigating a serious assault in Wath, Rotherham are appealing for witnesses and drivers with dash cam footage who captured the incident, to come forward.

Just before 5pm on 26 November, a 33-year-old man was crossing Burman Road, close to the junction with Sandygate when it’s reported that he was clipped by a blue Volkswagen Polo. Two men are then said to have got out of the Polo and attacked him. Thankfully, a passer-by intervened and the pair drove off.

The victim was transported to Rotherham Hospital, where he has been treated for head and facial injuries.

We are now appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident, or who was driving through the area with dash cam footage that evening, to get in touch. We are particularly keen to hear from anyone who captured a blue Volkswagen Polo on their dash cam or CCTV.

If you can help, please call 101 quoting incident number 678 of 26 November. You can also email footage through to enquiries@southyorks.pnn.police.uk with the incident number as your subject title.

Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
