```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Further charge in Sheffield murder - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/further-charge-in-sheffield-murder/
```

_Date published: 29 November 2020 20:37_

 _Dated: 29 November 2020 20:36:47_

An 18-year-old man has tonight (29 November) been charged in connection with the death of Ramey Salem.

Police were called to a property on Grimesthorpe Road South at around 1am on Monday 16 November after reports of a shooting.

Mr Salem, who was also known as Remey Saleh, was found with serious injuries and taken to hospital where he sadly died a short time later.

Ricardo Nkanyezi of Morgan Avenue, Sheffield has been charged with murder after being arrested yesterday (28 November) in the Nottinghamshire area. He has also been charged with conspiracy to possess a firearm with intent to endanger life between 3 October and 17 November as well as a further charge in relation to the Firearms Act.

He is due to appear at Sheffield Magistrates Court tomorrow.

This is the third man to be charged in connection with Mr Salem’s death. Jabari Fanty of Broadhead Road and Aaron Yanbak of Abbeydale Road were both charged with murder last week.

A 21-year-old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and a 33-year-old man arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice on Thursday, 19 November have been released under investigation.

Police are still keen to hear from anybody who may have been in the Grimesthorpe Road South area on the evening of Sunday 15 November into Monday 16 November and saw anyone acting suspiciously.

You can provide information directly to the investigation team via the Major Incident Public Portal here: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/14SY19X02-PO1

You can also call 101 quoting incident number 42 of 16 November, or give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org – or by calling their UK contact centre on 0800 555 111.
