```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: "Don\u2019t let your celebrations lead to a criminal record, or worse, this Christmas - SYP"
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/don-t-let-your-celebrations-lead-to-a-criminal-record-or-worse-this-christmas/
```

_Date published: 28 December 2020 10:31_

 _Dated: 28 December 2020 10:30:10_

That’s the message from South Yorkshire Police as officers warn people about the dangers of violent crime throughout the festive season.

Christmas is going to be different for everyone this year. We won’t be celebrating in the same way as usual and some people may be spending the holidays without seeing family or friends.

But imagine if you had to go every Christmas without seeing loved ones: sadly, that can be the tragic consequence of violent crime.

Detective Chief Inspector Lee Berry, South Yorkshire Police lead officer on violent crime said: “We know 2020 has been a difficult year for everyone, and people will be looking forward to Christmas and New Year.

“Of course we want people to enjoy the festivities with their family, but please remember that drinking too much alcohol can have dire consequences.

“Alcohol lowers your awareness and impairs your judgement, which can make you an easy target for crime. It can also make you more likely to commit violent behaviour.

“What may start as a drink or two could end with huge consequences, for you or someone else.

“While we don’t want to spoil the festivities for anyone, I would ask you to think about how your actions could affect others and be mindful of how much alcohol you’re drinking, know your limits.

“Being drunk will not be tolerated as an excuse for criminal behaviour. Anyone who commits a crime while under the influence of alcohol will be treated in exactly the same way."

Make sure you are following our social media accounts on twitter @SYPTweet, Facebook @SouthYorkshirePolice and Instagram @southyorkshirepolice.

Please also follow your local council’s social media accounts for up to date information and advice relating to restrictions in your area.
