```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Further warrant executed at Sheffield shisha bar - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/further-warrant-executed-at-sheffield-shisha-bar/
```

_Date published: 10 January 2021 08:51_

 _Dated: 10 January 2021 08:51:33_

Police have executed a second warrant at a shisha bar on the Wicker in Sheffield, following further reports the premises was in breach of COVID-19 regulations.

Officers from Sheffield’s City Centre NPT and Sheffield City Council carried out the environmental health warrant on Friday night (8 January), finding 13 people on the premises.

Each individual was handed a Fixed Penalty Notice (FPN) for £200 for breaching COVID-19 regulations by way of an unlawful gathering.

The proprietors of the shisha bar, who were handed a £2000 fine in November, were issued with a FPN for £4000 for operating a business in breach of COVID-19 regulations.

Thirty-five shisha pipes were also seized during the warrant, as well as between 100-150 cannabis plants. A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of production of cannabis. He has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Superintendent Mark James from Sheffield’s command team said: “This premises has been the subject of repeated concerns within the community, who first reported breaches to us in November last year.

“Then, as now, we worked in partnership with the local authority and environmental health colleagues to visit the premises and take action. It is incredibly disappointing that the premises has once more been found to be in breach of regulations that are in place to protect and save lives.

“We know that for the general public and the vast majority of our communities who have made considerable sacrifice to abide by the rules, instances like this cause a lot of frustration. I hope the public are reassured by the swift action taken to address these breaches – we take this incredibly seriously.

“These restrictions are in place to prevent the spread of this virus and save lives. To disregard this and put peoples’ lives at risk is unacceptable.”

You can report breaches of COVID-19 regulations by calling 101 or online here.
