```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Investigation launched following shots fired in Sheffield - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/july-2020/investigation-launched-following-shots-fired-in-sheffield/
```

_Date published: 25 July 2020 11:34_

 _Dated: 24 July 2020 13:55:56_

An investigation has been launched following reports of a firearms discharge in Sheffield in the early hours of this morning (24 July).

Police were called at around 1.10am to reports of shots fired at an address in Abbeydale Road.

Police attended the scene and discovered an injured dog that sadly had to be put down due to the injuries suffered.

There were no further reported injuries.

An investigation has been launched.

Superintendent Delphine Waring said: “A cordon remains in place on Abbeydale Road while our officers work hard to find who is responsible.

“We are pursuing a number of lines of enquiry including CCTV analysis and thorough searches.

“You may notice an increased police presence in the area throughout the day to provide reassurance to the local community. If you think you may have information which may help our officers, please do get in touch.

“If you were in the area at the time and you think you heard or saw something suspicious, or if you think you know who might be responsible, please call 101 quoting incident number 53 of 24 July.

“Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.”
