```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Two in custody after attempted robbery near Crystal Peaks, Sheffield - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/two-in-custody-after-attempted-robbery-near-crystal-peaks-sheffield/
```

_Date published: 25 February 2021 17:00_

 _Dated: 25 February 2021 16:59:28_

Two men are currently in police custody in connection with an attempted robbery in Sheffield on Monday 15 February. At around 2pm that afternoon, a woman was reportedly dragged out of her vehicle and threatened by a van driver when she refused to hand over her dog. This happened on the Waterthorpe Greenway, close to Crystal Peaks shopping centre.

It is reported that a woman in her 50s, had her dog in the car with her and was approaching the junction close to the centre in her car when a white van pulled up in front of her.

The driver of the van got out of the vehicle and approached her car, asking her to hand over her dog, a Lhasa Apso. When the woman refused, the man grabbed her by the hair through the open window and pulled her out of the car, causing her to fall to the ground. The man then got back in his van and drove off, leaving the victim with bruising and cuts to her knees.

The two men, aged 30 and 33, were arrested this afternoon (25 February) on suspicion of attempted robbery and remain in custody at this time.

PC Sue FOX, from Sheffield CID, said: “This was a very concerning incident, and we are continuing to explore numerous lines of enquiry. Following our appeal for information, I would like to thank everyone who has come forward with information so far. Your support is very much appreciated.

“If you do have any information about this, no matter how small, please do report it to us.”

Reports can be made by calling 101 quoting crime reference number 14/31351/21.

You can also make a report online using our new live chat function or online reporting forms by visiting our website.
