```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: On yer bike to safer cycling - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/august-2020/on-yer-bike-to-safer-cycling/
```

_Date published: 14 August 2020 10:44_

 _Dated: 14 August 2020 10:45:32_

We are all being encouraged to keep our distance from each other to stay safe, something that has highlighted the great levels of community spirit and care we have for each other- our respect for each other should also apply to our roads.

Officers from Sheffield North West NHP Team and our Operational Support Unit have taken to the city’s roads to ensure drivers and cyclists are keeping their distance.

Five officers took part in the ‘safe pass’ operation on 11 August in over 30 degrees heat. Two officers were on bicycles, one on a police motorbike and two officers supported the operation in a police van.

The operation was held on Penistone Road North with officers covering 30 kilometres between Fox Hill Road and Snig Hill.

A safe pass operation involves plain clothed police officers on bicycles cycling down the roads, closely followed by a police car or motorbike. The cycling officers will raise concerns of cars that have passed them too close to the officer on the police bike or car, who will then request the driver pulls over at a safe location.

It’s not just drivers, officers also ensure that fellow cyclists are riding and behaving in a safe manner.

Between 4pm and 5:45pm, 13 drivers were stopped for getting too close to officers. Two drivers were also stopped for driving while not wearing a seatbelt and a further three were stopped for driving while using a mobile phone.

Inspector Kevin Smith from the Sheffield North West Neighbourhood Team explains more about the operation, he said: “Myself and another officer were riding the bikes yesterday and are both keen cyclists.

“We cycle off duty, so understand the risks that are faced by all cyclists on the road as well as the perspective of drivers and pedestrians.

“The greatest risk to pedestrians and cyclists comes from motor vehicles, one of the benefits of being on bicycles is that we can also discourage any careless cycling that we might see- it is important that we all share the road and respect each other.

“After stopping the drivers yesterday, we explained that drivers should pass cyclists at a minimum of 1.5m distance at lower speeds to ensure everyone’s safety.”

For more information on cycling safer or adapting your driving to accommodate cyclists, please visit our partners South Yorkshire Safer Roads.
