```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Covid rule breakers face thousands of pounds in fines - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/covid-rule-breakers-face-thousands-of-pounds-in-fines/
```

_Date published: 01 February 2021 10:51_

 _Dated: 16 October 2020 13:19:09_

Thirty five fines totalling £13,460 issued for Covid-related breaches in South Yorkshire have been proven in people’s absence at court this week.

The Fixed Penalty Notices (FPNs), issued to 35 people and costing between £220 and £660 have been issued in addition to court costs and victim surcharges.

South Yorkshire was placed in Tier 2 – High within the government’s new three-tier lockdown system on Wednesday. We are taking this opportunity to urge people to adhere to the restrictions and comply with the new laws to avoid being issued a fine.

Superintendent Paul McCurry says police officers have always sought to engage the public in the first instance, and explain the measures currently in place; however as cases continue to rise across the county, police will now take a stronger stance against clear-cut breaches.

He said: “These emergency powers were introduced fairly quickly, and in a time of great uncertainty for the public. It was only right that we gave people the opportunity to become familiar with what they were being asked to do.

“However, we are now in a position where everybody should understand the seriousness of the situation we are facing. These rules are in place to prevent further strain on our NHS and protect the public – especially society’s most vulnerable.”

In South Yorkshire, it is illegal to gather in an indoor setting unless an exemption applies. It is also prohibited to gather in groups of more than six outdoors, unless an exemption applies.

If people either test positive for Covid-19 or are informed by NHS Test and Trace that they have been in close contact with someone who has, it is now a criminal offence not to self-isolate.

Supt. McCurry continued: “Our officers are stepping up patrols in high risk areas and we working closely with businesses, licensing and local authorities to share information and ensure the rules are being followed.

“Many people have made a great deal of sacrifices throughout this pandemic and I can’t thank them enough. However, we will take action against those who are sabotaging the efforts of the majority.”

If you wish to report a suspected breach of Covid regulations, you can do so via our online form: https://www.southyorkshire.police.uk/find-out/how-you-can-help/covid-19-information-and-guidance/. Please only call 999 in an emergency.
