```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Royal recognition for South Yorkshire Police DCC Roberts - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/royal-recognition-for-south-yorkshire-police-dcc-roberts/
```

_Date published: 31 December 2020 16:03_

 _Dated: 31 December 2020 16:03:27_

South Yorkshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Mark Roberts has been awarded the Queen’s Police Medal (QPM) in her New Year’s Honours.

The QPM is awarded to officers for their distinguished service in policing.

DCC Roberts has nearly 30 years’ service in policing, serving in both uniformed and investigative roles. A former Head of Investigations for the North West Counter Terrorism Unit and the public order commander for GMP’s response to the 2011 riots, he is the national lead for policing football and covert legislation and guidance.

“I am incredibly honoured to receive this prestigious award, on behalf of myself and South Yorkshire Police,” said DCC Roberts.

“I joined the force four years ago, while the organisation was going through a challenging period and we have collectively made a rate of progress under our Chief Constable Stephen Watson QPM which is unprecedented in British policing.

“The force is now in a vastly different place, with South Yorkshire Police recognised as the ‘most improved force’ for the third year running.

“This marked improvement is testament to the commitment, passion and work ethic of the marvellous people we have working within South Yorkshire Police. Our officers and staff demonstrate an unwavering dedication to protecting our communities, a dedication that has shone through even more so over the last 12 months.

“I am incredibly proud of what we have achieved in South Yorkshire and this honour reflects the work of everyone in the force.”

DCC Roberts has served in policing for 27 years, joining Greater Manchester Police in 1993 where he spent over 20 years, before moving to Cheshire Constabulary in 2014 as Assistant Chief Constable. In 2017, he joined South Yorkshire Police as Deputy Chief Constable.
