```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Barnsley burglary- can you help? - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/barnsley-burglary-can-you-help/
```

_Date published: 08 February 2021 16:54_

 _Dated: 05 February 2021 13:42:13_

Officers investigating a burglary in Barnsley, in which a nurse had sentimental family jewellery stolen, have released CCTV images as part of their enquiries.

On the evening of Saturday 23 January, the victim arrived home at 7.30pm to find her house on Paddock Road had been ransacked.

The offenders had broken a glass door to get into the property and stolen cash, documents and jewellery.
PC David Gregg, investigating, said: “The victim in this case had got home from a 12-hour shift at one of our local hospitals to find her home in chaos and some of her really precious belongings gone.

“She had two bottles of Penhaligons trade routes halfeti eau de parfum, a diamond ring, a Michael Kors watch, a grey leather look jewellery box that contained a gold ring with a triangular ruby with diamonds around, a Pandora silver bracelet with personal charms, multiple diamond stud earrings, silver fine bracelets, one with a rose gold heart with “live, laugh, love” engraved, Swarovski crystal friendship knot silver ring, small face gold watch, a silver necklace with pendant 'a mothers’ love will never die', a gold signet ring, a gold ring with oval black onyx, a rose gold Iphone 6s and a cream purse with bow on it stolen.

“Our enquiries are progressing and we’re now able to release CCTV images of a group of men we’d like to speak to in connection with what happened.

“We believe they might have information that is vital to our investigation.”

If you recognise those pictured or have any information that might help officers, please call 101 quoting incident number 786 of 23 January.

Do you recognise these people?

Items reported stolen
