```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Help us stop modern day slavery - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/help-us-stop-modern-day-slavery/
```

_Date published: 02 December 2020 18:08_

 _Dated: 02 December 2020 18:08:00_

Detectives in our Modern Slavery Unit are urging everyone to be vigilant in spotting the signs of modern slavery and human trafficking, as they work to disrupt criminals making money from the exploitation of vulnerable people.

Offenders primarily exploit victims of modern slavery and human trafficking through the sale of victims’ services for example, labour, sex work and criminality. They control victims’ bank accounts and generate profits from victims’ wages, benefits and credit, withdrawing and moving funds for their own gain. These funds then go to finance other criminal activity.

It’s also common for offenders to use debt as a way to control victims. These debts can also be linked to a victim’s family, placing a heavy burden on the individual. Often enforced through threats of violence and intimidation, this debt bondage leaves victims trapped in a vicious cycle of debt and exploitation, whilst offenders continue to increase their profits.

Detective Sergeant Susannah Wagstaff explained: “At the heart of this type of crime, there are criminals making significant sums of money from the exploitation of others. Imagine having a job but no access to your wages, or having no control over your own bank account. We need your help to identify persons subject to this type of exploitation.”

Below are a few common signs that someone could be a victim of modern slavery or human trafficking:
\- Evidence of physical abuse, including untreated injuries, branding or scarring
\- Visible distress, a heightened sense of general fear, an unusual distrust of law enforcement or withdrawn
\- May have been wearing the same clothes for days and appear unkempt, or wearing inappropriate clothes for the conditions
\- Communication controlled by another person speaking on their behalf, or dependant on another for travel, food or money
\- Be vague about the type of work they are doing, or working excessive hours but with little access to money
\- Doesn’t appear to have any money but does have a mobile phone
\- Not in possession of identity documents, or vague about their location
\- Children found in areas away from home, having unexplained money, items, gifts or mobile phones.

DS Wagstaff said: “By putting a stop to people being mistreated and exploited, we can significantly disrupt the work of individuals and gangs do harm to our communities through serious and violent crime.

“If you have concerns that an individual or group of people are being exploited, please contact South Yorkshire Police on 101, or on 999 in an emergency. You can also contact the Modern Slavery Helpline on 0800 0121700, which is open 24/7.”

To find out more about modern slavery, visit https://southyorkshire.police.uk/find-out/crime-prevention-advice/modern-slavery/or the South Yorkshire Modern Slavery Partnership (SYMSP) website, http://southyorksmsp.co.uk/. Follow the SYMSP at @SouthYorksMSP.
