```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police appeal for information to burglary in Sheffield - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/november-2020/police-appeal-for-information-to-burglary-in-sheffield/
```

_Date published: 29 November 2020 15:13_

 _Dated: 29 November 2020 15:11:43_

Police are investigating a reported burglary in the Fox Hill area of Sheffield in the early hours of yesterday morning (28 November).

Around 4.15am, it is reported that three men wearing all black and face coverings have entered a property on Fox Hill Road, demanding money and cannabis from the woman occupant who was downstairs at the time.

The suspects then reportedly attacked a man, causing minor injuries as he came downstairs to see what the noise was.

They then left the property taking a handbag, containing perfume and makeup.

It is believed the suspects had weapons and have targeted the wrong property. Police are keen to hear from anybody who may have information that can help the investigation.

Do you live in the area, did you hear or see anything suspicious? Police particularly want to hear from anybody who may have been driving in the area at the time and have dashcam footage that could help the investigation, or anybody that lives locally and has CCTV footage that could help.

Anybody with information should contact the police on 101 quoting incident number 127 of the 28 November 2020. You can also give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via their website – www.crimestoppers-uk.org – or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
