```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Quad bike rider jailed - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/quad-bike-rider-jailed/
```

_Date published: 05 March 2021 15:53_

 _Dated: 05 March 2021 15:49:23_

A quad bike rider who deliberately drove at police officers has been sentenced to time in prison.

On 24 November 2019 officers from our Off Road Bike intervention Team (ORBiT) were on proactive patrols around the Smithy Wood Road area; a hot spot area and regular ride through route, which attracts the concern of residents and pedestrians.

On entering the site officers soon became aware of Adam Oakes, 29, of Finlay Road, Rotherham driving around the land on a large quad bike.

As Oakes approached officers they illuminated their blue lights and signalled for him to stop, Oakes refused and sped off.

Another member of the team was alerted to Oakes route and got off his bike in order to block his path and speak to him, however this did not stop Oakes who drove deliberately at the officer.

Thankfully, he managed to get clear and avoid any collision, which saved him from injury.

PC Jamie Walker explains more about what happened next, he said: “Once I knew my colleague PC Palmer was ok, I continued to follow Oakes who was desperate to escape from us.

“I caught up to him and he attempted to ride up a bank, but failed to do so and started to drive towards me. I shouted for him to stop and with my Taser drawn he complied and got off his quad.

“He was subsequently arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and other motoring offences and later charged.”

Officers from the ORBiT worked hard to secure evidence against Oakes, ensuring the CPS were aware of the nature of the land being used, the threat to the public and walkers on the footpaths and close by on the TransPennine Trail.

The quad bike did not belong to Oakes and was seized due to being suspected to be stolen, due to the number plate being taped up and Oakes not being the owner.

Our officers do not come to work to be targets of threatening behaviour that could lead to injuring them in the line of duty, they come to work to serve and protect their communities.

PC Walker added: “Oakes showed no consideration for anyone while riding his quad. There is a worrying trend where the riders of these vehicles are being extremely aggressive and using their vehicles as weapons driving deliberately at people.

“We are officers but we are also human, we have families and loved ones and deserve to go home at the end of our shift uninjured.

“We understand people’s passion for off-road biking, we share their passion, however it must be done in a safe and responsible manner on legal trails.

“Legal riders are encouraged to ride responsibly and lawfully whilst illegal riders and thieves will continue to be targeted; we listen to our communities and understand the impact they have.”
Oakes, of Finlay Road, Sheffield pleaded guilty to charges of dangerous driving, he was sentenced yesterday (4 March) at Sheffield Crown Court to four months in prison and disqualified from driving for 14 months and ordered to pay fees of £122.
