```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Drink driving- Is it worth the risk? - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/drink-driving-is-it-worth-the-risk/
```

_Date published: 02 December 2020 16:10_

 _Dated: 02 December 2020 16:09:51_

In the words of Chris Rea ‘We’re driving home for Christmas’, and traffic officers are urging drivers to do that sober!

This year has been different for everyone, and Christmas will continue to be a difficult and different time for people as the Covid-19 pandemic continues.

The dangers of drink and drug driving still remain and we are urging you to think, is it worth it? You could lose your job, your family or potentially your life. Drink driving kills, it’s a fact, and you could be responsible for the death of someone’s loved one.

Last year in December our officers stopped 1184 vehicles to carry out breath tests and drug wipes. Of those drivers stopped, 100 blew a positive result for being over the drink drive limit and out of 64 drugs wipes administered, 30 drivers failed this test.

Our officers are not the ‘Grinch’ and do not want to steal Christmas from anyone, but the message is simple, be ‘merry’ but don’t get behind your wheel, and remember you could still be over the limit the following morning.

Roads Traffic Inspector Jason Booth said: “You, our communities tell us that drink and drug driving is among the top three areas you’d like us to focus on.

“This year, although Christmas will be slightly different for everyone, the dangers of drink driving remain the same.

“Our commitment to safer roads will also continue. Throughout December, officers will be carrying out roadside breath tests and drug wipes to ensure that those driving over the alcohol limit or driving whilst under the influence of drugs are caught and prosecuted.

“There is no way to know how fast your body will process alcohol and everyone is different.

“Please think before you get in a car. Is it really worth it? We wish everyone a happy and safe Christmas.”

This Christmas may not be late nights out in the pubs, but even an extra glass of wine at a loved one’s house or one more pint before leaving can be the difference between life and death.

Inspector Booth added: “Taxi services and public transport will still be running, please use them, a small price to pay to ensure everyone stays safe.”

South Yorkshire Safer Roads Partnership will also be hitting the roads of South Yorkshire with their digital ad vans, keep an eye out for their messages and share the message for safer roads.

We are keen to hear your thoughts on drink driving, please complete our short survey here.
