```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: 'Join us in #Standingupforhanging up- No mobile phone use on South Yorkshire''s roads - SYP'
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/join-us-in-standingupforhanging-up-no-mobile-phone-use-on-south-yorkshires-roads/
```

_Date published: 03 February 2021 12:46_

 _Dated: 03 February 2021 16:00:44_

Roads Policing Officers are supporting #Standingupforhangingup as this month (February) they focus their attention on those who use their mobile phone behind the wheel.
FACT- You are four times more likely to be involved in a collision if you drive while using your phone.

FACT- Using a hands free device impairs your judgement and reaction time just as much as being on your phone.

Your reaction time could be the difference between life and death. As part of the National Police Chiefs Council campaign, officers will be joining up with the Safer Roads Partnership to educate and take action against those who pose a risk on our roads. Are you supporting us? Are you #Standingupforhangingup?

Our Roads Policing Team have a dedicated pro-active car that is focused on enforcing against the fatal four; speeding, drink and drug driving, mobile phone use and not wearing a seatbelt.

Roads Policing Sergeant Matt Duffy explains more about the law and dangers, he said: “It is illegal to use a handheld mobile phone while driving or riding a motorcycle but we find more and more people ignore the law and using your mobile is becoming the ‘social norm’. It is dangerous and costs lives.

“If you are caught using your mobile phone you could be given six penalty points and a £200 fine. If you have passed your driving test in the last two years, you will automatically lose your licence.

“Fines and points do not seem to deter drivers enough, and we are living in a world where we are addicted to our mobile phones.
“If you find it hard to not use your mobile phone while driving lock it away, store it in your handbag or glovebox out of reach and sight.”
While Covid-19 continues to affect us a country, officers are still committed to tackling the issues that matter to our communities and keeping everyone safe.

Sergeant Duffy added: “We are living and working in unprecedented times, where there is a high strain and demand being put on our NHS. Road traffic collisions add to this pressure. A collision ties up police, ambulance, air ambulance and hospital resources, and for those causing a collision by using their mobile phone, it can all be avoided, please think and put your phone down.”

The Safer Roads Partnership are supporting our campaign by sharing advice on the radio, social media and on the streets of South Yorkshire with the digital ‘ivan’.

Their advertising will draw a link between clapping for carers and using the same hands to text, swipe, call or even TikTok while driving.

Joanne Wehrle, manager of SYSRP, said: “We cannot stress the importance of giving driving your full attention, especially at a time when our key workers are massively over stretched.

“If you’re travelling for essential reasons, please do not risk lives. Distractions can be deadly.

“If you clapped for carers, think about those same hands and what you do with them while driving,

“Keep your hands on the wheel and off your phone and the NHS workers will thank you.”

Please follow our social media channels to see how we are tackling the problem and supporting the NPCC’s campaign.

For more information on mobile phone use behind the wheel, please visit SYSRP website-https://sysrp.co.uk/mobiles/
