```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Family of Lewis Williams issues plea ahead of funeral - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/february-2021/family-of-lewis-williams-issues-plea-ahead-of-funeral/
```

_Date published: 10 February 2021 09:57_

 _Dated: 10 February 2021 09:55:35_

The family of Lewis Williams, who died following an incident in Mexborough last month, is urging people to stay safe while paying their respects ahead of his funeral later this week.

Lewis’s funeral is due to take place in Swinton tomorrow (Thursday, 11 February).

Due to the government’s current Covid-19 restrictions, funeral services in England are limited to an attendance of 30 people.

Only the 30 people who have been invited by Lewis’ family will be able to attend inside the church.

Gatherings of any other kind are not permitted under the current government restrictions.

Lewis’ family has asked that people are mindful of the restrictions and current social distancing guidelines.

They said: “We know that Lewis was loved by many and that a number of people would like to come and pay their respects.

“We want people to say their final goodbye responsibly, for their safety and the safety of the local community. So we want to remind anyone attending to observe social distancing guidelines, to keep everyone safe. We also welcome thoughts and prayers for Lewis from those who are paying their respects from home rather than attending in person.

“Lewis was much loved by his family, partner and friends. He was always there for anyone needing help, and always had a smile on his face. He was funny, loving and one of the most polite young men you could hope to meet.

“Lewis has left a massive hole in the hearts of all who loved him.”

Enquiries are continuing into Lewis’ death following an incident on Wath Road on Monday 11 January.

So far six people have been charged with his murder and are remanded into custody pending further court appearances.

You can continue to provide information about Lewis’ death directly to the investigation team via the online Major Incident Public Portal or by calling 101 quoting incident number 495 of 11 January 2021.

You can also give information anonymously to independent charity Crimestoppers via their website or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.

Lewis Williams
