```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Appeal following arson in Sheffield - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/appeal-following-arson-in-sheffield/
```

_Date published: 08 March 2021 14:42_

 _Dated: 08 March 2021 14:39:48_

Police in Sheffield are appealing for information after a bench was set alight outside a community building in Arbourthorne.

Officers were alerted to the incident by the National Police Air Service (NPAS) who saw smoke at the building on East Bank Road, Sheffield on Saturday, 6 March at 5.40pm.

It was reported that a memorial bench dedicated to a victim of the Manchester Arena terrorist attack had been set alight. The fire then spread to part of the roof on the building, causing extensive damage to both the bench and the building.

Officers are continuing with enquiries to establish the circumstances surrounding the fire and identify those responsible.

PC Leigh Jenkinson from the Sheffield South East Neighbourhood team is leading the investigation, he said: “We are committed to finding those responsible for this mindless act of vandalism, where a bench that had been dedicated to one of the victims of the Manchester Arena attack was destroyed. The fire also caused extensive damage to the Arbourthorne centre, which members of the community regularly use.

At this time we do not believe this to be a deliberate targeted act of damage to the bench, but nevertheless this has been extremely upsetting for the family and we want to ensure those responsible are found.

We are keen to hear from anybody who may have information that could help the investigation to please get in touch.”

If you are able to help please call 101 quoting incident number 716 of 6 March 2021, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
