```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Our animal of the year - PD Winston - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/our-animal-of-the-year-pd-winston/
```

_Date published: 24 October 2020 18:52_

 _Dated: 24 October 2020 19:44:44_

Please give a round of ap-paws to our Animal of the Year, Police Dog Winston!

Our dogs and horses are a big part of our policing family, and show exceptional bravery and commitment in their role, protecting their handlers and the public.

We have 23 dogs across the force that are dedicated to protecting their communities, whether that’s chasing criminals, finding missing people or sniffing out drugs and weapons - they all play a vital part and we think they’re all winners.

Back in September we asked you to vote for who you thought was a worthy winner of our Operational Support Awards. You voted for PD Winston, an English Springer Spaniel trained in detecting cash, drugs and weapons.

PD Winston became a drug, cash and firearms detection dog in 2014 and after helping find over a million pounds worth of drugs, retired from police work and re-trained in specialist detection dog work.

Due to reduced numbers of dogs with SYP we asked PD Winston if he would come out of retirement and return to the world of blue lights, sirens and crime - he agreed but negotiated well on the amount of tennis balls included in his contract!

PD Winston’s handler PC Lee Schofield explains more about Winston’s achievements across South Yorkshire, he said: “Over the years Winston has clocked up numerous detections of weapons that have been used in serious offences as well a huge amount of drugs we have seized from organised crime.

“Every day he comes to work with a smile on his face ready to search and find, work is one big game to him and he does it all for a ball.

“Winston has been back in action for nearly a year now and for the foreseeable future he will continue to work, he’s great at his job.

“Some of his career highlights include recovering over £700,000 worth of cocaine in one find and several hundreds of thousands of pounds of cash including £150,000 that was hidden in a cellar and finding a firearms buried underground.
“In addition to this he has located shell casings and firearms for forensic opportunities in serious shootings and murder investigations.”

On top of Winston’s achievements his paw-fect face and cute nose has melted the hearts of many children and adults while on community visits and raising awareness the police force.

Today (21 October) PD Winston and his handler PC Schofield were presented with their award by Operational Support Unit’s Superintendent Paul McCurry.

Supt McCurry said: “We recognise the efforts of our officers and reward them for going above and beyond in their roles, I think it is important that we also recognise the value that animals bring to policing.

“I am pleased to award PD Winston with his trophy today. Congratulations to not only PD Winston but also PC Schofield, who Winston takes his direction and command from, excellent teamwork.”

PC Scofield said: “It’s a pleasure to receive the award for Winston. Thank you to the public who voted.”

PD Winston looking award ready

PD Winston and PC Lee Schofield
