```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Goats rescued by Darnall officers - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/march-2021/goats-rescued-by-darnall-officers/
```

_Date published: 03 March 2021 13:07_

 _Dated: 03 March 2021 13:06:25_

Officers from our Darnall and Tinsley Neighbourhood Team made an unusual seizure this week after being made aware of a group of goats being kept in dangerous conditions.

Twelve animals were removed from an allotment under the Animal Welfare Act and handed over to the RSPCA after concerns were raised several weeks ago.

Sergeant Peter Heginbotham said: “The RSPCA contacted us to report a number of issues with a whole range of animals being kept in varying conditions at a site in the Darnall area. Since then, we’ve been working closely with them, the local authority and the animal’s owners to ensure their safety.

“Whilst a number of animals including guinea pigs, dogs and a pony were disclaimed and passed over to the RSPCA with no issues, the goats had to be seized by our team.

“Reports had been received that these lovely animals were being kept in dangerous conditions, being fed incorrect food and were likely to be destined for illegal slaughter.

“Now they have been moved to a place of safety and are being cared for how they should be. We were happy to support the RSPCA who are now taking over the investigation and will explore if any offences have been committed.”

If you are concerned about any animal welfare issues, please contact the RSPCA on 0300 1234 999 or South Yorkshire Police on 101.

You can also make reports online here
