```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Police appeal for witnesses after shots fired in Wath - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/october-2020/police-appeal-for-witnesses-after-shots-fired-in-wath/
```

_Date published: 22 October 2020 11:31_

 _Dated: 22 October 2020 12:31:30_

Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward after shots were fired in Quarry Hill Road in Wath yesterday evening (21 October).

Police were called at around 4.20pm to reports of firearms discharges from a dark grey/black car and a white BMW travelling in convoy.

Then at around 4.30pm, a black 4x4 was involved in a road traffic collision, colliding with a tree, close to the scene on Hoober Lane/ Angel Lane at Brampton Bierlow. It is not established at this time if this vehicle was linked to the shooting.

Police attended the scene and the road was closed while they conducted their enquiries.

No injuries have been reported to us.

Two men, aged 24 and 25, have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences. They remain in police custody.

Police now want to hear from anyone who may have seen what happened, or anyone who may hold information which might help the investigation.

Were you in the area at the time? Did you see or hear anything suspicious? Do you think you may have CCTV or dash cam footage of what happened?

If you think you can help our officers, please call 101 quoting incident number 590 of 21 October.

Alternatively, you can stay completely anonymous by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers via their website Crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling their UK Contact Centre on 0800 555 111.
