```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: Off-duty detective and passer-by detain burglars in Sheffield - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2020/december-2020/off-duty-detective-and-passer-by-detain-burglars-in-sheffield/
```

_Date published: 11 December 2020 17:08_

 _Dated: 11 December 2020 15:07:47_

How about this for a dream team?

Earlier this year, one of our off-duty detectives was driving home from work when he spotted two men acting suspiciously along Ringinglow Road in Sheffield. Detective Sergeant Stafford Megson turned his car around and it soon became clear that the pair had entered a property…

As the burglar alarm sounded, DS Megson approached the house and found the door unlocked.

Before he went inside he shouted back to the road for assistance, where he’d noticed an unsuspecting member of the public walking by.

Without any hesitation, Martin Zeidler appeared at DS Megson’s side as the pair were confronted by two men heading down the stairs of the property.

As DS Megson arrested the first offender, Martin detained the second man, bringing him to the ground as he struggled to get away.

Without Martin’s help, the second burglar would have undoubtedly fled the scene.

Instead, both men were successfully charged with burglary and are serving custodial sentences. Their elderly victim has had precious jewellery returned to them.

Earlier this week (Wednesday December 9) both DS Megson and Mr Zeidler were presented with District Commander’s commendations for their efforts.

Temporary Chief Superintendent Shelley Hemsley said: “Martin demonstrated pure public spiritedness that afternoon, he quite literally answered the call of duty as DS Megson requested assistance.

“Martin didn’t know what he was helping us with that day, but he showed fantastic bravery, which should certainly be recognised.

“As for DS Megson, he showed absolute commitment to his role as a police officer and to the public of South Yorkshire that day. His actions have helped put two shameless criminals behind bars and saved an elderly person a great deal of heartache. Well done.”
