```yaml
area: South Yorkshire
title: ASB, drug supply and Covid breaches focus for Page Hall team - SYP
url: https://www.southyorks.police.uk/find-out/news-and-appeals/2021/january-2021/asb-drug-supply-and-covid-breaches-focus-for-page-hall-team/
```

_Date published: 09 January 2021 07:11_

 _Dated: 09 January 2021 07:11:46_

Our Page Hall Team have had a busy week as they continue to tackle anti-social behaviour, drug supply and breaches of the Covid-19 restrictions.

Over the last few days, officers have been focusing on extended foot patrols after a disturbance on New Year’s Eve, offering reassurance but also carrying out enforcement activity.

Sergeant Tony Cartlidge said: “My officers have been stop-searching individuals and vehicles under the Misuse of Drugs act as we continue to act on intelligence around drug supply.

“We have also been continuing to monitor Covid breaches in the area, which has been running alongside our ongoing crackdown on nuisance vehicles and driving offences.”

In the last 72 hours, officers have seized five vehicles, after drivers were found to have no insurance or licences.

The team have also been carrying out address checks as part of enquiries into the importing of the controlled drug Khat.

Earlier this week officers issued seven fines (FPNs) to a group who were breaching the Covid-19 restrictions inside an address.

The team were on routine patrols when they identified a large group of people entering a property on Hinde Street.

Inside, the team found a group of people from multiple households.

The individuals were ordered to leave the address and return to their own properties.

PC Alistair Stanistreet said: “Our routine patrols are vital in identifying breaches of the Covid restrictions, this particular group came to our attention as they entered a residential property.

“There was a mix of adults and children who were all swiftly dispersed and fixed penalty notices have now been issued.”

The team have issued a total of 20 FPNs since the latest lockdown came into force.
