```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who knocked another man unconscious after a night out in Peterborough was heard shouting \u201Cno one can touch me!\u201D before he punched the victim."
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: Man knocked victim unconscious after a night out
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-knocked-victim-unconscious-after-night-out
```

A man who knocked another man unconscious after a night out in Peterborough was heard shouting "no one can touch me!" before he punched the victim.

Jorge Loureiro, 43, had been drinking at venues in Broadway on 23 June 2019.

He was walking in the road and was described by witnesses as behaving boisterously and excitedly swinging his arms around. He is alleged to have shouted "no one can touch me."

He walked past a group of people and knocked into them. When challenged about his behaviour, Loureiro pushed the victim, a man in his 20s, out of the way and then punched him in the face with such force the man fell to the ground and was knocked unconscious.

The victim suffered a fractured nose as a result of the punch and concussion from the impact of his head hitting the pavement when he fell. The whole incident was captured on CCTV obtained from a nearby venue and the council.

Loureiro, of Wesleyan Road, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to causing actual bodily harm without intent and was sentenced to six months suspended for 18 months at Peterborough Crown Court today.

PC Luke Blakey, who investigated, said: "Loureiro's violent behaviour was completely uncalled for and he caused a great deal of distress to the victim and his friends at the time.

"What should have been a peaceful end to a good night turned into chaos."
