```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who punched his ex-partner, before grabbing her by her hair and slamming her head against his van has been jailed for a year.
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2020
title: A year in prison for man who knocked ex unconscious
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Year-in-prison-for-man-who-knocked-ex-unconscious
```

A man who punched his ex-partner, before grabbing her by her hair and slamming her head against his van has been jailed for a year.

Terry Smith, 36, got into an argument with the woman on 24 August. He drove past her home, where she and others were watching the children playing out in the garden.

Smith leant out of his van and began arguing with the victim about the children. He then reached out and punched his ex in the side of the head, which caused her to fall and hit her head on the pavement. She was knocked unconscious for a few moments.

A fight then broke out between Smith and another person who was with the victim at the time. Smith punched the individual and then drove off.

He returned some time later and began shouting at the victim once more. This time, he grabbed her by the hair and hit her head on the side of his van multiple times as he slowly drove off.

Smith, of Oxney Road, Peterborough pleaded guilty to two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm (ABH) and was sentenced to a year in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (16 April). He was also handed an indefinite restraining order.

DC Zoe Slater, who investigated, said: "Smith is an angry and violent man who beat his ex-partner, causing significant injuries.

"I'm glad he has been put behind bars where he cannot hurt the victim or her family."
