```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An 18-year-old burglar has been jailed for a year after committing his fifth burglary in Fenland in less than nine months.
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2020
title: Teenage burglar jailed after fifth offence in nine months
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jan-Michalczyk
```

An 18-year-old burglar has been jailed for a year after committing his fifth burglary in Fenland in less than nine months.

Jan Michalczyk (pictured below) broke into the home of a woman in Onyx Court, Wisbech, on 4 May this year, stealing her most sentimental possessions including her engagement and wedding rings, and a ring belonging to her late husband.

The 68-year-old widow woke to find she had been burgled during the night while she was sleeping, having had jewellery and a purse with cash and bank cards stolen from her flat, as well as two boxes of cereal.

We were immediately called and forensic officers managed to match finger prints recovered from a window to that of 18-year-old Michalczyk.

PC Anna Pollard, who investigated, said: "Not only did Michalczyk steal from his victim, but she has been left feeling unsafe in her own home - no one should be made to feel like this.

"She is devastated by the loss of the jewellery which meant so much to her, something which doesn't even cross the mind of thieves when they are carrying out their crimes."

In December last year (2019), Michalczyk was sentenced to a 12-month referral order after admitting carrying out four dwelling burglaries in Whittlesey on 26 and 27 August, and two counts of fraud by false representation where he used bank cards he had stolen from the homes.

A referral order is the first community sentence given to most first-time young offenders, requiring them to attend a youth offender panel made up of two members of the local community and an advisor from a youth offending team, where they will agree a contract of certain commitments.

Yesterday (Monday 13 July), Michalczyk, of Copperfields in Wisbech, appeared at Cambridge Crown Court where he was sentenced to 12 months in prison for burglary, following a previous guilty plea.

In sentencing, His Honour Judge Cooper said: "This is the fifth domestic burglary committed in less than a year, committed during Covid-19 lockdown on a vulnerable person, in which you took her most sentimental possessions. The seriousness of the offence warrants immediate custody."

Information and advice on how to best protect your home and your belongings from burglars can be found on the force website at www.cambs.police.uk/burglary.
