```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer who tried to sell cocaine and heroin to a plain-clothed police officer in Peterborough has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2021
title: Dealer tried to sell drugs to plain-clothed police officer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Ilederico-Araujo-sentencing
```

A drug dealer who tried to sell cocaine and heroin to one of our plain-clothed police officers in Peterborough has been jailed.

The officer from the Neighbourhood Support Team, PC George Enright, was on foot patrol in the Welland area on 9 December 2019 when he was flagged down by 27-year-old Ilederico Araujo.

PC Enright went to see what Araujo wanted when he noticed he was holding something in his hand, on asking him what it was, Araujo opened up his palm to reveal several wraps of what looked to be class A drugs.

Identifying himself as a police officer, PC Enright arrested Araujo on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, before searching his pockets where he found 62 wraps of crack cocaine and 12 wraps of heroin.

A further search of him was carried out in custody which revealed 10 more wraps of crack cocaine and £309.70 in cash.

After being interviewed, Araujo was initially released under investigation, however, on 23 November last year (2020), he was charged with possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin, as well as possession of criminal property.

Araujo, of Burlington Road in Leeds, admitted the offences in court last month and today (Wednesday) appeared at Huntingdon Law Courts where he was sentenced to two years and four months in prison.

DC Colin Avis, who investigated, said: "Part of the role of our Neighbourhood Support Team is to tackle drug dealing in our communities and one tactic they use is to blend in, even to the extent that unsuspecting dealers offer them drugs.

"This was a great example of being in the right place at the right time for the officer, resulting in harmful substances being removed from our streets and a dealer now spending time in prison."

Anyone with information about drug dealing can report it to us online.
