```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A jealous man who subjected his partner to prolonged controlling abuse has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2020
title: Jealous man controlled and threatened partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jealous-man-controlled-and-threatened-partner
```

A jealous man who subjected his partner to prolonged controlling abuse has been sentenced.

David Inniss, 37, and his partner of almost two years broke up in May last year.

The split prompted Inniss' ex-partner, a woman in her 20s, to courageously come forward and report the abuse she had suffered at his hands during their relationship which began in October 2017.

Throughout the relationship, Inniss became increasingly controlling and possessive of the victim.

He would repeatedly demand to look at her phone and his jealousy would isolate the victim from her friends and work colleagues.

In November 2017, Inniss was driving with the victim in Cambridge when he became angry following a text she had received.

He told the victim she could not go anywhere without him and threatened to crash the car and take her to a woman's house to kill her if she did not hand over the mobile.

A few days later, he threatened her with knives, again demanding her phone. He also told the victim he had a gun under the sink and threatened to harm the people she knew.

Inniss would also emotionally abuse the victim by telling her she was lucky to have him, and putting her down, making her feel worthless.

Inniss was subsequently arrested at his home in Blackberry Way, Cambridge, on 22 May last year.

He later pleaded guilty to charges of controlling and coercive behaviour and was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (1 October) to 11 months in prison, suspended for 18 months.

He was also ordered to carry out 140 hours of unpaid work and was handed an indefinite restraining order.

DC Kayleigh Fillary said: "This victim endured such a long period of awful abuse and I whole-heartedly commend her for bravely speaking out.

"It meant we were able to put a stop to the horrific abuse she suffered at the hands of a man who claimed to love her.

"It is heart-breaking to know that the abuse became so frequent she began to think it was normal behaviour.

"I hope the sentence gives the victim comfort and closure from this abusive relationship and highlights to others the importance of seeking support.

"Tackling domestic abuse of all kinds and safeguarding victims is one of our main priorities and we will continue to work night and day to bring perpetrators to justice."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse
