```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: More than 40 Covid fines have been issued to people across Cambridge failing to follow the current Covid guidelines.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2020
title: More than 40 Covid fines issued over weekend
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/42-covid-fines
```

More than 40 Covid fines have been issued to people across Cambridge failing to follow the current Covid guidelines.

As tighter restrictions and a second national lockdown looms, Cambridgeshire Constabulary and Cambridgeshire County Council are urging people to continue to follow the rules set out in Tier One by the Government which include following the rule of six.

Between Friday (30 October) and Sunday (1 November), the force issued 42 Fixed Penalty Notices as a result of house parties at five different locations including in student accommodation in Cambridge city, Ravensworth Gardens, Cambridge and Harvey Way in Waterbeach. (20 were issued to women aged 17 to 29 years and 22 issued to men aged 18-35 years)

Assistant Chief Constable Vicki Evans said: "We understand that with a second lockdown upon us it is tempting to meet friends and relatives for one last party but we urge everyone, for the sake of the health of their families and friends, to continue to follow the law.

"Our message throughout this pandemic remains the same that this is about personal responsibility. While the majority of people are acting responsibly, there are a few who are choosing to ignore the guidance and causing disruption for the local community.

"We will continue to use the 4 E's of engaging, explaining, encouragement and enforcement, but where people fail to respond, fines will be issued as they have been this weekend.

"The rules are very clear, that for now, no more than six people can be together inside or outside."

Director of Public Health for Cambridgeshire and Peterborough, Dr Liz Robin added: "Covid19 spreads between people through social contact - which is why lockdowns are effective in controlling the spread of the virus. Any last-minute increase in socialising before the lockdown regulations come in on Thursday would be counter-productive and reduce the impact of the four-week lockdown.

"It's essential that everyone of us does our best to protect the most vulnerable and the ability of our health service to care for everyone who needs it."

Further information about the current Covid restrictions in Cambridgeshire here
