```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who took a \u2018vicious looking\u2019 hunting knife into a St Ives pub has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2020
title: "Man took \u2018vicious looking\u2019 knife into St Ives pub"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tyler-knife-court
```

A man who took a 'vicious looking' hunting knife into a St Ives pub has been sentenced.

Judge Matthew Lowe said Tyler Atkins-Jenner had the ingredients for a recipe of disaster when he took the nine-inch blade into the pub, on The Broadway, on 23 February.

A member of the public tipped off the landlord of the pub that the 21-year-old was carrying the knife in his trousers.

Police were called and Atkins-Jenner attempted to run off before he was stopped by officers and security and the hunting knife was located in his waistband.

While sentencing Atkins-Jenner to six months in prison, suspended for two years, at Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (2 December), Judge Lowe said: "You were seen in public with a vicious looking knife. While intoxicated and with the knife you entered a pub which has ingredients for a recipe of disaster which fortunately didn't happen."

Atkins-Jenner of Tavistock Street, Bedford, must also carry out 100 hours unpaid work and complete a 50 day rehabilitation activity requirement for pleading guilty to possession of a knife in public.

Sergeant Keith Osbourne said: "Some people think that carrying a knife provides them with protection. What it actually does is put them, their friends and family in danger and increase the chances of someone being hurt."

Further information about what to do if you suspect someone is carrying a knife or you would like more information about knife crime.
