```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary have once again urged members of the public to comply with the regulations of the government lockdown this weekend.
publish:
  date: 9 Apr 2020
title: Police Chief calls for restraint this bank holiday weekend
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-chief-calls-for-restraint-this-bank-holiday-weekend
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary have once again urged members of the public to comply with the regulations of the government lockdown this weekend.

The force's Chief Constable, Nick Dean, has issued the plea to remain indoors, despite temptations brought on by forecasts of warm weather and the four-day bank holiday weekend.

Mr Dean said: "Our message is clear, please continue to stay in and help us save lives.

"We have already had a great response from communities in Cambridgeshire, who are doing their bit to stick to the lockdown restrictions and help us protect our precious NHS.

"We will be out across the county over the weekend ensuring people continue to comply. Where there are cases where people refuse we will engage with those people and if we have to use the powers available to us.

"People may not think it but by staying in they are really making a difference. This disease does not discriminate, we are all at risk and we have a responsibility to do everything we can to protect people.

"Our approach is to engage and encourage people to go home but if people still won't comply we will act. Only five fines in the past 48 hours which shows the vast majority of people are taking this very seriously, thank you."

An online form is now available for members of the public to report serious breaches of COVID-19 restrictions. To find out more, visit: https://bit.ly/2V8qPol.
