```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A closure notice has been served on a house in Paston following a mass gathering of up to 300 people on Monday night (25 May).
publish:
  date: 27 May 2020
title: Closure notice for Paston house following mass gathering
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sheepwalk-closure-notice
```

A closure notice has been served on a house in Paston following a mass gathering of up to 300 people on Monday night (25 May).

The notice was issued this afternoon (Wednesday 27 May) to 171 Sheepwalk as a result of the gathering which saw numerous calls of service from local residents.

Evidence has been obtained and legal advice sought to go ahead with the closure notice which closes the premises to anyone other than the legal occupants for 48 hours. The notice was issued at 5.30pm today.

Following this, an application will be made to Peterborough Magistrates' Court on Friday (29 May) for a full closure order to be granted, which could prohibit access to everyone, including the current occupants, for a period of up to three months.

Failure to comply with the notice is a criminal offence which could result in imprisonment for up to three months, a fine, or both.

The notice states the 'premises are subject to a closure notice as there are reasonable grounds for believing that the use of the premises has resulted or is likely to soon result in nuisance to members of the public from noise from parties, disorder and drug dealing, that there has been or is likely soon to be disorder near the premises associated with the use of those premises'.

Inspector Ian Lombardo said: "There is a line between organising community events to build morale in this challenging time and the events of Monday night. This was very clearly not acceptable and caused significant concern to local residents and put a strain on police resources.

"The closure notice gives us more powers to be able to tackle any further issues and move people on from the area, or arrest them should they fail to comply.

"Officers have been patrolling the area since the event on Monday night and will continue to do so."
