```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A registered sex offender was caught flouting a court order after a woman read a story about his previous crimes in the media.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2019
title: Sex offender looked after nine year old boy
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sex-offender-looked-after-nine-year-old-boy
```

A registered sex offender was caught flouting a court order after a woman read a story about his previous crimes in the media.

Aaron Batchelor, 23, had a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) imposed on him and was put on the Sex Offenders Register in 2015 after being convicted of making and possessing indecent images of children.

However, in July this year Batchelor, of Wootton Avenue, Fletton, Peterborough, exchanged messages on social media with a 16-year-old boy and later stayed at his home overnight, where he lived with his nine-year-old brother.

Then, on 31 July, Batchelor was left at the property to look after the younger boy by himself.

He was arrested on 3 August by officers from the Public Protection Unit (PPU) after the boys' mother read media coverage of a previous conviction for breaching his notification requirements.

Batchelor pleaded guilty to a breach of his SHPO and failure to comply with Sex Offenders Register requirements and was sentenced to 16 months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (24 September).

DC Jim Howard said: "I would like to thank the woman who came forward after reading about Batchelor in the media. It is crucial that members of the public continue to help us in bringing these people to justice."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through _Clare's Law_ and _Sarah's Law_.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found _on the force website_.
