```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A father who punched and kicked his estranged wife in front of his 4-year-old old son has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2018
title: Car jack attacker jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Car-jack-attacker-jailed
```

A father who punched and kicked his estranged wife in front of his 4-year-old old son has been jailed.

Armed with a car jack Ghulam Abbas, 42, drove to a property in Glebe Road, Peterborough, where his estranged wife was living at about 12.50am on 11 March

When a man in his 50s came out of the property Abbas hit him with the car jack, knocking him unconscious.

Abbas went inside the house where he punched the victim, who is in her 40s, and hit her with the jack. He then went back to the first victim, who was still on the floor, and kicked him twice.

Not content, Abbas then returned to the house to continue assaulting the woman by punching and kicking her. By this time three children were present, Abbas' son and two girls aged seven and 11. The elder girl tried to intervene but was pushed away by Abbas before he left the scene.

Later the same day his car, a silver Nissan Micra, was discovered in Oundle Road. The car jack and blood was found inside.

Abbas, of Gladstone Street, Peterborough, went on the run but was arrested on 19 March at a property in Lincoln Road after trying to hide in a cupboard.

Photo: Ghulam Abbas

Abbas admitted assault causing actual bodily harm (ABH), assault causing grievous bodily harm, wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm (GBH), assault by beating and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.

Yesterday (25 June) at Peterborough Crown Court he was sentenced to seven years and six months for wounding with intent and a year for the ABH, to run consecutively, and three months for assault by beating to run concurrently. The GBH and possession of an offensive weapon charges are to be kept on file.

Detective Constable James Bennett said: "This was a vicious attack, committed partly in the presence of children, including Abbas' young son.

"We will not tolerate violence like this and I hope the sentence today allows the victims to move on with their lives."
