```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Michael Janes is starting a five year sentence for a string of offences.
publish:
  date: 15 Aug 2019
title: Prolific city burglar jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prolific-city-burglar-jailed
```

A prolific Cambridge burglar is starting a five year sentence for a string of offences.

Michael Janes, of no fixed abode, was handed the jail term at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (14 August) after pleading guilty to two robberies, five burglaries, theft and three incidents of fraud.

Detective Constable Susan Burberry said: "Janes is a prolific offender who used aggressive and intimidating behaviour towards his victims to get what he wanted.

"The people and businesses of Cambridge can now be reassured knowing he is safely behind bars."

The 42-year-old's crime spree began on 12 June when he broke in the Lido in Jesus Green and stole about £30 from a vending machine as well as £15 of stock.

On 15 June he put 16 items of meat worth more than £100 into his shopping basket in the Co-Op on Mill Road and walked out without paying.

Janes used a screwdriver to break the lock at Masters House in Histon Road on 18 June but left empty handed.

On 26 June he robbed the owner of The Box Cafe in Norfolk Street of about £200 while she was cashing up the till.

His offending continued and on 29 June he stole £100 and a mobile phone from Lucy Cavendish College in Lady Margaret Road.

The next day he committed a robbery at Cats College in Chesterton where he took a purse and flashed a screwdriver, which was hidden under his top, at two members of staff.

He went on to use one of the bank cards from the purse in three separate transactions worth £59.96.

On 10 July he stole bank cards from Clay Farm Centre in Hobson Square and used them three times to purchase items worth a total of £137.71.

In each incident CCTV footage captured Janes and he was arrested on 16 July after a member of the public reported him breaking into a building in Hurst Park.
