```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man has been arrested in Cambridge as part of a crackdown on street drug dealing, thanks to a call from a member of the public.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2019
title: Suspected Cambridge drug dealer arrested
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Suspected-Cambridge-drug-dealer-arrested
```

A man has been arrested in Cambridge as part of a crackdown on street drug dealing, thanks to a call from a member of the public.

Earlier this month officers in Cambridge launched the partnership initiative, under the force's Operation Raptor, to target those dealing and taking drugs on the city's streets.

As part of the operation officers are asking the public to report any suspicious activity or suspected drug dealing.

Last night a concerned resident called to report a man selling drugs near to the Blue Moon Pub in Norfolk Street.

Officers attended and searched he man who was arrested for possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

He was taken to Parkside Police Station and later released under investigation.

A police spokesperson said: "This arrest has come as a direct result of concerned residents calling to report drug dealing in the area. It really demonstrates the difference the public can make by reporting this kind of activity.

"We remain committed to tackling street based drug dealing in the city and would urge anyone with information about those responsible to get in touch."

Over coming weeks, officers will continue to carry out intelligence-led patrols and target activity in areas where there have been issues of drug dealing.

If you have information about drug-related activity in your area you can report it at https://www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report-Shared/Report-a-concern or via Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
