```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two men who were stopped by police after officers smelt cannabis coming from their car have been jailed.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2021
title: Cops sniff out drug dealers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cops-sniff-out-drug-dealers
```

Two men who were stopped by police after officers smelt cannabis coming from their car have been jailed.

Jordon New, 24, was driving the car and Joshua Houghton, 25, was a passenger when they were stopped by traffic officers in Peterborough on 8 April 2019.

Officers searched the men and the vehicle and discovered £3,525 in cash, a large quantity of cannabis, four capsules containing methylphenidate - otherwise known as fake cocaine - scales, two mobile phones and an electronic tablet device.

Data from both mobile phones was later downloaded and found to contain drug dealing references, while the drugs were found to have an estimated street value of more than £6,000.

Officers also conducted Section 18 searches at their homes and discovered further drugs and drug-related paraphernalia.

New, of Whitwell, Peterborough, and Houghton, of Paston Lane, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply cannabis and cocaine and being concerned in the supply of cannabis and cocaine.

They were sentenced to two and a half years in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (12 March).

DC Zoe Slater, who investigated, said: "This is an example of great work by officers whose keen sense of smell led them to the dealers.

"We can't be everywhere but we could be anywhere and we work tirelessly to take drugs off the county's streets.

"We rely on people in our communities being our eyes and ears. If you suspect something isn't right, it more than likely isn't."

For more information about drug dealing and how to report it, visit: https://bit.ly/3bFQdez

The force's new 'Stay In, Speak Out' campaign encourages residents, who are staying at home because of the Coronavirus pandemic, to report any concerns or suspicious behaviour in their community. You can contact police via the force's online web chat function here: https://bit.ly/3vsiYDw
