```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A carving fork and a large kitchen knife were among the items found on a man who had threatened a woman in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Carving fork and weapons found on man who threatened woman
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Lukasz-Ludziak-sentencing-Dec2020
```

A carving fork and a large kitchen knife were among the items found on a man who had threatened a woman in Peterborough.

The woman, who is in her 50s, left her home in the Newark area on 13 June when she passed 34-year-old Lukasz Ludziak who pointed at her and dragged his finger across his neck, insinuating he would slit the woman's throat.

Returning to her home a short while later she arrived to find police at her house following reports of criminal damage.

She told officers about the earlier incident where she felt intimidated by the man who gestured slitting his throat.

Ludziak was located nearby and found to be in possession of large kitchen knife, a Stanley knife and a carving fork.

He was arrested and later charged with threatening behaviour with intent to cause fear, two counts of possessing an offensive weapon in a public place, namely a non-serrated Stanley knife and a carving fork, and possessing a knife in a public place.

Ludziak, of no fixed address, admitted the offences and appeared at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (Tuesday 1 December) where he was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for two years.

He must complete a 25-day rehabilitation activity requirement (RAR) and has been made subject of a five-year restraining order prohibiting him from contacting the victim.

PC Ollie Plant said: "Ludziak's behaviour that day was incredibly concerning, thankfully we were able to intervene before anyone came to harm or weapons were used.

"I would urge anyone who knows someone who carries a knife or a weapon to do the responsible thing and report it to us."

Anyone with information about someone who carries a knife can report it to police online at https://bit.ly/3myWAmP.
