```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who stabbed his lovers\u2019 ex-partner 15 times has been convicted of murder."
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2020
title: "Man convicted of stabbing lovers\u2019 ex-partner"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-fishtail
```

A man who stabbed his lovers' ex-partner 15 times has been convicted of murder.

At the Old Bailey today (19 August) Robert Parkins was found guilty, by a unanimous jury, of the murder of 30-year-old Alex Fitzpatrick.

Parkins, 33, of Darrington Close, Eaton Socon was at his partner's home in Prince Close on 13 October last year when Mr Fitzpatrick arrived to drop off some glasses to his son.

Mr Fitzpatrick got into a disagreement with his son's mother who went back into the house and moments later Parkins came out holding a kitchen knife.

The pair argued and began fighting for a few minutes before Parkins ran away leaving Mr Fitzpatrick lying on the floor.

Emergency services were called but Mr Fitzpatrick was declared dead at the scene.

A post mortem examination revealed he suffered 15 stab wounds including to the chest and neck area as well as two incised slashed wounds.

Parkins ran to his sister's home and called for a lift to a property in Pymmes Brook House, London where he was later arrested by police.

Paying tribute to their son, parents Mary Reading and Dave Fitzpatrick said: "Alex was a loving and devoted father, son and brother to his eight siblings.

"He was always there for us and tried to better himself every day.

"After hearing the evidence and the injuries Alex sustained, today's result is such a relief for us all."

Detective Superintendent Michael Branston said: "This was a brutal, frenzied and sustained attack resulting in the death of a man whose son will now grow up without his father in his life.

"Our deepest sympathies go out to Alex's family. I hope today's verdict will provide them with some assistance as they learn to live with this tragedy."

Parkins will be sentenced on Monday (24 August) at the Old Bailey.
