```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar who targeted a tattoo parlour, locksmiths and a seaside fish and chip shop has been jailed for more than three years.
publish:
  date: 3 Feb 2021
title: Burglar targeted tattoo parlour, locksmiths and chip shop
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Robert-Fitzjohn-sentencing-Feb2021
```

A burglar who targeted a tattoo parlour, locksmiths and a seaside fish and chip shop has been jailed for more than three years.

Robert Fitzjohn, 41, was arrested on 23 October last year (2020) in connection with break-ins at the businesses in Fenland and Hunstanton.

In the early hours of 25 July, Fitzjohn forced open the front door of Grey Area Custom Tattoos in March High Street, and stole an iPhone 7, a safe containing £3,000 cash, £300 cash from the till and a CCTV hard-drive worth £3,700.

On 4 October, again in the early hours of the morning, Fitzjohn entered UK Signs Rapid Response Locksmiths in March High Street through the roof by sawing through joists, causing significant damage.

He searched through cupboards and drawers but was disturbed by the owner before being able to steal anything and fled, but left behind one of his gloves.

Moving out of the Fenland area, overnight between 10 and 11 October, Fitzjohn broke into Sally's Shack Fish and Chip Shop in Greevegate, Hunstanton.

He smashed a window after having attempted but failed to gain entry via metal shutters, causing more than £1,500 worth of damage to the shop and stealing a till worth £500.

DNA recovered from all three locations matched Fitzjohn who was arrested at his home in Deerfield Road in March, Fenland, on 23 October.

Fitzjohn admitted two charges of non-dwelling burglary including theft and non-dwelling burglary with intent to steal.

He appeared at Peterborough Crown Court today (Wednesday 3 February) where he was sentenced to three years and two months in prison.

PC Chris Dykstra said: "Fitzjohn caused significant disruption and financial loss to small business at a time when we know the economy is struggling due to the coronavirus pandemic.

"His actions were completely selfish and took no regard for the impact they would have on others' livelihoods."
