```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who printed out indecent images of children in a supermarket and displayed them on the wall of his lounge was arrested after paramedics were called out to his home.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2020
title: Paedophile caught by paramedics
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Paedophile-caught-by-paramedics
```

A man who printed out indecent images of children in a supermarket and displayed them on the wall of his lounge was arrested after paramedics were called out to his home.

Antonio Dimascio, 56, dialled 999 and asked for an ambulance on 7 December 2018 as he was experiencing pain in his leg.

When paramedics arrived, they noticed the pictures of young girls, some in provocative poses wearing underwear and others naked.

The paramedics took Dimascio to hospital for treatment, but also reported him to police.

Officers searched Dimascio's home in Arbury, Cambridge, where they seized the printed images, as well as a number of electrical devices.

Analysis of the devices revealed nine category C images of children, with A being the most severe, and another 67 which were not illegal but of a suggestive nature.

In police interview, Dimascio admitted printing some of the images at home and others at a self-service facility at a local supermarket. He said he did not believe what he had done was inappropriate, nor did he realise it was a criminal offence.

However, he later went on to admit a charge of making an indecent photograph of a child.

On Friday (13 November) at Cambridge Crown Court he was given an 18-month community order, a five-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order, placed on the Sex Offenders Register for five years and ordered to complete 30 days of rehabilitation activity requirement.

DC Anna Griffiths said: "It beggars belief that Dimascio didn't realise his behaviour was inappropriate or illegal. During interview he discussed the matter with officers and realised the errors of his ways.

"We are dedicated to protecting children in the county and that includes prosecuting people who view or download inappropriate content. Images of this nature depict horrendous abuse and exploitation of some of the most vulnerable in our society. We are committed to doing all we can to combat the issue."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to a child, can apply for disclosure information through Sarah's Law.
