```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A Peterborough burglar who was caught on CCTV using his victim\u2019s bank cards has been ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work."
publish:
  date: 19 Oct 2020
title: "Peterborough burglar caught after using victim\u2019s bank cards"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Marek-Holub-sentencing-Oct2020
```

A Peterborough burglar who was caught on CCTV using his victim's bank cards has been ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work.

Mark Holub, 21, was arrested on 28 May this year in connection with a burglary at a ground floor flat in Viersen Platz, Peterborough, in January.

The victim was alerted to the burglary after he received a text message from his bank querying activity on one of his cards. It was then that he realised his rucksack containing his wallet and other items had been stolen from his living room.

A CCTV appeal was published on social media which resulted in the offender being named as Holub who was arrested and charged with burglary and three counts of fraud by false representation, namely using stolen bank cards.

Holub, of Craig Street in Peterborough city centre, initially denied the offences but changed his plea as he was about to go to trial.

He appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (14 October) where he was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years. He must also carry out 200 hours of unpaid work.

DC Tessa Munro, from the Acquisitive Crime Team, said: "Burglary can have such a lasting impact on victims who are often left with a sense of invasion after someone has intruded their personal space.

"In order to have the best chance of protecting your home from burglars, I would urge members of the public to make themselves familiar with the various measures which can be put in place around their home, and always report suspicious activity to us."

Information and advice on how to best protected your home from burglars can be found on the force website here https://bit.ly/37sWBUC.
