```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A registered sex offender breached his notification requirements because he \u2018had a lot on\u2019 over Christmas."
publish:
  date: 18 Feb 2020
title: Registered sex offender jailed after breach
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/registered-sex-offenderjailed-after-breach
```

A registered sex offender breached his notification requirements because he 'had a lot on' over Christmas.

Adam Ullah, 36, formerly Abdul Hassan, legally changed his name on 20 December last year.

He also moved house on 9 December and opened two new bank accounts in July and October of last year.

He did not notify police of any of these changes which is a direct breach of the notification requirements that are in place as part of him being on the Sex Offenders Register.

Officers from the Public Protection Unit (PPU) arrested him on 10 January at his home in Eastfield Road, Peterborough.

In interview Ullah said he had forgotten to come in and notify police as he 'had a lot on' over the Christmas period.

Ullah pleaded guilty to three counts of failing to comply with his notification requirements at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (14 February) and was sentenced to six months in prison.

DS Paul Stimpson said: "This was a clear breach of his notification requirements which are in place to protect children and also prevent him from reoffending."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found on the force website.
