```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A driver who left a motorcyclist with a life-changing injury after attempting to overtake three vehicles has been given a suspended prison sentence.
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2018
title: Suspended sentence for dangerous driver
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Suspended-sentence-dangerous-driver
```

A driver who left a motorcyclist with a life-changing injury after attempting to overtake three vehicles has been given a suspended prison sentence.

Denas Sudeikas, 24, was driving on the A16 between Peterborough and Crowland on 27 October last year when the crash took place.

Shortly before 5pm Sudeikas attempted to overtake three other vehicles in his car, an Audi A4, and was following another driver doing the same.

The driver in front was able to safely return to the left lane, but Sudeikas failed to see a motorcyclist coming in the opposite direction.

The crash resulted in the motorcyclist receiving a life-changing injury, multiple fractures and a dislocated shoulder, Peterborough Crown Court heard.

Sudeikas, of Duke Street in Peterborough, provided negative test results for both alcohol and drugs at the scene.

He was charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving, to which he pleaded guilty.

At Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (7 September), Sudeikas received a 12 month prison sentence, suspended for two years.

He was also disqualified from driving for three years, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay court costs of £500.

PC Christopher Euerby, from the road policing unit, said: "Sudeikas showed no regard for other road users that day. This was a dangerous piece of driving and the outcome could have been much worse."
