```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A teenager has been ordered to complete rehabilitation after stabbing a man in Dogsthorpe earlier this year.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Teenager sentenced to rehab after Dogsthorpe stabbing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Joshua-Chapman-sentencing-Oct2020
```

A teenager has been ordered to complete rehabilitation after stabbing a man in Dogsthorpe earlier this year.

Joshua Chapman, now 18, was 17-years-old when he was arrested in May after a man was stabbed in Elmfield Road.

On 6 May, the 20-year-old victim suffered serious injuries as a result of a single stab wound to his torso, however he has since made a full recovery.

Chapman, of Chestnut Avenue in Dogsthorpe, was charged with causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent, as well as being in possession of cannabis.

He appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (15 October) where he was sentenced to a two-year youth rehabilitation order and must complete 150 hours of unpaid work.

DC Vicky Speirs said: "It is believed a drug deal was taking place when the victim was stabbed. Sadly, drug dealing and violence often go hand-in-hand which is why we dedicate so much of our time to tackling it, working with young people and schools to educate and prevent it, but also bringing those responsible for such crimes to justice.

"Thankfully no lives were lost this day, but we know from other experiences this could have easily been a very different outcome and as a result of his actions, Chapman could have been a young man serving time for murder."

A 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons (16 at point of arrest and charge), was also charged with causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent. He pleaded guilty and is awaiting sentencing.

Four other arrests were also made in connection with the stabbing; an 18-year-old man, a 15-year-old girl, a 16-year-old boy and a 47-year-old woman. All four have since been released with no further action.
