```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two officers who confronted and detained a man wielding a knife in Peterborough have been nominated for a prestigious Police Bravery Award.
publish:
  date: 18 Jul 2019
title: Officers nominated for national bravery award
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Officers-nominated-for-national-bravery-award
```

Two officers who confronted and detained a man wielding a knife in Peterborough have been nominated for a prestigious Police Bravery Award.

PCs Jess Farchica and Natalie Hines have been nominated as part of the 24th Police Bravery Awards in London.

The awards, which take place later today (18 July), are held by the Police Federation of England and Wales and sponsored by Police Mutual to recognise officers who perform outstanding acts of bravery while on or off duty.

In January 2018 PCs Hines and Farchica went to complete a welfare check on a man who was thought to be suicidal in Peterborough. Whilst on their way, they were told the man was wanted for kidnap, so after completing their check he was arrested. He immediately became aggressive and threatening towards both officers.

The man pushed PC Farchica away and grabbed PC Hines by her uniform, before punching her several times. He grabbed a 12-inch knife, despite Pava spray being used and ran towards PC Farchica, pinning her against the back door and raising the knife to her face. PC Hines ran to the front door and pressed her emergency button, while PC Farchica appealed to the man who continued to shout in her face with the knife raised towards her.

The man ran with the knife towards PC Hines who was trapped in the house as the doors were locked. PC Farchica, now free of his grip, deployed Taser to incapacitate him. PC Hines moved in and handcuffed him, before colleagues arrived to help.

Chief Constable Nick Dean said: "It is going to be a real privilege to attend the ceremony as the Chief Constable of Cambridgeshire.

"Jess and Natalie demonstrate the bravery and commitment all officers and staff across Cambridgeshire show day in day out.

"Their actions in particular show the highest level of bravery and I am proud to have such officers as part of my organisation."

Liz Groom, Chair of Cambridgeshire Police Federation, said: "The bravery and professionalism shown by PCs Farchica and Hines went above and beyond the normal call of duty. They showed exceptional bravery in incredibly dangerous circumstances. I am extremely proud of them, and delighted they are our nominees for this year's awards."

John Perks, Chief Executive Officer of Police Mutual, said: "Police Mutual is very proud to be supporting the Police Bravery Awards for the 11th consecutive year.

"To all of you who have been nominated, be rightly proud of yourselves and your achievements. When it mattered most, you stepped up. You proved that your commitment to keeping the public safe did not waver, even when tested in the most trying of circumstances. At Police Mutual, my colleagues and I are deeply honoured to be able to show our appreciation for your bravery in keeping us safe. We hope that we can continue to play our part in helping improve the lives of the police family."
