```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who burgled a property in Peterborough armed with acid and a metal bar has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2018
title: Acid attack burglar jailed for 14 years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Acid-attack-burglar-jailed
```

A man who burgled a property in Peterborough armed with acid and a metal bar has been jailed.

Nico White-Channer, 27, and two other men burst into the property in Ashville Road at about 2.30am on 9 May last year.

Acid was thrown at two of the occupants and another was assaulted, before the men demanded money. The three victims were men in their 20s.

One of the victims jumped out of the first floor window to get away while White-Channer and his accomplices searched the property.

They fled the scene after stealing two bicycles, a games console and a bag containing a mobile phone and set of keys to a vehicle.

The acid burnt through two of the victim's clothes and onto their skin, causing serious injuries to their arms and legs that required specialist treatment and skin grafts.

White-Channer's DNA was found on a cigarette butt outside the property. When he was arrested three days later he was in possession of the stolen mobile phone.

Damian Rutterford, 20, who drove White-Channer and the other two men to the property was charged with burglary.

Both men were sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court today (10 August) having previous pleaded guilty.

White-Channer, of Carisbrook Road, Mitcham, London, was sentenced to 14 years and eight months for aggravated burglary.

Rutterford, of Church Gate, Deeping St James, was jailed for two years and six months.

Photo: Nico White-Channer Photo: Damian Rutterford

Earlier this year a third man, a 21-year-old man from Peterborough, pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods after he was found in possession of the keys that were in the bag. He was given an 11-month suspended sentence.

Detective Constable Fran Scott said: "This incident has had a significant physical and psychological impact on the victims.

"This is the first case that I'm aware of involving acid in Peterborough. Thankfully incidents of this nature are incredibly rare, but we will not tolerate such acts in our county.

"Tackling burglary is priority for the constabulary and we're working hard to bring offenders before the courts."
