```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who hid more than \xA32,800 of drugs in his bottom after a tip off from an associate has been convicted."
publish:
  date: 30 Jul 2020
title: "Man hid \xA32,800 of drugs in his bottom"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/marks-wail-drugs
```

A man who hid more than £2,800 of drugs in his bottom after a tip off from an associate has been convicted.

When Michael Marks, 55, saw police in February he darted into a shop in Barnwell Road, Cambridge to phone home and warn his girlfriend and associate that police might search his home.

Officers caught up with Marks and after finding class A wraps in his pockets, they made their way to his home in Jack Warren Green.

Inside they found Tariq Al-Wail with almost £200 as well as mobile phones, scales and other drugs paraphernalia in the property.

The 19-year-old, of no fixed abode, later produced 24 wraps of crack cocaine and two wraps of heroin from his bottom worth about £580\. While on remand he then produced a further package weighing 23 grammes worth about £2,300.

At Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (24 July), Marks was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for two years after previously pleading guilty to two counts of possession of cocaine and heroin and permitting the supply of class A drugs.

He must carry out 150 hours unpaid work and a six-month drug rehabilitation requirement.

Al-Wail, who had pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, was sentenced to 20 months in prison suspended for two years. He must also carry out 150 hours unpaid work and 40 days rehabilitation requirement.

PC Ross Spalthoff said: "There is nowhere to hide in this county for drug dealers and those who seek to exploit the vulnerabilities of others."

Report suspected drug dealing in your area online.
