```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed for soliciting to murder her ex-husband.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2020
title: Woman jailed for soliciting to murder her ex
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/victoria-breeden
```

A woman has been jailed for soliciting to murder her ex-husband.

At Chelmsford Crown Court today (31 July) Victoria Breeden, 39, of Black Horse Drove, Littleport was sentenced to nine and a half-years after previously being found guilty of three counts of soliciting to murder Rob Parkes.

The case was brought to the attention of Cambridgeshire Police in November last year when Breeden's most current former partner, Graham Wall, approached officers with a 24 minute recording.

Mr Wall feared Breeden was having an affair and hid his phone in a cupboard under the stairs of her home to see what she was up to.

When he retrieved it the next day (3 October) he listened to the recording of Breeden and another man, Earl Gernon, talking about how easy it would be to 'make someone disappear'.

The recording heard talk of the different ways her ex-husband, Rob Parkes, could be murdered or seriously injured, and that it would cost between £10 and £15,000 for a 'see you later'.

Breeden was initially charged with conspiracy to murder but further investigation revealed it wasn't the first time she had made these enquiries and requests for help.

During a trial in March, Breeden was found guilty of persuading Hamish Lowry-Martin to murder Mr Parkes between 1 January 2014 and 31 December 2014.

She was also found guilty of persuading Graham Wall to kill him between 19 October 2018 and 3 October 2019 and persuading Earl Gernon to murder him on 2 October 2019.

Breeden was found not guilty of persuading Daniel Proctor to kill him between 1 November and 1 June 2016.

She gave no evidence in court.

Detective Inspector Mike Barnshaw said: "This was a five month long investigation into Breeden's repeated solicitations of men to kill her ex-husband over a number of years.

"Breeden's behaviour was calculating, targeted, persistent and dangerous. It was motivated by her hatred of Mr Parkes and a jury have convicted her on three counts.

"The sentence reflects the gravity of the evidence that highlights Breeden's persistent behaviour and repeated attempts to have Mr Parkes killed.

"This conviction will hopefully give some peace of mine to the victim and takes a dangerous individual off the streets of Cambridgeshire."

He added: "I hope this shows that Cambridgeshire Police, irrespective of who is involved, take all matters of domestic abuse seriously and I would encourage anyone suffering to contact us and be assured that we will help."
