```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man punched his partner in the face, causing her to fall and cut her head open on a radiator.
publish:
  date: 2 Mar 2021
title: Man punched partner and smashed her phone
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-punched-partner-and-smashed-her-phone
```

A man punched his partner in the face, causing her to fall and cut her head open on a radiator.

Kenny Stapleton, 54, was with his partner at their home in Peterborough on 14 November when neighbours called the police after hearing shouting and banging.

When officers arrived, they discovered the victim had blood dripping from the back of her head and her nose. They also discovered her phone had been smashed.

The victim told police she and Stapleton had been arguing when he pushed her into the bath and deliberately smashed her phone.

She managed to get away from him but he followed her downstairs and punched her in the face, which caused her to fall back and hit her head on the radiator. The victim had to go to hospital and the wound required five sutures.

Stapleton, of Tyesdale, Bretton, Peterborough, later pleaded guilty to ABH and was handed a 30-month community order at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (25 February). He was also ordered to complete 80 hours of unpaid work.

PC Lauren Clark, who investigated, said: "Stapleton appears to have completely lost control and caused a great deal of stress and pain to his victim, who also suffered a nasty injury.

"I am glad we have been able to get a result today and hope this brings some comfort to the victim.

"Tackling domestic abuse of all kinds and safeguarding victims is one of our main priorities and we will continue to work night and day to bring perpetrators to justice."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit https://bit.ly/3pVYsah
