```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order encompassing the majority of Peterborough will be in place this weekend in a bid to reduce crime and disorder.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2020
title: Dispersal order in Peterborough ahead of planned car meets
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Peterborough-dispersal-order-14August2020
```

A dispersal order encompassing the majority of Peterborough will be in place this weekend in a bid to reduce crime and disorder.

The measure has been taken by local neighbourhood policing teams in response to information and recent events of car meets and anti-social driving.

The order will be in place between 6pm today (Friday 14 August) and 6am on Sunday (16 August).

Inspector Karl Secker, from the Peterborough Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "There have been more than 50 reports of drifting and car cruise issues in Peterborough since 1 January this year and we are aware this is a major concern of residents over public safety, anti-social behaviour (ASB) and criminal issues.

"The issues surround the loud music, cars shutting down roads, both the noise and dangerous driving from drifting, ASB which sometimes occurs at these events and the general litter and damage to the environment which often follows such a meeting."

The order has been granted under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, and allows for Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and police officers to direct a person to leave the area specified within the order if they have reasonable grounds to suspect their behaviour has caused, or is likely to cause, harassment, alarm or distress to members of the public. Failure to comply with the order can result in arrest.

Inspector Secker added: "We have put this dispersal order on to provide officers with extra powers to deal with those breaking the law and causing ASB, whilst allowing those partaking in these events and abiding by the law to do so without fear of action being taken against them.

"The authority enables us to seize vehicles as well as ban people from the city of Peterborough for up to 48 hours if they are causing or are likely to cause any issues.

"We are working with organisers, the local authority and other partners to make these events as safe and crime-free as possible."

The area covered by the order is the entirety of Peterborough City encompassed by the Paston Parkway, Werrington Parkway, Hurn Road, Woodcroft Road, Castor Road, Marholm Road, Soke Parkway, River Nene, Nene Valley Railway Line, Great North Road (Water Newton Bypass), A1, A1(M) Great North Road, London Road, Broadway (Yaxley), Peterborough Road (Farcet), Stanground Bypass, Toll Road, City of Peterborough Boundary to River Nene, Northey Road, Pearces Road, Eyebury Road, Crowland Road, A47, A47 Eye Road and back onto the Paston Parkway.
