```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The Constabulary
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2019
title: Victim support praised in HMICFRS report
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-praised-poor-relation-report
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary's victim support service has been praised by inspectors in a new report.

The report - The poor relation, The police and CPS response to crimes against older people - praised the work of The Victim and Witness Hub who talk to victims about the impact of crime on them, and offer emotional and practical support based on their needs.

It also said allocating a support worker to look after the victim when they go to court 'provides continuity, is more streamlined and works well for victims' and that more forces could learn from the Constabulary's joined up approach to working with victims and witnesses.

The force was one of six to be inspected by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) and Her Majesty's Crown Prosecution Service Inspectorate (HMCPSI).

The report added that workers have a good idea about what has happened to the victim so don't have a need to ask more detailed questions, which may make them feel uncomfortable.

Chief Constable Nick Dean said: "I'm pleased to see inspectors recognising the work we are doing to ensure victims and witnesses are at the heart of our service. The Victim and Witness Hub is part of the force's wider priorities to protect those most at risk.

"Being recognised by HMICFRS as demonstrating good practice is excellent, and we remain committed to supporting elderly victims of crime."

The Cambridgeshire Bobby scheme also received praise in the report. The service, which has been running for more than 18 years and has helped more than 46,000 victims, was also mentioned for providing crime prevention advice as well as practical support such as installing door locks and chains for the over 60s.

Read the full report here.
