```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Officers, staff and members of the public were praised
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: Extraordinary stories heard at awards ceremony
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/chiefs-commendations-dec-2020
```

Convicting a dangerous domestic abuser, saving a young boy from a river and disrupting drugs gangs were just some of the acts praised at a force ceremony.

The Chief Constable's Commendations and Long Service Ceremony took place yesterday afternoon (2 December), with awards going to those who had gone above and beyond.

In a break from tradition due to Covid-19, the ceremony was held virtually but Chief Constable Nick Dean was still able to praise officers, staff and members of the public who had excelled.

### 'Stories of outstanding bravery, compassion and kindness'

He said: "This award ceremony is like no other we have ever held, in circumstances we have never seen, but it is extremely important that we continue to celebrate the great work you do on a daily basis, the achievements you have accomplished and the dedication you have shown to keeping people safe.

"These presentations are about celebrating the loyalty and dedication you have given to the organisation. Going that extra mile is something I, and indeed you, should be enormously proud of.

"My thanks also go to your family and friends who have supported you as you do great work for the people of Cambridgeshire - something which is often overlooked.

"I am always amazed by the stories of outstanding bravery, compassion and kindness towards those in need, how you put your own lives at risk and how you have gone above and beyond for the people of Cambridgeshire - so to each and every one of you, I say thank you."

The Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal was awarded to officers who had served 20 years or more within the force. Officers awarded the medal included Det Sgt Paul Harris, Detective Superintendent Jon Hutchinson, Sgt Kevin Misik and Inspector Nik Percival among others.

Three police staff members, including Joanne Newman, received a police staff long service award for working at the force for more than 20 years.

Members of the Special Constabulary were praised too and awarded a Special Constabulary Long Service Medal.

Those thanked included Assistant Chief Officer Stuart Anderson who has served as a Special for 40 years, alongside Special Constables David Davies, Mark Gilibrand, Adam Barnwell for nine years' service and Special Constable Lee Leney for 15 years' service.

 * DC Jo Nicholson was commended for investigative work which helped convict a dangerous domestic abuser. Years of physical and sexual abuse ended in the man raping and attempting to strangle his partner. Jo secured enough evidence to ensure the man was charged and he was jailed for 10 years back in August.

 * Detective Inspector Jo Crisall, Sgt Alice Draper, Sgt Paul Street, De Sgt Michael Basford, PCs Josh Williams, Luke Charlton and two other officers were all praised for investigating organised crime groups (OCGs) in the south of the county. In the first seven months of this year the team was involved in 88 OCG 'disruptions' - including tackling a gang of dangerous drug dealers in St Ives. During one warrant the team recovered just under a kilo of cocaine and more than £90k in cash.

 * Det Sgt Andrew Gaunt-Warner, DC Tor Sayer, DC Lee Crane and police staff member Dan Stewart were thanked for finding seven high risk missing people and arresting 38 suspects over the past year. The team also built positive relationships with hard-to-reach communities, which resulted in a shooting victim being identified and safeguarded.

 * PC Adam Strong, PC Jack Phillips and two other officers were commended for saving a suicidal man's life after finding him unconscious and performing CPR.

 * Sgt Darren Gore, PCs Jamie Cole, Mike Froment, Megan Thrasher, Rosie Wilkes and three other officers were thanked for saving another man's life in July, in a similar situation to the above.

 * Two officers, together with Inspector Ed McNeill, were praised for their roles in a 38-day investigation into a missing man in St Neots. The officers used new technology, worked with partners and challenged conventional thinking to reduce the search area and recover the man's body.

 * Acting Sergeant Jamie Cooper and PC Lee Sustins were commended for saving the life of a man suffering a severe mental health crisis at his home in Wisbech back in June.

 * PC Mark Lappin and another officer from the BCH Roads Policing Unit received a Royal Humane Society award for saving a woman's life after she was found in the live lane of the M11 in November last year.

 * Two members of the public, Adrian and Christopher Moulding, were also given a Royal Humane Society award. Armed with household tools, the pair rushed to the aid of a man and his nine-year-old son who had been involved in a collision near their house in Whittlesey Road, Benwick, in February. They saved the boy's life by rescuing him from the car, which was submerged upside down in the river.
