```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A couple have been jailed for assaulting and neglecting their three children.
publish:
  date: 29 May 2019
title: Parents jailed for child neglect
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/parents-jailed-for-child-neglect
```

The man and woman, both in their early 30s and from West Wratting, Cambridgeshire, admitted three counts of child neglect and were each jailed for 12 months at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (24 May).

The court heard concerns were first raised in June 2017 after the children, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, told another adult what was happening at home.

They told police they had had objects thrown at them including a stereo and a plastic bat, had their hair pulled, and been pushed and slapped.

Occasionally the couple left their children outside in the cold, late at night, as punishment for misbehaving.

The three children are now in social care.

Detective Constable Jen Rouse said: "This couple subjected their children to things no child should have to experience. Thankfully, the children found the courage to tell someone about what was happening and are now safe and doing well.

"I would encourage anyone who suspects offences have been, or are being committed, against children to report their concerns to police, Children's Social Services or the NSPCC. We all have a duty to report child abuse."

If you think a child is in immediate danger call police on 999. If you're worried about a child, but unsure call police on 101 or the _NSPCC_ on 0808 800 5000.
