```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: This Christmas there will be children in Fenland who wake up and have no presents to open.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2019
title: Help us support children this Christmas
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/help-us-support-children-this-christmas
```

This Christmas there will be children in Fenland who wake up and have no presents to open.

After the success of last year's appeal, local officers have teamed up with Fenland social services' children's teams to help make sure as many children as possible in the Fenland area receive a present from Santa this Christmas.

Inspector Ian Lombardo said: "The sad truth is due to a variety of reasons there are children who will wake up on Christmas day with nothing to open. Therefore, on behalf of my team, I would like to ask the Fenland community for their help to make sure this does not happen.

"Social services work hard to try to provide a gift to the children they work with but this won't be possible without your help."

So Fenland, can you help? Donations for gifts can be dropped in to either Wisbech or March police stations between Monday 18 November and Monday 16 December.

The age ranges being asked for donations are:

 * 0 to 2 years
 * 2 to 5 years
 * 5 to 10 years
 * 11+ years

Gifts could include toys, puzzles, games, colouring equipment and for older children you could consider shower sets, nail polishes, hair care and toiletries or sports equipment such as footballs.

Inspector Lombardo said: "If you are able and willing to donate a gift it may be the only one that a local child receives this year. We ask that any donations are not wrapped and are either new or of very good condition"

"I was completely overwhelmed by the generosity shown last year by the Fenland community. Your donations will go directly to children in the local area and make it a special Christmas for everyone."
