```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a series of car thefts in Orton are appealing for information from the public.
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following car theft series in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Op-Chartwell-vehicle-thefts
```

Detectives investigating a series of car thefts in Orton are appealing for information from the public.

The series began when a white Jaguar XE was stolen, along with a purse, from a property in Hetley Drive between 11pm on 26 September and 6am on 27 September.

A couple of days later on 30 September at about 10.30pm, suspects entered an unlocked property in Stagsden, Orton Goldhay, and stole a purse and passport.

On 4 October there were a further two vehicles stolen, one in Denmark Drive, Orton Waterville, between 12.30am and 4am, where the house was entered via the back doors and keys and a Grey Toyota CHR were stolen.

The thieves entered another property in the same street between 2.30am and 4am and stole keys and a blue Land Rover Discovery.

Officers believe this series of thefts is linked to a couple of incidents earlier this year where a Peugeot 308 and a bicycle were stolen from different properties in the same area. The Peugeot 308 was recently recovered having been involved in a police pursuit where offenders made off on foot.

PC Craig Trevor said: "This is a developing series and we advise residents to take extra precautions to ensure their homes and vehicles are safe such as double checking doors and windows are locked, and keys being kept out of sight.

"We believe these thefts are linked and we're urging anyone with information, or who has noticed suspicious behaviour in the Orton area over the last couple of weeks to contact us.

"I would also like to highlight the importance of sharing CCTV footage with us, we know social media can be a good place to share it with your neighbours and local community, however this could be vital evidence which we are missing."

Anyone with information regarding any of these incidents should contact police using our online web-chat or on 101 quoting crime reference number 35/65659/20 or by visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Information on how to best protect your vehicle from thieves can be found on the force website here https://bit.ly/3iTfeDw.
