```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Little things - big difference; that\u2019s the motto of Crime Reduction Officer Sue Loaker."
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2019
title: Little things - big difference
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Little-things-big-difference
```

Little things - big difference; that's the motto of Crime Reduction Officer Sue Loaker.

Based at Ely Police Station, Sue's day-to-day job includes speaking with victims of crime, protecting the vulnerable and raising awareness of crimes such as fraud.

However in 2016 a 12-year-old girl who had twice been caught skipping school to steal toiletries and underwear got Sue thinking about what sets people on a path of crime.

Sue explains: "It was obvious to see the girl wasn't getting the support or advice she needed from her family and thought she had no other option than to turn to crime, which was heart-breaking to see. s

"I did a little bit of digging and found there was nowhere for people to get basic personal hygiene products if for whatever reason they couldn't access them, so I came up with Essentials by Sue."

Essentials by Sue is a discreet service which is funded entirely by donations from the public and means people are able to access personal hygiene products like shower gel, shampoo, deodorant, sanitary products, razors, toothbrushes and toothpaste.

Originally launched in East Cambridgeshire, the project has gone from strength to strength and has now funded outlets across the county, most recently opening one at Sawtry Library.

Caring Together, a charity dedicated to supporting family carers, recently praised the scheme when Sue funded children's underwear, as well as a box of goodies, for a family they were working with after struggling for donations.

"Personal hygiene products and underwear are necessities for everyone yet rarely donated." Sue said.

"These are all items most of us likely take for granted but unfortunately in some cases people don't have access to them."

"There are 20 Essentials by Sue outlets spanning schools, youth clubs, food banks and libraries throughout the county where people can come to discreetly ask for whichever products they need.

"If there's something a person needs which isn't at one of our outlets I would encourage them to reach out to me directly as we can buy them and make sure it finds its way to you."

On Friday, 6 December, the National Citizens Service (NCS) launched a short video to promote the scheme after Sue gave a presentation explaining Essentials by Sue and the benefits it's had on people across the county. The video is available to view here.

Donations can come in the form of products, provided they are new, clean and good quality, or a financial contribution which will then be put towards buying more stock.

If you would like to support the scheme by way of donations, you can contact Sue at Sue.Loaker@Cambs.pnn.police.uk.

Outlets for the project include:

 * Witchford Village College
 * Ely College
 * Soham Village College
 * Littleport Academy
 * Highfield Ely
 * Highfield Littleport
 * Ely Young People Project
 * The Port Youth Club Littleport
 * Floating Support Ely
 * Cambs Fire breakers
 * Ely foodbank
 * Haddenham foodbank
 * Soham foodbank
 * Littleport foodbank
 * Noble house (social services)
 * Huntingdon Library
 * Sawtry Library
 * Farcet Library
 * Yaxley Library
 * Chatteris College Library
