```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A woman was forced to flee her home through a window in a desperate bid to escape harassment from her ex-partner.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2019
title: Man jailed for breaching restraining order
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-breaching-restraining-order-1
```

A woman was forced to flee her home through a window in a desperate bid to escape harassment from her ex-partner.

Matthew Woodward, 32, breached an existing restraining order when he stayed at the victim's Huntingdon home in June.

The victim called her step-mother following an argument with Woodward on 18 June to say she was locked in the house with him and was scared to get the keys.

In a bid to escape, she climbed out through a window and sought refuge at her step-mother's house.

Twenty minutes later Woodward turned up at the step-mother's house, kicked the door and demanded to speak to the victim.

The victim hid in the bathroom while her step-mother called police, who arrived at the scene shortly afterwards.

Woodward, who was serving a suspended sentence for battery at the time of the incident, was later arrested and admitted breaching a restraining order.

He was sentenced to 36 weeks imprisonment yesterday at Cambridge Crown Court.

DC Luke Pedlar said: "Nobody should have to fear for their own safety at home.

"I hope this sentence gives Woodward a wake-up call and gives the victim the space she needs to get on with her life.

"It takes a lot of courage to come forward and report domestic abuse and I applaud the bravery of the victim and quick thinking actions of her step-mother for reporting this incident to officers."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse
