```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who planted a listening device in his ex-partner
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Man jailed after planting listening device in ex-partner's home
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-after-planting-listening-device-in-ex-partners-home
```

A man who planted a listening device in his ex-partner's home before withdrawing hundreds of pounds worth of cash from her bank account has been jailed.

Pawel Paczynski, 46, broke up with his partner of 13 years in January 2018.

On 2 May last year, at about 8am, his ex-partner, a woman in her 30s, left her home in Peterborough to go to work. However, at 11.30am, she received a message from the bank to say money had been withdrawn using her credit card.

The victim phoned the bank who confirmed £500 had been withdrawn and further attempts had also been made.

Knowing she kept the credit card in a particular drawer at her house, the victim travelled home to check if it had been stolen.

When she got to her house, the victim saw no signs of forced entry but when she checked in the drawer, the card was gone.

It was then she noticed other items around the house had been moved, including an extension lead which had been replaced.

At this point, the victim contacted police and scenes of crime officers attended the property.

A search of the premises found a listening device had been planted within the extension lead with a sim card attached.

The victim told officers that only Paczynski knew her credit card pin and would have access to her home via their child's set of keys.

The following day when officers attended Paczynski's home to arrest him, he was found in possession of cocaine. A search of his home and car also found cannabis, a number of fake ID cards and a can of pepper spray that Paczynski later claimed he found on the street and picked up to prevent it harming anyone else.

Further inquiries also established that a mobile phone registered in Paczynski's name had been in communication with the sim card that was attached to the listening device found in the victim's home.

Paczynski, of Saltmarsh, Orton Malborne, denied charges of possession of identity documents with intent, fraud by false representation, possession of a weapon for the discharge of a noxious liquid, possession of class A and B drugs and two counts of burglary, but was found guilty following a trial.

He was sentenced to three years in prison at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (30 September).

DC Thomas Adams said: "Paczynski broke into this woman's home and planted a listening device in an attempt to keep tabs on her.

"Thankfully the victim contacted us right away and we were able to quickly expose Paczynski's concerning and violating plan.

"I would like to commend the victim for getting in touch with us and I hope the sentencing gives her some measure of comfort knowing he will spend time behind bars."
