```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dealer of heroin and crack cocaine in Peterborough has been jailed for four years after a call about a suspected drug deal from a member of the public.
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2020
title: Heroin and crack dealer in Peterborough jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Imran-Ali-sentencing-Oct2020
```

A dealer of heroin and crack cocaine in Peterborough has been jailed for four years after a call about a suspected drug deal from a member of the public.

Imran Ali, 35, was arrested in Saville Road park near HMP Peterborough on 21 July after a concerned member of the public called police to report suspicious activity.

Ali was found to be in possession of £368 in cash and four wraps of class A drugs, however a further search in custody revealed a package concealed in his trouser leg containing 112 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin worth more than £1,000.

He was charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, both heroin and crack cocaine, and was remanded to appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court.

Ali, of no fixed address, initially denied the offences but changed his plea at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday, 13 October.

He was sentenced to a total of four years in prison; three years for the current offences, with a previous 12-month suspended sentence issued in April this year for burglary, theft and drug possession added.

DC Jenny Blunt said: "Thanks to a call from an eagle-eyed member of the public who was looking out for their community, we have managed to put a Peterborough drug dealer behind bars for a significant amount of time.

"As demonstrated in this case, information from the public can play a vital role in our fight against crime, therefore I would urge anyone with information or suspicions about drug dealing to report it to us so we can act on it."

Anyone with information about drug dealing can report it online at https://bit.ly/312oE9r. Alternatively, contact the independent charity, Crimestoppers, anonymously either online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling 0800 555 111.
