```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A registered sex offender from Peterborough has been jailed for six months after breaching a court order.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2020
title: Registered sex offender jailed for six months
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Kirisin-Simarlin-sentencing
```

A registered sex offender from Peterborough has been jailed for six months after breaching a court order.

Kirisin Simarlin, 35, was arrested on 4 August this year after police suspected him of breaching a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) he was subject of.

He was placed on the sex offenders register in 2013 as a result of convictions for sexual offences against a child, including rape.

As part of their work to manage sex offenders, officers from the northern Public Protection Unit (PPU) found that Simarlin had stayed overnight at the home address of another registered sex offender.

While at the address he took the SIM card out of his own mobile phone and placed it in the phone of his acquaintance in order to access the internet.

He failed to notify police of this, even when asked what other devices he had used to access the internet - both breaches of his SHPO.

The day after his arrest he was charged breaching a SHPO by using an internet enabled device belonging to another person, using his SIM card, and not informing police.

DC Natalie Hebdon, from the northern Public Protection Unit, said: "This result is exactly the reason why our team exists - to monitor sex offenders who pose a risk to our communities and put them before the courts where they breach any conditions placed upon them."

Simarlin, of no fixed address, appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (9 October) after admitting the offence, and was sentenced to six months in prison.
