```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary gave 17 new recruits a warm welcome at a passing out parade today (3 September).
publish:
  date: 3 Sep 2019
title: Force welcomes new recruits
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-welcomes-new-recruits
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary gave 17 new recruits a warm welcome at a passing out parade today (3 September).

The force's newest members marched in front of proud family and friends and were congratulated by Chief Constable Nick Dean at force headquarters in Huntingdon.

Having successfully completed 16 weeks of training, the officers will now be posted across the county to police the streets of Cambridgeshire and keep the public safe.

The force continues to recruit for new police constables and people are invited to apply via the force website. __

Mr Dean told the new recruits: "You have pledged to act with fairness, integrity, diligence and impartiality. These values should run through the core of everything you do, both inside and outside of work.

"You have all joined with different experiences, different skills, ideas and approaches. We have employed you for what you bring to the constabulary. Diversity of thought, ideas and experience enriches our policing family and supports the communities it serves. Just as you will learn from your colleagues, we will also learn from you. Learning never stops.

"Being a police officer is not just about holding a warrant card, it's a vocation which you must now undertake.

"Never lose sight of the varied, exciting, enjoyable and challenging career that you have just entered. You are now in a position to make a difference and my strong advice to you is to go and do just that.

"Well done for graduating. Work hard, enjoy yourself, challenge yourself and become the best officer you can be. Welcome, once again, to Cambridgeshire Constabulary."
