```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Petro Bartkus and Yuriy Batyuk used the cards between March and June 2015
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2019
title: Fraudsters who used stolen credit cards sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fraudsters-bank-cards-peterborough
```

Two fraudsters who used stolen credit cards to pay for groceries, fuel and scratchcards avoided detection because the cards were 'incorrectly programmed', a court heard.

Petro Bartkus, of Elborne Way, Peterborough, and Yuriy Batyuk, of Monument Street, Peterborough, used the cards between March and June 2015, although there were also some transactions made in early 2016.

Police in the UK were notified by the card provider that cards reported stolen in Moscow in March 2015 were being used to purchase goods and services up to £30 at a time through the cards' contactless system.

The bank advised the cards were incorrectly programmed, in that the user was not prompted to enter a PIN after a predetermined number of transactions, allowing them to continually use them for contactless payment.

Police enquiries in Peterborough revealed two men were using the cards and had also been caught on CCTV, Peterborough Crown Court heard.

Bartkus and Batyuk used the cards' contactless function at Co-op stores in Peterborough and Market Deeping to pay for fuel, groceries and scratchcards.

The cards were also used at the car wash Batyuk was linked to and the tyre firm Bartkus was associated with.

Batyuk, 34, was seen to drive a Volkswagen Phaeton and Bartkus was seen in a BMW X5.

Receipts obtained from the Co-op stores showed the cards being used at the same time the two men were caught on CCTV.

Warrants were carried out at the defendants' homes and both were arrested. At Batyuk's home, the Volkswagen vehicle caught on CCTV was parked outside and receipts were found which provided evidence he had used the stolen cards.

When police searched the address of Bartkus, 36, they found a large amount of cash which is believed to have been the winnings from various scratchcard purchases.

When Bartkus was asked if he knew where the stolen cards were, he went to his wallet and produced one of them.

At Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (27 February), Batyuk pleaded guilty to 15 counts of fraud.

Bartkus pleaded guilty to 15 counts of fraud, and one count of possession of an article for use in fraud.

Both men were sentenced on the same day, where they were both handed 10 months in prison, suspended for two years.

Bartkus and Batyuk were both ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work and pay £465 in court costs.

Robert Sheldon, of the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU), said: "This was a complex investigation but thanks to CCTV and receipts from the businesses where the cards were used, both defendants were linked to the cards.

"Bartkus and Batyuk showed a complete lack of regard for anyone else when they used the stolen cards for their own gain."

You can find more of the latest court reports, witness appeals and news on the news and appeals page.
