```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two friends savagely beat a man in a Peterborough street and then repeatedly punched and stamped on him as he lay motionless on the ground.
publish:
  date: 19 Feb 2021
title: Friends savagely beat man in street
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Friends-savagely-beat-man-in-street
```

Two friends savagely beat a man in a Peterborough street and then repeatedly punched and stamped on him as he lay motionless on the ground.

Audrius Verkauskas, 40, and Aurimas Bekeris, 37, spotted the victim near their home in Gladstone Street at about 9am on 19 December.

A heated exchange began with the man, who is the ex-partner of Verkauskas' girlfriend.

Verkauskas charged at him and began throwing punches, soon followed by Bekeris.

The pair punched and kneed the victim, who is in his 40s, several times before dragging him to the floor. Verkauskas continued punching him and Bekeris stamped on his head.

The men turned to walk away but Bekeris went back and kicked him to the back. The pair then walked a short distance before they again approached the man, who was still laying on the ground, and kicked him repeatedly to the head. They then left him for a second time.

A short while later the victim tentatively managed to get to his feet but while he was still unsteady the pair returned one more time, with Bekeris punching him to the floor.

The victim again managed to get to his feet and gesticulated towards his attackers before slumping to the ground and being helped by passers-by.

He was taken to Peterborough City Hospital where he received treatment for a suspected broken nose, which also had a complex laceration, and bruising to his chest.

Verkauskas and Bekeris were arrested at their home later that day.

The pair both pleaded guilty to assault causing grievous bodily harm without intent.

Yesterday (18 February) at Peterborough Crown Court they were both jailed for a year and four months and given a five-year restraining order preventing them from contacting the victim.

DC Jenny Blunt said: "This was a savage and prolonged attack which, given the level of violence, could have been much worse.

"There is no place for violence like this on our streets. We will continue to do all we can to investigate incidents of this nature and bring the perpetrators before the courts."
