```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who went on a drunken rampage before kicking and spitting at police officers has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2021
title: Man kicked and spat at officers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-kicked-and-spat-at-officers
```

A man who went on a drunken rampage before kicking and spitting at police officers has been jailed.

Henry Evans, 48, was found drunk in the street at just before 11am on 22 December by staff at the social housing where he was living in Victoria Road, Cambridge, and they tried to help him to his room.

But he responded aggressively and followed the staff into the social housing before pushing over and breaking Covid protection screens in the reception area.

He climbed over the front desk and shouted abuse at the workers who hid behind a locked door.

Police were alerted and arrived minutes later to find Evans in the street.

Still aggressive, he kicked an officer in the leg while being arrested and then made threats while in a police van, claiming he has Hepatitis B.

When an officer opened the back of the vehicle he spat towards them, narrowly missing their face.

Evans, of Victoria Road, Cambridge, pleaded guilty to two counts of assault against an emergency worker, criminal damage and breach of a conditional discharge.

He was sentenced to four months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (26 March).

**PC Matthew Lander said:** "Evans's violent outburst was completely unacceptable and uncalled for.

"The disrespect he showed both staff members and officers, who were simply doing their jobs, was quite frankly vile and will not be tolerated in Cambridgeshire.

"I hope the sentence gives Evans time to reflect on his behaviour."
