```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police have named a woman who died in Ely on Tuesday (1 December).
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: '**Update** Victim named in murder investigation'
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/victim-named-in-murder-investigation
```

**Update**

*****A 30-year-old man from Littleport has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being held in police custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station**

**The 29-year-old man has been charged with possession with intent to supply class A and has been remanded to appear at Peterborough Magistrates ' Court this morning.**

**The 28-year-old woman has been released under investigation.**

**An investigation continues.*****

Police have named a woman who died in Ely on Tuesday (1 December).

Emergency services were called at about 2.10pm with reports of concern for the woman in High Barns, Ely.

Despite efforts from paramedics and medical staff, Morgan Green, 29, of High Barns, Ely, was pronounced dead at the scene.

The death is being treated as a murder and a police cordon remains in place.

Four people were arrested yesterday in connection with the incident.

A 38-year-old woman and a 53-year-old man, both from Littleport, were arrested on suspicion of murder and have since been released under investigation.

A 29-year-old man from Littleport arrested on suspicion of murder remains in police custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station.

A 28-year-old woman, also from Littleport, was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and also remains in police custody.

A post mortem examination is due to take place at Peterborough City Hospital tomorrow.

Detective Inspector Dale Mepstead, who is investigating, said: "We will be conducting enquiries in and around High Barns area while our investigation into the death continues.

"There will be a large police presence while we carry out these enquiries and we would like to reassure people that we are treating this as an isolated incident."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting incident 220 of 1 December or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report.
