```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The two fires took place within an hour of one another and an investigation has been launched
publish:
  date: 3 Jan 2020
title: Families evacuated after fires in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-fires-leighton-peterborough
```

Families were evacuated from their homes after two fires broke out in Peterborough in the early hours of this morning (3 January).

The incidents, which are thought to have been started deliberately, both occurred in Leighton, Orton Malbourne. They took place within an hour of one another and an investigation has been launched with witnesses being sought.

Officers were called at 5.54am by Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service to reports of a bin fire and attended the scene. A second fire was then reported inside a building on the same road just before 6.30am.

There were no reported injuries, but two families were evacuated from the building as a precaution.

Officers remain at the scene this morning, together with firefighters, while the circumstances of the two fires are investigated.

Detective Inspector Dave Taylor said: "These two fires were no doubt frightening for those living nearby and for the families who were evacuated from their homes this morning.

"We are keen to hear from anyone who may have heard or seen anything in the area at the time, in particular anyone who has private CCTV which may help our investigation."

No arrests have been made. Anyone with information is urged to call 101 or report online via www.cambs.police.uk/report quoting crime reference number 35/573/20.
