```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Eames sent her sexual voice messages and gifts including underwear
publish:
  date: 8 Oct 2019
title: Farm worker, 55, harassed schoolgirl
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/David-Eames-harassed-teenage-girl-with-gifts-and-texts
```

**A farm worker harassed the teenaged daughter of his boss, sending her sexual voice messages and gifts including underwear.**

David Eames, 55, was employed for 10 weeks a year on a family farm in the Peterborough area when he became infatuated with the victim, who was in her early teenage years.

In 2016 Eames tried to engage in a sexual conversation with the her while they were travelling in a tractor together. The following year he sent her a Valentines gift and an inappropriate card explaining his feelings for her.

After getting her mobile number he began to send daily messages and voice messages starting on 5 November of 2018.

The victim, who was in a relationship, made it clear she wanted to be left alone and would report him to the police, but he continued to contact her throughout the winter of 2018 and early 2019. Eames repeatedly sent sexual messages and called the victim names such as "seductive dream girl". He wrote he was in love with her and felt "electricity and magnetism" when their eyes met.

During this period Eames sent gifts, cards and flowers to the victim. He also left sweets in a tractor cab for the victim and went to young farmers events to see her, once taking photographs of her without permission.

On 26 June of 2019 after the victim reported Eames to the police, officers attended Eames's home in Bourne where he was living with his mother, and found a stash of wrapped gifts he hadn't yet sent to the victim. Included in this were three notebooks in which he had written down every text message he had sent to her, all with dates and times.

Underwear Eames had intended to send to the victim for Valentine's Day was also found, with a sexual note. Officers found a framed picture of a naked woman, with handwritten comments about the victim on it.

In police interview Eames refused to speak.

At Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (7 October), after pleading guilty to harassment, Eames was sentenced to eight weeks imprisonment, suspended for 18 months.

DC Claire Lethbridge said: "Eames was an adult man preying on a child, repeatedly and insistently. The victim made it very clear she didn't want any of his attention but he did not stop.

"As a young girl this must have left her feeling terrified and alone. I hope Eames has come to realise how inappropriate his behaviour was."
