```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A cannabis factory worth up to a potential \xA3170,000 was discovered in Wisbech in the early hours of yesterday morning following reports of a burglary in progress."
publish:
  date: 24 Aug 2020
title: Cannabis factory found at scene of reported burglary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Churchill-Road-Wisbech-August2020
```

A cannabis factory worth up to a potential £170,000 was discovered in Wisbech in the early hours of yesterday morning (Sunday 23 August) following reports of a burglary in progress.

We were called at about 1.40am with reports of a suspected burglary in Churchill Road.

On attendance, we found a substantial cannabis factory with 355 plants growing across 11 rooms within the house. The plants have a potential yield value of up to £170,000.

Two men, aged 20 and 21, were arrested nearby on suspicion of burglary.

They have both been charged with burglary in connection with Churchill Road and remanded to appear at Peterborough Magistrates' Court today (Monday 24 August).

The 20-year-old has also been charged with burglary and theft of jewellery, tools, clothing and an Xbox in connection with an incident in Kings Delph, Whittlesey, earlier this year.

The 21-year-old has also been charged with two burglaries in Clipston Walk and Flore Close, both in Peterborough last month, as well as theft of a Mercedes, driving without a licence and driving without insurance.

An investigation into the production of cannabis is ongoing. Anyone with information about drugs production or dealing can report online at https://bit.ly/3gpvRFm.

Advice on how to best protect your home from burglars can be found on the force website here https://bit.ly/3gpvRFm.
