```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order will be put in place in March this weekend in a bid to reduce anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2018
title: Dispersal order to be issued in March
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/March-dispersal-order
```

A dispersal order will be put in place in March this weekend in a bid to reduce anti-social behaviour.

The measure has been taken by the local policing team, in consultation with Fenland District Council, in response to recent concerns from the public.

The order, which enables police to move people on from an area where they suspect their behaviour is anti-social, will be in place initially between the hours of 5pm today (Friday 12 October) and 2am tomorrow (Saturday 13 October) and then again between 5pm tomorrow (Saturday) and 2am on Sunday (14 October).

The authority covers the area encompassed by the A141 junction with Knights End Road, the A141 junction with Wisbech Road along to Dartford Road, Creek Road, to the railway line, along to Silt Road, Upwell Road, Barkers Lane and back to the B1101 junction with Knights End Road.

Area covered by the order

The order has been granted under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, and allows for Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and police officers to direct a person to leave the area specified within the order if they have reasonable grounds to suspect that their behaviour has caused, or is likely to cause, harassment, alarm or distress to members of the public. Failure to comply with the order can result in arrest.

Inspector Ian Lombardo, from the Fenland Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Due to recent incidents of anti-social behaviour I have authorised a dispersal order for the March area.

"The fair is currently in the town and as a result there has been an increase in footfall and also in the number of families and children attending the area. I want to make sure that officers have all the powers available to them to deal with anyone who is intent on causing anti-social behaviour quickly and effectively.

"Families coming to the town to enjoy themselves are welcomed and encouraged but anyone who comes to the area to cause disruption can expect to be dealt with robustly."
