```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A drink driver who crashed into a parked car has received a suspended sentence.
publish:
  date: 5 Aug 2020
title: Drink driver crashed into parked car
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/watling-drink-driver
```

A drink driver who crashed into a parked car has received a suspended sentence.

Andy Watling, 37, of New Road, Impington drove his silver Ford Focus into a Mercedes parked on his street on the afternoon of 9 April.

The 37-year-old was arrested at the scene after failing a breath test. At the station he provided a sample of 159 ug, more than four times over the legal limit of 35 ug.

At Cambridge Magistrates' Court yesterday (4 August) he pleaded guilty to drink driving and driving without a licence.

He was handed a 12-week custody sentence, suspended for two years. He was also disqualified from driving for three years, which will be reduced by 36 weeks, if he completes a course

PC Mark Lappin from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit said: "Watling made a decision on this day to get into a car and drive while under the influence of alcohol and without a licence. The consequences of his actions could've been much worse."

The force operates a dedicated, confidential hotline for members of the public to report drink or drug driving.

The hotline: 0800 032 0845 is available 24/7, and gives people the chance to supply the police with information to help reduce the number of drink or drug drivers on our roads.

More information about drink or drug driving, the law and the dangers it can cause.
