```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Officers and partner agencies in Cambridge have launched targeted activity to rid the city\u2019s streets of drugs."
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2019
title: Cambridge city officers to target street drug dealing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambridge-officers-target-street-drug-dealing
```

Officers and partner agencies in Cambridge have launched targeted activity to rid the city's streets of drugs.

The action follows long term work between the police and partners, including Cambridgeshire County Council and Cambridge City Council.

Insp Paul Rogerson said: "We know there are residential areas of Cambridge being used to deal drugs and, at times, this activity is very overt. This is about working with our partners and the community to target street-based drug dealing.

"We appreciate it is concerning for local people who quite rightly do not want to see this type of criminality in their communities.

"Part of the activity will identify drug dealers who are operating in residential areas and public spaces.

"We have a successful record of tackling county lines drug activity and our next phase of disruption is street dealing, which we know impacts on the community.

"The nature of this type of drug activity means that deals are often carried out very quickly, which makes them challenging to tackle, but if we can build a clear picture of where they are happening we have better opportunities to catch them in action.

"To help us to be as effective as possible we need the public to continue to report information about drug activity in the city. The more you can tell us about what is happening in your area the more effective we can be in targeting those responsible.

"We want everyone living in Cambridge or visiting the city to be able to do so without worrying about drugs being dealt in the area."

This activity, part of the force's Operation Raptor, began this month and will build on disruption already caused to county lines drug groups.

Over coming weeks officers will carry out intelligence-led patrols and target activity in areas where there have been issues of drug dealing.

Officers will also work with partner agencies to conduct environmental visual audits to consider what action can be taken to make an area less attractive to dealers.

The issue of street drug dealing was recently raised by local residents to Chief Constable Nick Dean at his public event in the city on 21 January.

During the meeting residents discussed their experiences of drug dealing on streets and in residential areas and asked for action to be taken.

Mr Nick Dean said: "The issue of street based drug dealing was a real concern for residents who attended the meeting and it was clear it was having an impact on their lives.

"The local team have a brilliant record of tackling our county lines drug dealers and we are extending our focus to those operating at a street level to help rid the streets of drugs. Enabling people in the city to go about their daily business without worrying about coming across drug activity.

"I really value the public's feedback and appreciate that people took the opportunity to meet me, or join the meetings online, to talk about their concerns. I remain committed to maintaining that relationship and working with our communities to make Cambridgeshire safer."

Cllr Anna Smith, Executive Councillor for Communities at Cambridge City Council said: "Drug dealing is a blight on local communities and it has no place in Cambridge. As both a local councillor and the city lead on community safety I have heard at first-hand how it can impact negatively on our residents. We need firm action to stop these criminals operating in our city and community police officers working closely with residents is crucial.

"The city council welcomes any police actions that may help to address the drug dealing problems in the city. We will also be writing to the Police and Crime Commissioner to ensure that effective community policing continues to be at the heart of all police plans, and this will include scrutinising current plans for Parkside Police Station."

Operation Raptor is a force-wide operation that incorporates all of the force's proactive policing activity. It focuses on using the force's resources to tackle force priorities, such as domestic abuse, child protection, and local issues raised by the public.
