```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A disqualified driver who crashed into a lamppost while trying to evade police in Peterborough has avoided jail.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Disqualified driver crashed into lamppost while trying to evade police
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sohail-Rehman-sentencing-Nov2020
```

A disqualified driver who crashed into a lamppost while trying to evade police in Peterborough has avoided jail.

Sohail Rehman, 31, was spotted by officers out on patrol, speeding down Bourges Boulevard in a blue Volkswagen Golf in the early hours of Saturday 10 October.

Switching between lanes and undertaking other vehicles, Rehman cut across in front of another driver to take a right turn into Maskew Avenue and continued to speed.

In an attempt to get away from the marked police car, Rehman reached speeds of 80 mph in a 40-limit zone.

As Rehman reached the roundabout at Taverners Road, he lost control of the vehicle, mounted the grass and hit a lamppost which then fell on the roof of the car.

He got out of the car and made a run for it but was located hiding in a nearby garden and found to be in possession of cannabis.

Rehman, of Lynton Road in Millfield, appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Monday (30 November) where he pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving whilst disqualified and being in possession of cannabis.

He was sentenced to eight months in prison, suspended for 18 months.

PC Jessica Thomas said: "Rehman has a history of driving offences and clearly shows little regard for the law and safety of himself or others when on the roads.

"Thankfully no one was injured as a result of his careless actions that day."
