```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Road safety events involving a mixture of education and enforcement will take place across the county this week to reduce deaths and serious injuries.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2019
title: Road safety events held across the county
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/road-safety-events-held-across-the-county
```

Road safety events involving a mixture of education and enforcement will take place across the county this week to reduce deaths and serious injuries.

The operation will support the Cambridgeshire Road Safety Partnership's rural road speed campaign, as well as targeting all other forms of motoring safety.

The action will culminate in a 24-hour multi-agency operation on Friday, 22 November, starting from 6am.

It will include enforcement activity targeting speeding as well as the use of mobile phones behind the wheel, driving under the influence of drink or drugs and failure to wear a seatbelt.

Officers will also be out educating road users on tyre and bike safety as well as attending schools and colleges to provide advice on how to stay safe.

A number of other events will also take place throughout the day.

More than 200 officers, PCSOs, staff and volunteers will be taking part and supporting the event, including Specials, cadets, neighbourhood officers, road policing officers.

**Prevention activity includes:**

 * Police and council visits in and around schools and pre-schools carried out by PCSOs in conjunction with road charity Brake and Zak the Zebra.
 * Events in Cambridge city centre to encourage cyclists to use lights in winter months and stay safe. Police cadets will be in Christ's Pieces on Thursday and Friday evening, securing lights to bicycles. Cambridgeshire County Council and the Road Safety Partnership has donated a number of bike lights.
 * An event at Cambridge Regional College's Huntingdon Campus, with the Institute of Advanced Motorists offering young people free sessions with an observer to test Cambridgeshire's safest young driver.
 * Drive iQ virtual driving event at a sixth form in Peterborough

**Enforcement activity includes:**

 * Roadside 'speed gun' enforcement throughout the county, in areas where residents have expressed their concerns via an online survey.
 * Inspections to check unsafe and illegal tyres
 * Community Speed Watch checks
 * Patrols targeting those using their mobile while driving
 * Drink and drug drive checks

A similar operation, called Op Astragal, took place last year and more than 800 motoring enforcements were handed out including 534 dealt with for speeding and 260 Lights instead of Tickets (LIT) handed to cyclists.

Last year, 27 people were killed in collisions in Cambridgeshire and 2,503 injured; 430 seriously.

Superintendent James Sutherland, who is leading the operation, said: "The operation last year was a huge success. It was nominated for a national road safety award and most importantly, hundreds of road users were dealt with for dangerous driving offences.

"This year we are hoping to hold a similar event, with activity taking place throughout the week, particularly on Friday.

"Sadly, thousands of people are still injured on our roads and the purpose of this activity is to enforce dangerous behaviour and educate users on how to stay safe in order to save lives and reduce these statistics.

"We can all play a part in making our roads safer and within 24 hours, we want to take as many dangerous vehicles and drivers off the road as possible. We will be carrying out a whole range of activity from catching speeding drivers to educating cyclists."

The operation involves Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Road Safety Partnership, Cambridgeshire County Council, Brake, the Institute of Advanced Motorists and Tyre Safe.
