```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two people have been sentenced for multiple thefts across East Cambridgeshire.
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2021
title: Pair sentenced for multiple thefts
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/barnes-king
```

Two people have been sentenced for multiple thefts across East Cambridgeshire.

Between 10 and 30 January, Michael King, of no fixed abode, stole meat worth £137 from a BP Garage in Soham and gardening equipment from a store in Lancaster Way, Ely worth more than £650.

The 40-year-old also topped his car up with £45 of fuel at a garage in Teversham but made off without paying.

Jody Barnes, 24, of High Barns, Ely, stole sweets, alcohol and meat worth more than £200 on eight separate occasions between 12 January and 9 February from a BP garage in Soham, a BP garage in Teversham and Tesco in Angel Drove, Ely.

The pair were arrested on 16 February thanks to a call from a member of the public who had seen the pair acting suspiciously in Coveney.

King pleaded guilty to three counts of theft and one count of making off without payment at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on 17 February. He was sentenced to 20 weeks in prison and ordered to pay £128 in compensation.

Barnes pleaded guilty to eight counts of theft and was given a community order, rehabilitation activity requirement and ordered to pay £201.50 in compensation.

PC Zara Oakley said: "We're committed to catching shoplifters like King and Barnes and putting them before the courts. Shoplifting can have a huge impact on both businesses and those who work for them."
