```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are launching a scheme to tackle cycle crime as the number of bikes stolen in Cambridgeshire tops 40,000 in ten years.
publish:
  date: 21 May 2019
title: Cycle thefts top 40,000 in ten years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cycle-thefts-top-40000
```

Police are launching a scheme to tackle cycle crime as the number of bikes stolen in Cambridgeshire tops 40,000 in ten years.

As part of a crime prevention day on Friday (24 May) officers will be encouraging people to have their bikes marked and registered, as well as ensuring they are locked securely.

The 40,000 bikes would fill Abbey Road stadium nearly five times and if placed end to end would easily reach from Cambridge to Peterborough.

The constabulary has teamed up with immobilise.com to complete the registration process. Officers and retail outlets who have signed up to the scheme will be able to register bikes and mark them with a free tamper-proof sticker to deter thieves.

Members of the public will then be able to check if a second-hand bike has been stolen and if recovered the property easily returned to the rightful owner.

Officers will begin at Cambridge Train Station at 8.30am on Friday to mark bikes and speak to people about the scheme.

Where possible, cyclists should secure their bike to a designated cycle rack in a busy, well-lit area, using at least one good quality d-lock through the frame.

In addition to tackling cycle theft officers will be offering crime prevention advice to tradespeople to protect their vans and tools, as well as conducting patrols to combat theft from vehicles and speaking to people at Cambridge Science Park about fraud and cybercrime.

Superintendent James Sutherland said: "It's staggering that 40,000 bikes have been stolen in the county in the last 10 years.

"We want to get as many cyclists in the county signed up to this scheme as possible to help address the problem and deter thieves. We're aiming to make it as difficult as we can for criminals and need the public's help in achieving this.

"As well as registering to this scheme, it's vital people secure their bikes correctly with a decent lock. Cheap locks and inappropriately left bikes make it easy for thieves.

"The majority of the thefts from cars occurred when people failed to lock their vehicle and left valuables on show. Thieves will steal something as seemingly insignificant as a CD. We're urging people to ensure they lock their car and remove items from sight which could be stolen.

"We hope to reach as many van drivers and tradespeople during the day as possible. I know that theft of tools from vans can have a big impact on small businesses and we want to offer as much practical support and advice as we can to make their property secure."

For more information on cycle safety visit https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Cycle-crime

Retail outlets interested in signing up to the scheme to provide the marking service should contact _kate.thwaites@cambs.pnn.police.uk_.
