```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man asked an eight-year-old boy to speak to a drug dealer in Cambridge before punching him and taking his bike.
publish:
  date: 21 Aug 2019
title: Man punched boy and stole his bike
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-punched-boy
```

A man asked an eight-year-old boy to speak to a drug dealer in Cambridge before punching him and taking his bike.

Aaron Muxlow, 29, of Padget Close, Trumpington, was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court on Monday (19 August) after pleading guilty to theft of a pedal cycle and common assault.

Muxlow approached the boy, who was riding close to where he lived in the Trumpington area, on 20 August, 2018. He asked him to go up to a man standing round the corner and tell him that he, Muxlow, would "pay him in a sec".

The boy did as he was asked and rode away but Muxlow shouted at him to come back and chased after him. He punched him in the side, causing him to fall off and then rode off on the bike.

The victim's mother managed to get the bike back later that day, however, Muxlow was later arrested by police.

Muxlow was handed an eight-month sentence, suspended for 24 months, given a five-year restraining order preventing him from contacting his victim and ordered to wear an electronic tag.

DC Ciaron Hickey, who investigated, said: "This was an unprovoked attack on an innocent child who was enjoying playing outside near his home and should have been safe.

"I am glad we have managed to put Muxlow before the courts and secure a restraining order so he can no longer interact with the victim or his family."
