```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A supermarket cashier who stole thousands of pounds in vouchers from his employers has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 6 Aug 2020
title: Supermarket fraudster sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/supermarket-fraudster-sentenced-August-2020
```

A supermarket cashier who stole thousands of pounds in vouchers from his employers has been sentenced.

Johnny Tucker, 20, was an employee at the Morrison's store in Cambourne when he showed up after the store had closed on 31 March last year.

Tucker was questioned by supervisors and lied, claiming he had been asked to work overtime.

Store CCTV filmed Tucker as he sat at a till for about 40 minutes, fraudulently scanning barcodes of gift vouchers to activate them for his own personal use.

In this time, till receipts revealed he scanned more than £6,600 of stolen vouchers.

The incident was reported to police and officers searched Tucker's home, seizing an iPhone suspected of being purchased with the proceeds of his illicit gains.

Tucker's Amazon purchase history showed he had recently purchased 12 iPhones, although they were not found at his home address.

He was arrested and admitted charges of possessing a controlled article for use in fraud and fraud by false representation.

He was sentenced to eight months in prison, suspended for 18 months yesterday (5 August) at Cambridge Crown Court.

DC Hamish Cowley said: "Tucker was incredibly calculated in his attempts to take advantage of his employer's trust.

"I would like to comment the quick-thinking actions of his colleagues, who were able to report his wrongdoings to allow officers to bring him to justice.

"Hopefully this sentence will give him some time to consider a more honest approach to making money."

For more information about fraud and how to report it, visit our website: https://bit.ly/3a0YhEh
