```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Sun Sun Wong controlled prostitutes across the country for her own financial gain
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2020
title: Woman behind Cambs brothel must pay back ill-gotten gains
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sun-sun-wong-poca-cambs-brothel
```

A woman who controlled prostitutes across the country for her own financial gain has been ordered to pay back more than £400,000.

Sun Sun Wong, 45, of Blucher Street, Birmingham was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court in February 2018 where she was jailed for a total of five years.

Her sentencing followed a seven-day trial where she was found guilty of two counts of controlling prostitution for gain and one count of money laundering.

Undercover officers posing as potential clients contacted women on various adult sites as part of an operation to safeguard vulnerable prostitutes.

In October 2015, January 2016 and February 2016 they arranged to meet with two women and were given an address in Midsummer Court, Cambridge. Each time they were greeted by lone women who didn't have the mobile phone used to make the appointment.

In February 2016 they also met a woman in Blucher Street, Birmingham.

Investigations revealed that the properties they were using was being rented out by Wong and her mobile phone number was linked to the accounts set up in the names of various prostitutes working in Cambridge and Birmingham.

Further work revealed more than £400,000 had been paid into her various bank accounts over a two-year period. Payments of between £1,500 and £2,500 were often deposited weekly.

Throughout the trial Wong denied any involvement and claimed that a woman named Anita had used her identity to carry out the crimes, but was never able to provide further details to police.

### Financial investigations

Specialist financial investigators from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) undertook an investigation into the illicit profit Wong had made from her crimes, ensuring that all assets held by her were identified and made subject to Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) restraint proceedings.

At Peterborough Crown Court today (21 October) Wong appeared for a POCA hearing, where Judge Matthew Lowe ordered her to pay back a total of £442,000 within three months.

### "Crime does not pay"

Detective Constable Andrew McKeane, who investigated, said: "This POCA hearing today demonstrates that crime doesn't pay. It has ensured that Wong will be stripped of the profit she made from her crimes, and is a fitting conclusion to the appalling offences she has committed.

"This type of crime affects all walks of life but especially the vulnerable, who turn to the sex industry in their lowest moments.

"If you are being exploited in any way then I urge you to contact us or Crimestoppers so we can help you turn your life around."

Exploitation, including sexual exploitation such as prostitution, is often seen as a form of modern slavery. The signs are hard to spot, but doing so could save a life.

Find out more, or report concerns, on the force's dedicated slavery web page.
