```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two men from the London area have been jailed for drug offences in Cambridge.
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: Jail for county lines drug dealers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-for-county-lines-drug-dealers-08062018
```

Two men from the London area have been jailed for drug offences in Cambridge.

Jordan Edwin, 22, and Francis Nkadi, 21, were at a property in Coleville Road when officers forced entry on 27 November last year. This followed anonymous information from a member of the public about drug offences at the location.

Edwin, of Saltley Close, Newham, was found in possession of 43 wraps, 14 containing heroin and 29 cocaine. Nkadi, of Saunders Close, Ilford, had more than £2,500 in his trouser pockets. A mobile phone and keys to a BMW were also recovered from the property.

Officers recognised Nkadi from an incident in Cambridge on 17 November where he fled from the scene of suspected drug dealing and was chased on foot for more than a mile before escaping.

In interview, Edwin was questioned about the BMW keys that were found in his possession and admitted driving the vehicle without a full licence.

Edwin pleaded guilty to possession of heroin and cocaine with intent to supply, as well as driving without a full licence and insurance.

Nkadi was charged with being concerned in the supply of cocaine and heroin. He denied the offences, but was found guilty following a four day trial at Cambridge Crown Court.

Yesterday (7 June) at Peterborough Crown Court Nkadi was sentenced to five years and six months in prison and Edwin to five years and eight months. Edwin was also disqualified from driving for two years.

Photo: Jordan Edwin

PC Steve Girdlestone said: "Drugs ruin lives and cause misery for communities. We will do all we can to investigate drug dealing and bring the perpetrators to justice.

"I hope the sentence today sends a clear message that this kind of behaviour will not be tolerated."

If you have information concerning drug dealing you can report it to police by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, online or by calling 0800 555 111.
