```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer who tried to hide crack cocaine and heroin from officers has been jailed for 45 months.
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2020
title: Jail for Cambridge drug dealer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-cambridge-drug-dealer-1
```

A drug dealer who tried to hide crack cocaine and heroin from officers has been jailed for 45 months.

Shaquile Brown, 24, was arrested at a flat in Ashley Court, Cambridge, on 23 July following a tip-off from a member of the public about potential drug dealing at the property.

When police initially knocked on his front door there was no answer.

However, officers round the back of the property saw a hand reach out a window and drop a plastic package before the door was answered seconds later.

A search of the flat, of which Brown was the sole occupant, revealed drug paraphernalia and a mobile phone containing drug-related messages.

The package was forensically examined and found to contain 38 wraps of crack cocaine and heroin, with a street value of more than £600.

Brown, of The Sidings, Bedford, was sentenced on Friday (11 September) at Cambridge Crown Court after pleading guilty to two counts of possessing a class A drug with intent to supply.

PC Joe Punton said: "Thanks to the tip off we were able to swiftly arrive and catch Brown out, who tried his best to hide his criminality.

"The public are often our eyes and ears and the information they provide us with is crucial in our efforts to rid our streets of drugs."

If you suspect drug activity in your area, report it to us here https://bit.ly/31UMdSL
