```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The maximum jail sentence has been handed to a hoax caller for belching down the 999 phone line at call handlers
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2020
title: Second jail sentence for hoax caller
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/second-jail-sentence-for-hoax-caller
```

A PETERBOROUGH man who repeatedly called 999 to burp at police call handers has been handed a second six month jail sentence.

Rhys Pilott, 28, was sentenced to six months imprisonment in November last year for causing a public nuisance but was released early for good behaviour.

Following his release, Pilott dialled 999 and belched at call handlers more than 80 times and was arrested five times.

On one occasion, the force received 24 999 calls from Pilott within the space of 45 minutes, causing the emergency line to become blocked and leaving call handlers unable to answer genuine emergency calls.

Pilott, of Crown Mews, Peterborough, was arrested again in October this year for a final time and was charged with causing public nuisance.

He admitted the charge last week (23 November) and was handed the maximum jail term for hoax calling at Peterborough Magistrates' Court.

Superintendent Mike Branston said: "Hoax calls exhaust our resources, cost the public money and, more worryingly, put lives at risk.

"Individuals who feel the need to abuse the 999 service in this way should consider how they would feel if a loved one needed emergency help but couldn't get through."

In the past month, the force has recorded 90 hoax/misuse of 999 calls alongside all of the normal daily calls for service and extra Covid-19 calls. Each of the hoax calls that required a response would have wasted a large number of resources.

For more information on hoax calling and advice for parents with children who may decide to hoax call the police, please visit: www.cambs.police.uk/hoaxcalling
