```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are investigating an attempted distraction burglary in Perry yesterday (Thursday, 14 September).
publish:
  date: 15 Sep 2017
title: Appeal following attempted distraction burglary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-attempted-distraction-burglary
```

Police are investigating an attempted distraction burglary in Perry yesterday (Thursday, 14 September).

Two men entered the home of the elderly victim in Glebe Road at around 1.40pm through an unlocked door.

The men claimed the victim owed them money for work they had undertaken at the property but he had not had work carried out and insisted they leave the home.

One of the men was described as 41 to 60, around 5'8", with greying, short hair and a ginger beard and the second was described as mid-30s, around 5'7" with short ginger hair.

Nothing was taken.

PCSO John Carter said: "These offenders have targeted a vulnerable victim in his own home but, thanks to the victim's strong response, left empty handed.

"We would like to remind residents in the area to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity.

"If you have an elderly or vulnerable friend or relative it is worth making them aware of this type of offence."

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact police on 101 quoting CF0501950917.

In a second incident yesterday, a home in Main Road, Stonely, was burgled between 7.50am and 6pm while the occupants were at work.

Items were taken including jewellery, a camera and wrapped children's gifts.

It is not yet known if the incidents are connected.

Anyone with information about this incident should contact police quoting crime number CF0528120917.
