```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A horse was rescued and a haul of cannabis was seized by the force
publish:
  date: 10 Jul 2020
title: Horse rescued and haul of cannabis seized by rural crime team
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/horse-rescued-and-haul-of-cannabis-seized-by-rural-crime-team
```

A horse was rescued and a haul of cannabis was seized by the force's Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT) in Ramsey Heights yesterday (9 June).

Whilst on patrol in Middle Drove at about 1pm, the team heard distressed noises coming from behind a caravan on an unoccupied plot of land.

Under Section 19 of the Animal Welfare Act 2006, officers entered the area and freed a horse that had become tangled in wired cables.

Whilst doing so, they noticed an abandoned cannabis factory inside one of the caravans. They then followed electric cables from the caravan to two sheds where further plants were discovered.

The grows were dismantled and a total of 34 cannabis plants were seized alongside cultivation equipment.

A suspected stolen trailer was also seized and efforts are ongoing to identify the rightful owner.

No suspects were located in the area and no arrests were made. The RSPCA have been informed about the horse.

**RCAT Sergeant Craig Flavell said:** "The role of RCAT is never dull and we never know what we are going to come across whilst out on patrol.

"I'm thrilled that we were able to rescue a distressed horse and in doing so, were able to stop a significant amount of illegal drugs from getting on to our streets.

"Our efforts to tackle rural crime such does not stop and we will continue to work hard to keep our rural communities safe."

Anyone with information about the plants or anyone who suspects illegal drug activity in their area should call police on 101 or report it online www.cambs.police.uk/report
