```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who smashed the windows of five cars and spat in the face of two police officers has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2019
title: 10 months for man who assaulted officers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/window-smasher-cambridge
```

A man who smashed the windows of five cars and spat in the face of two police officers has been jailed.

Ross Stevens, 31, of no fixed abode, used a concrete umbrella stand, which he'd stolen from a nearby property, to damage the vehicles at Cambridge train station.

When officers arrived just before 1am on 22 October they found Stevens lying on the back seats of one of the cars, a silver Ford Mondeo.

While attempting to arrest him for damaging the Mondeo, a Volkswagen Passat, a Volkswagen Golf, a BMW and a Lexus which he'd also stolen documents from, Stevens spat in an officers' face.

He then spat in the face of another while being booked into custody at Parkside Police Station.

Stevens was also wanted for a burglary with intent to steal after he went behind the bar of a Cambridge pub on 27 August and for stealing meat worth £50 from a shop in Milton Road on 30 September.

At Peterborough Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (23 October), Stevens pleaded guilty to five counts of criminal damage, two counts of assault by beating an emergency worker, theft from a motor vehicle, theft from a shop, theft and burglary.

He was sentenced to 10 months in custody.

PC Jamie Tumber said: "Stevens' behaviour towards officers was completely unacceptable. Not only is spitting potentially hazardous but also incredibly unpleasant and demeaning. Assaults on police officers are taken seriously by the courts as this sentence shows."
