```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We are urging members of the public in the New England area to review any CCTV or dash-cam footage following two stabbings on Wednesday night.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2021
title: CCTV plea following two stabbings in New England
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/CCTV-request-Fulbridge-Rec-stabbings-24Feb21
```

We are urging members of the public in the New England area to review any CCTV or dash-cam footage following two stabbings on Wednesday night (24 February).

Two separate incidents were reported to us, believed to have been committed by the same group of offenders, in the Fulbridge Recreation Ground off Fulbridge Road between 7pm and 7.10pm.

The first victim was a 36-year-old man who was walking through the grounds at about 7pm when he was approached by a group of seven or eight people, believed to be teenage boys.

He was attacked but managed to flee to his home address nearby where he realised he had been stabbed multiple times, including a puncture to one of his lungs.

The second victim was an 18-year-old man who was jogging through the park at about 7.10pm when a group of about eight teenage boys tried to call him over to them. He carried on running but the group approached him and he was stabbed by one of the group multiple times.

DI Shish Thind said: "We have been carrying out house-to-house enquiries and speaking to residents, however I would urge anyone who has CCTV installed at their homes, or dash-cams in their vehicles, to review the footage to see if it captures a group of young people in the area on Wednesday evening. This could help us piece together information and ultimately identify the offenders.

"We are continuing our patrols of the area throughout the day and night and this remains to be a priority for us here in Peterborough."

Anyone with information is urged to report online or use our online webchat function and quote crime reference 35/11040/21. Those without access to the internet should call 101.
