```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The force has secured its first criminal behaviour order (CBO) on a registered sex offender.
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2020
title: "Force\u2019s first criminal behaviour order for sex offender"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/forces-first-criminal-behaviour-order-for-sex-offender
```

The force has secured its first criminal behaviour order (CBO) on a registered sex offender.

Edward White, 41, was sentenced to three months in prison, suspended for two years, at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on 13 August after admitting to an act of outraging public decency at Fen Drayton Lakes on 27 March.

Yesterday (28 October) at the same court, White, of Common Lane, Hemingford Abbots, was handed the strict five-year court order.

The order prohibits White from going to Fen Drayton Lakes (as outlined in the map below) and engaging in various sexual activities.

DC Decca Riondino, of the force's Public Protection Unit, said: "This court order is a first for our department.

"Given the nature of White's offending, a CBO was the only way for us to continue monitoring and managing him.

"With this court order in place for the next five years we will be able to keep tabs on White and minimise further risk to the public.

"Any reports of him breaching his CBO will be dealt with robustly."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, visit the force's dedicated child protection web page.
