```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A judge has today (Friday, 13 July) sentenced a Peterborough man to 30 years in prison.
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2018
title: Child sex abuser jailed for 30 years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Paul-Chisnall-30-years
```

A judge has today (Friday, 13 July) sentenced a Peterborough man to 30 years in prison.

Paul Chisnall, 36, of Pyhill in Bretton was found guilty of 30 sexual offences against six children following a four-week trial in May.

He was arrested in May last year (2017) after police received information about the historical sexual abuse of two of the children, both girls, between 2002 and 2010.

The court heard how Chisnall would sexually abuse the girls, including rape, when they were as young as six.

The victims, which included three further girls and a boy who came forward after the initial disclosures were made, ranged from six to 15 when they were abused.

This afternoon (Friday), Chisnall appeared at Cambridge Crown Court and was sentenced to a total of 30 years in prison, extended for eight years on licence. His Honour Judge Farrell QC sentenced made it clear that Chisnall will serve a minimum of 20 years before even being considered for parole.

He has also been made subject of restraining orders prohibiting him from contacting any of his victims for life, an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) and has been placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life.

The convictions are:

 * Five counts of rape
 * Seven counts of rape of a child under 13
 * Five counts of indecent assault
 * One count of assault by penetration
 * Three counts of sexual assault of a child under 13
 * Two counts of indecency with a child
 * Three counts of causing a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity
 * Three counts of assault of a child under 13 by penetration
 * One count of taking indecent images of a child

Detective Sergeant Richard Stott said: "This sentence reflects the horrific suffering that the victims have endured. I would like to highlight their bravery in speaking out about the abuse, because it ultimately led to this whole investigation.

"I would also like to thank the police officers, Independent Sexual Violence Advisors (ISVA) and the Crown Prosecution Service who have supported the victims and helped them to be able to give their evidence and move forward with their lives."

A spokesperson for IDVA said: "The Cambridge and Peterborough Rape Crisis Partnership would like to pay tribute to the courage and determination shown by the victims in relation to this case, all of whom have received support from the Independent Sexual Violence Advisors who work in partnership with the police and Cambridgeshire Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) to deliver the specialist care required to facilitate the journey through the criminal justice system.

"Abuse thrives on secrecy - speaking out and acknowledging what happened to you can be an important part of your healing process. Whether you already have people in your life you've been able to talk to about your abuse or whether you've never spoken to anyone about it before, Rape Crisis services are there for you, either initially or long-term. Rape Crisis services are confidential and led by you, so you won't be pressured into talking about anything before you're ready."

Rape Crisis centres will support anyone who has been affected by any form of sexual violence at any time of their lives. For further information on accessing support please visit https://www.caprcp.org.uk.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, please visit www.cambs.police.uk/childprotection.
