```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who broke into a property in Farcet and knocked a woman\u2019s teeth out with a crowbar has pleaded guilty."
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2018
title: "Man admits \u201Cvicious\u201D attack"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-admits-vicious-attack
```

A man who broke into a property in Farcet and knocked a woman's teeth out with a crowbar has pleaded guilty.

Sam Vinden, 45, went to the property in Andrewe's Close at about 6.30am on 29 August last year. He smashed windows, damaged the front door and made demands of the victim.

Once inside, he assaulted the victim with the crowbar, breaking her arm and leg as well as causing facial injuries. He left the scene empty handed shortly after.

The victim, who is in her 30s, identified Vinden and his blood was found at the scene. When he was arrested the following day he had cuts to his arm.

Initially Vinden, of Straight Drove, Farcet, and a 19-year-old man from Peterborough, pleaded not guilty to aggravated burglary, grievous bodily harm with intent and criminal damage.

Yesterday (19 September) on the eighth day of a trial at Cambridge Crown Court Vinden changed his plea to guilty and the other man was found not guilty. Vinden will be sentenced at the same court on 23 November.

Detective Constable Stuart Miller said: "This was a vicious attack which caused the victim significant injuries as well as a substantial amount of psychological trauma.

"Hopefully today's court proceedings will bring some comfort to the victim and allow her to move on with the rest of her life."
