```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar from Birmingham who broke into a motorcycle shop in Peterborough has been ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2020
title: Burglar from Birmingham broke into Peterborough motorcycle shop
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/James-Alexander-sentencing-Dec2020
```

A burglar from Birmingham who broke into a motorcycle shop in Peterborough has been ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work.

James Alexander, who goes by the name of Alex Lundy, broke into Webbs Motorcycles off the Fletton Parkway at about 10.30pm on 18 March this year.

He stole a Yamaha motorcycle worth about £16,000 but left a crowbar and blood at the scene.

Swabs of the blood were tested by forensic officers which came back as a match to 44-year-old Lundy who was arrested on the M1 near Brent Cross on 8 October.

In interview, he denied being in Peterborough at the time of the offence and blamed two acquaintances for his blood being found at the scene, saying he was being set up.

Lundy, of Coleshill Road in Water Orton, Birmingham, was charged with burglary which he initially denied in court, but later changed his plea.

He appeared at Huntingdon Law Court on Friday (4 December) where he was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for two years, as well as having to complete 200 hours of unpaid work.

DC Tom Hunt said: "Thanks to vital work our forensic teams do, we were able to place Lundy at the scene of the crime despite him denying being in the county.

"Given the undeniable evidence against him, I'm pleased he came to his senses and eventually admitted the offence."
