```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Hare coursing, illegal fishing and fly-tipping were the key issues highlighted as part of a rural week of action.
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2019
title: Wildlife and rural crime week of action a success
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/RCAT-week-success
```

Hare coursing, illegal fishing and fly-tipping were the key issues highlighted as part of a rural week of action.

Cambridgeshire Constabulary's Rural Crime Action Team joined forces across the country for a national campaign to tackle wildlife and rural crime.

Throughout the week officers were patrolling and conducting proactive operations in Cambridgeshire including:

 * Operation Galileo - a national operation to disrupt illegal poaching, such as hare coursing. There is typically an increase in poaching offences in October, after crops have been harvested, and fields are left empty and open. Two vehicles were seized and seven people reported for hare coursing.
 * A day of action with the Environment Agency, HMRC and Fenland District Council checking waste carrier licences and dipping vans for red diesel. As well as checking dozens of vehicles they seized three and reported three people for traffic offences.
 * Working with CLA, the Environment Agency and councils to scrap fly-tipping
 * Patrolling heritage sites and nature reserves with Natural England
 * Working with Angling Trust and the Environment Agency regarding illegal fishing
 * Conducting site checks at scrap metal dealers

The week of action was supported by Chief Constable Nick Dean who joined the team on patrol on Thursday and ended with a foot-chase through a muddy field and a man being arrested for conspiracy to supply class A drugs, driving without insurance, a licence, failing to stop and taking a vehicle without consent.

Sergeant Craig Flavell said: "The aim of the week was to put the work being done to identify and tackle rural and wildlife crime in the spotlight, encourage people to report incidents and reassure the public with the work we are doing across our rural communities to ensure people are safe and feel safe."

The team also used social media to highlight some of the preventative measures farmers and landowners can take to stop people accessing their land.

The campaign was co-ordinated by the National Police Chief's Council and followed the success of a rural crime day of action last year.
