```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dangerous driver who led officers on a high-speed pursuit, running red lights and driving the wrong way around a roundabout has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: Dangerous driver went the wrong way around a roundabout
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dangerous-driver-went-wrong-way-around-roundabout
```

A dangerous driver who led officers on a high-speed pursuit, running red lights and driving the wrong way around a roundabout has been jailed.

Sean Welling, 36, was spotted driving erratically by roads policing officers in Peterborough on 25 July.

The officers followed for a short time before indicating for him to pull over, but Welling accelerated away from the marked police car.

Welling's driving became increasingly reckless and dangerous as he drove at more than three times the speed limit, went the wrong way around a roundabout and ran numerous red lights.

He finally came to a stop on a residential street and made off on foot. Officers were in hot pursuit and caught up with Welling at his home in Hereward Close, Peterborough.

He was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and driving without insurance.

Officers discovered Welling had previously been stopped twice, in October and November 2019, both times testing positive for cocaine.

Welling pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving without insurance and two counts of drug driving and was sentenced to six months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (1 February).

He was also disqualified from driving for a year and nine months.

Detective Sergeant, James Thorne, from the Roads Policing Unit, said: "Welling's driving was extremely dangerous and he showed a complete disregard for the safety of other road users.

"Despite attempts to evade us, we managed to catch up and put him before the courts.

"While Welling serves his time, the road users in Peterborough will be that much safer."

You can report drink or drug drivers anonymously via our confidential reporting line: 0800 032 0845.
