```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An operation has been launched in Peterborough city centre in order to tackle issues of begging and anti-social behaviour (ASB).
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020
title: Operation launched to tackle begging and ASB in Peterborough city centre
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Op-Luscombe
```

An operation has been launched in Peterborough city centre in order to tackle issues of begging and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

Operation Luscombe, which officially launched this week, aims to identify issues and support those who are living on the streets, often found begging and causing ASB.

It is a partnership initiative between neighbourhood policing officers, Peterborough City Council, drugs and alcohol support services, health care professionals, Department for Work and Pensions and the Light Project Peterborough - all those who can help get them off the streets and reduce associated issues.

PC Rob Reay, Problem Solving and ASB Tactical Advisor for Cambridgeshire Constabulary, said: "Operation Luscombe focusses on support and engagement from the partnership agencies who are working together to assess individuals' needs and find solutions to getting them on the right track, steering them away from substance misuse and criminality."

A 'Hub' has been set up as a centralised meeting point for all partners to meet on a bi-weekly basis to offer support to vulnerable individuals identified through Op Luscombe as requiring support.

PC Reay added: "Although there is police involvement, enforcement will be focussed on encouraging engagement with support services. This will be done through an initial invitation to attend The Hub, failure to accept this offer of support will then result in utilising Community Protection Warnings, Notices and Criminal Behaviour Orders to ensure those causing issues get the help and support they need.

"The aim is primarily to provide support for these individuals but this should also help to reduce the demand on all agencies involved.

"Similar schemes have already been run in London and Essex with positive results of not only helping those most in need to address their problems, but also reducing the demand on key services. Being able to pull all key agencies together in one location is something which can make a real difference to those most in need of our help and assistance."
