```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after he knocked a man unconscious, leaving him requiring emergency treatment.
publish:
  date: 27 Jun 2019
title: Man jailed for vicious attack
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-vicious-attack-Ben-Matthews
```

A man has been jailed after he knocked a man unconscious, leaving him requiring emergency treatment.

Ben Matthews, 32, was walking along Hills Road in Cambridge on the evening of 18 June last year when he began arguing with the man, who is in his 40s.

The argument became heated and Matthews punched the man in the face, knocking him to the ground, before driving off.

A few minutes later he drove back to the scene, where the victim had stayed, and the argument continued. Matthews punched him again, causing him to fall to the ground, hit his head on the concrete and suffer serious injuries.

Walking away, Matthews shouted, "keep coming near me I will hurt you bruv, I hurt people for fun".

Officers driving by saw the victim lying unconscious and rushed to give him first aid. During their enquiries a member of the public told them he had witnessed and filmed the fight.

Matthews was arrested a week later after he was identified through the video.

The court heard Matthews was bailed but was arrested again on 11 October after being searched by officers in Wycliffe Road, Cambridge. When they tried to handcuff him he struggled, causing minor injuries to one officer. A stun-gun, designed to look like a torch, was found in his pocket.

Matthews, of Armitage Way, Cambridge, previously pleaded guilty to inflicting grievous bodily harm without intent and possession of a prohibited weapon.

On Friday (21 June) at Cambridge Crown Court he was jailed for six and a half years.

DC Ciaron Hickey said: "Matthews may not have intended to hurt the victim to the extent he did, but his actions left him needing emergency treatment with long term injuries.

"He has repeatedly shown he is a dangerous man and the fact he was walking around with a stun-gun in his pocket is extremely concerning."
