```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We are pleased to announce our inclusion in a major publication to celebrate the centenary of women gaining the right to vote in the UK.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2018
title: Cambridgeshire Constabulary featured in Vote100 commemorative album
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/vote100-commemorative-album
```

We are pleased to announce our inclusion in a major publication to celebrate the centenary of women gaining the right to vote in the UK.

This year marks 100 years since Parliament passed the Representation of the People Act 1918 which was a package of electoral reforms that extended the vote to women for the first time.

As part of these celebrations, publisher St James's House has partnered with the History of Parliament Trust to produce their official commemorative album for the Vote100 anniversary.

Launching in June 2018, this book tells the story of the 84-year struggle for women to get the vote, how the vote was won and what that has meant for women since.

In addition to discussing key historical events, this fully illustrated coffee-table book will showcase a selection of organisations drawn from educational, cultural, social, technological and business spheres with relevant stories to tell.

As a representative of policing, Cambridgeshire Constabulary has joined the celebrations as an editorial partner and sponsor for the official History of Parliament Trust Vote100 commemorative album.

Chief Constable Alec Wood said: "We are delighted to be part of this project. Having a diverse workforce brings strength to the organisation and enables us to represent the communities we serve."

St James's House Founder and CEO, Richard Freed, said: "Equality is one of the most important values underpinning our society, and we are extremely excited to be producing this official commemorative album for the Trust. We are also very pleased to be working with Cambridgeshire Constabulary as one of our profiled organisations."

This publication will be distributed on a controlled-circulation basis to key figures and organisations around the world including Members of the House of Lords and House of Commons, and will be made available to the general public through book retailers including Amazon.
