```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2018
title: Murder re-appeal on 35th anniversary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Murder-re-appeal-35th-anniversary
```

We're re-appealing for information concerning the murder of a woman near Brampton in 1983.

Thirty-five years ago today (11 September) Janice Weston's body was found in a ditch near a lay-by on the northbound carriageway of the A1 close to the Brampton Hut roundabout. A post mortem examination concluded Janice died as a result of blows to the head.

Janice, 36, was living in London and was a solicitor and partner in a well-established firm. She was last seen alive at about 4.15pm at her London office the day before her body was found.

Her car, a silver Alfa Romeo Alfetta, was missing when her body was found. It was later discovered abandoned in Redhill Street, London.

Despite an extensive police investigation and a reconstruction on Crimewatch, nobody has ever been convicted of Janice's murder.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit are conducting a review of the murder, exploring new forensic opportunities and appealing for anyone with information to come forward.

Photo: Janice Weston

Assistant investigator Kelly Knibbs said: "We're now 35 years on from Janice's death, but no unsolved murder investigation is ever closed.

"We've been conducting a review of the case and are keen to hear from anyone who may have any information about what happened.

"In addition to any new information, we're also keen to speak to people who came forward during the original investigation but maybe did not tell us everything they knew, or those who spoke to Crimewatch but not directly to police."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting Op Oakmere or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
