```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man drove dangerously at speeds of up to 100mph on a country road after being involved in a road rage incident.
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2019
title: Man jailed for dangerous driving
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-dangerous-driver
```

A man drove dangerously at speeds of up to 100mph on a country road after being involved in a road rage incident.

Dash cam footage from his Hyundai Tucson showed Graham York, 44, angrily demanding the driver of a Volkswagen Golf he was following to pull over.

He accelerated along the single carriageway B1167 French Drove and tried to overtake the Golf on a bend but lost control, cleared a roadside ditch and ploughed into a field.

Police officers calculated that just before the left bend York had been travelling at 104mph.

A witness called police to the crash, which happened at about 3.20pm on 29 December, 2017. When officers spoke to York he claimed the driver had gone to get help but he was sat in the driver's seat and only soil around the driver's side door had been disturbed.

The officers also discovered York, of Backgate, Cowbit, had his driving licence revoked three years ago for medical reasons.

Today at Peterborough Crown Court, York was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison for dangerous driving and disqualified for four years.

DC Tom Nuttall, who investigated, said: "York's driving was dangerous and the consequences could have been a lot worse. He was clearly angry and not paying attention to the speed he was doing as he approached the sharp left bend.

"York is clearly not safe behind the wheel of a car and I hope this sentence will protect the public in future."
