```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A convicted burglar who admitted to another eight break-ins while in prison has been jailed for a further six years.
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2020
title: Convicted burglar admits further eight break-ins
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/convicted-burglar-admits-further-eight-break-ins
```

A convicted burglar who admitted to another eight break-ins while in prison has been jailed for a further six years.

Steven Craggs, 43, was jailed for four years in April last year (2019) after admitting three burglaries in Murrow, Kings Lynn and Swavesey.

While in prison he requested a visit from police to clear up his offending.

In interview he admitted a burglary in High Street, Yelling, between 25 and 28 December 2018 during which an Audi A3 and more than £4,000 worth of jewellery and personal belongings were stolen.

He was then linked to an attempted burglary on 5 January in High Street, Pidley, where a man sped off in an Audi A3 after he was seen smashing a rear window of a house.

Craggs was also identified as responsible for another burglary, which saw thousands of pounds worth of jewellery stolen, in High Street, Offord Cluny, on 31 December 2018 through forensic evidence found on a fluorescent jacket which had been ditched nearby.

Further forensic evidence, paired with CCTV images, placed Craggs at the scene of six other burglaries in Ely, Burwell, Huntingdon, Fulbourn and Sandy between 5 January and 11 February.

Craggs predominantly targeted jewellery and cash during the burglaries after smashing windows to get inside.

Following a burglary in Barham, Huntingdon, Craggs made off from police in the stolen A3 but ditched the car in Brick Kilns, Godmanchester, with birthday cards stolen during the offence found inside.

Craggs, of no fixed abode, was handed the sentence, which will run consecutively to his four-year term, at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (15 October) after pleading guilty to eight counts of burglary, attempted burglary and theft of a motor vehicle.

Craggs also admitted to a further ten burglaries which were taken into consideration at sentencing.

DC Neil Gibbs, who investigated, said: "This was a complex investigation and as it progressed we began to build a more complete picture of Craggs' relentless offending.

"He stole a staggering amount of jewellery and caused no end of grief during his crime spree.

"Tackling burglary is a priority for the force and we will continue to work tirelessly so that offenders like Craggs are brought to justice."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: https://bit.ly/376p7eC
