```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Tony Devlin was seen in Peterborough with the weapon
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2020
title: Man with knife caught thanks to passer-by
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tony-devlin-knife-drugs-sentencing
```

A man was found with a knife and drugs in Peterborough thanks to an eagle-eyed member of the public.

Tony Devlin, 37, of no fixed address, was spotted with the weapon on 31 January at the Bretton Centre.

Concerns were raised to the police after Devlin was seen brandishing the knife and threatening passers-by. A description of him was given to officers, who attended the scene and found Devlin.

As they approached him officers noticed Devlin throw something, but were unsure what this was.Devlin was searched and found to have a bag of cannabis on him.

A search of the nearby area was also carried out where a knife was discovered.

Devlin was consequently arrested on suspicion of possessing a class B drug and possessing a knife in a public place.

In police interview he claimed he couldn't remember much about the incident due to the drugs "he was on", but admitted the cannabis was his and for his own personal use.

Devin pleaded guilty to the two offences during a previous hearing at Cambridge Magistrates' Court.

His case was committed to Peterborough Crown Court for sentence, and today (20 April) he was sentenced to 10 months in prison.

PC Matthew Amos said: "Our praise must go to the member of the public who spotted Devlin with a knife at a busy shopping centre, and did exactly the right thing by calling the police.

"I would urge those who see people carrying knives or weapons in public to follow their example and report that to us.

"There is absolutely no excuse for carrying a knife in public and the consequences of doing so can often be devastating and end in heartbreak.

"We are working hard to tackle knife crime and continue to do all we can to take as many offensive weapons off the streets of Cambridgeshire as possible.

"The maximum penalty for an adult carrying a knife or other offensive weapons in public is four years in prison and a fine of £5,000.

Know someone who carries a weapon? Report it to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For more information about possessing a knife or an offensive weapon in public, and the laws surrounding it, visit the force website: www.cambs.police.uk/knifecrime.
