```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We are urging members of the public to report information after the car park of an end-of-life hospice in Peterborough has seen anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: Police plea as end-of-life hospice car park attracts anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Thorpe-Hall-Hospice-ASB
```

We are urging members of the public to report information after the car park of an end-of-life hospice in Peterborough has seen anti-social behaviour (ASB).

In the last month there have been several reports of anti-social and criminal behaviour at the Thorpe Hall Hospice in Thorpe Road, including cars parking up and playing loud music, nitrous oxide canisters and other litter left on the ground and drug taking including smoking cannabis.

Sue Ryder Thorpe Hall Hospice is a palliative care unit which provides care and support for people who are living with life-limiting conditions.

We have been patrolling the area and have so far carried out five stop-searches of males found at the location, as well as given out a community resolution for possession of cannabis and two fines for breaching covid restrictions.

PC Kieran Teanby, from the local neighbourhood policing team, said: "We don't need to remind people how disrespectful this behaviour is; it is affecting residents who are receiving end-of-life care, not to mention the breach of covid restrictions.

"We have been patrolling the area and have engaged with some people, however the issue is still happening. For as long as this is a problem we will continue our patrols, use the powers available to us and take positive action where appropriate."

Anyone with information about those causing the ASB, or who witnesses any suspicious behaviour, should contact us online either via www.cambs.police.uk/report or through the online webchat function https://bit.ly/2D9KFKH. Alternatively, those without access to the internet can call 101. Always call 999 if a crime is in action.
