```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two men who beat a man until he let go of his bag have been jailed for a combined total of more than eight years.
publish:
  date: 20 Nov 2017
title: Pair jailed for violent robbery
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Pair-jailed-for-violent-robbery
```

Two men who beat a man until he let go of his bag have been jailed for a combined total of more than eight years.

Liam Newell, 31, of Whitfield Close, Cambridge, kicked the victim off his bike in Campkin Road, Cambridge, at 3am on 27 May.

Newell then demanded he hand over his rucksack.

Daniel Clark, 20, of The Causeway, Bassingbourn, Royston, and another man then joined Newell and between them rained blows on the victim, kicking him and stamping on his head until he released the rucksack. At one point he was dragged along the floor.

The victim, who is in his 20s, let go of the bag, which contain some paperwork and his work uniform, and the men fled.

During the resulting police investigation, the stolen property was found in Newell's home.

Clark was arrested and admitted robbery. Newell initially denied robbery but changed his plea to guilty before trial.

Last Thursday (17 November), at Cambridge Crown Court, Newell was imprisoned for four years and nine months while Clark received three years and eight months in a youth offenders institute.

Detective Constable Lesley Sonnen said: "These men have caused the victim physical and emotional injuries and are now being punished for their actions.

"We will do all we can to bring the perpetrators of crimes to justice. I hope the sentence sends a clear message to anyone who thinks they can get away with this type of offence."

Liam Newell Daniel Clark
