```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers from Peterborough who robbed a man and left him with a broken jaw have been jailed.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021
title: Teenagers left man with broken jaw
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Leon-Holmes-and-Leam-Smith-sentencing-Jan2021
```

Two teenagers from Peterborough who robbed a man and left him with a broken jaw have been jailed.

Leon Holmes (pictured left), 20, but 19 at the time of the offence, approached his victim in the Welland skate park in the early hours of Saturday, 6 June last year (2020).

Holmes was with his 19-year-old friend, Leam Smith (pictured right), when they asked the victim for a Rizla, but when the man declined and tried to move on, Holmes grabbed him by his shoulder and demanded his wallet.

In an attempt to defend himself, the 25-year-old victim swung for Holmes but was pushed to the ground. His head was stamped on and he was repeatedly kicked while the pair emptied his pockets, taking his phone, bank card and silver bracelet.

The victim made his way home where his wife called police and was taken to hospital in an ambulance for treatment for a broken jaw.

Later that day, a friend of the victim saw videos on Snapchat of the attack on the victim, sent from the account of Holmes. These were passed to police who identified Holmes and Smith who were subsequently arrested and charged.

Holmes, of Wentworth Street in Peterborough, admitted charges of robbery and assault causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent.

He appeared at Cambridge Crown Court today (Friday 22 January) where he was sentenced to six years in prison.

DC Tom Hunt said: "This was an extremely violent attack on an innocent member of the public who has had to have a metal plate fitted in his jaw as a result of the injuries he suffered that day.

"For the sake of a phone, bank card and a bracelet, two young men are now spending a considerable part of their adulthood in prison."

Smith, formerly of Branston Rise in Welland, was also sentenced today following a separate trial for murder, for which he was handed life in prison with a minimum term of 17 years. He was sentenced to three-and-a-half years for the Welland robbery and six months for assault causing actual bodily harm (ABH), all of which will run concurrently. Read more about the murder case here https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/peterborough-murder-conviction-15jan-2020.
