```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Members of the public are being reminded to lock their cars and not leave possession on display in vehicles following a spate of thefts in Steeple Morden.
publish:
  date: 4 Nov 2020
title: Thefts from vehicles in Steeple Morden
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/steeple-morden-thefts
```

Members of the public are being reminded to lock their cars and not leave possession on display in vehicles following a spate of thefts in Steeple Morden.

Between the evening of 2 November and yesterday morning (3 November), five vehicles were broken in to in Hay Street, Church Street and Bogs Gap Lane.

A laptop, tablet, camera and purses were stolen.

Sergeant Rob Taylor from the South Cambridgeshire neighbourhood team said: "If you leave your vehicle unlocked then you are risking the contents being taken. In these incidents the offenders have managed to find and steal valuable items.

"While we are working to catch those who are responsible, please help us reduce the risk by keeping your cars locked, double checking they are locked and keeping items out of sight."

Vehicle owners are advised:

 * Ensure all doors, windows and sunroofs are closed and locked when leaving the vehicle unattended.
 * Never leave valuables in your vehicle and keep any other possessions out of sight. Remove the sat-nav and its holder and wipe away any window suction marks as these could indicate a sat-nav is stored in your vehicle.
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car as this could make it easy for a thief to sell your car.

Further crime prevention advice is available here.
