```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Lee Neacy was later linked to the crime after his DNA was found on a gardening glove he left behind
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2019
title: Burglar and two fraudsters sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Lee-Neacy-burglar-sentencing-peterborough-faith-dovey-claire-johnson
```

A burglar who used a stolen car and bank cards to buy a McDonalds was caught after being identified on CCTV.

Lee Neacy, 38, of no fixed address, targeted the house in Robert Avenue, Peterborough, on 7 June last year. He was later linked to the crime after his DNA was found on a gardening glove he left behind at the scene.

The victim, aged 68 and in poor health at the time, was asleep upstairs at the time of the burglary, which took place about 4.30am.

The man woke up around the same time to let his cat outside when he noticed his back door was open, Peterborough Crown Court heard.

He noticed his TV was missing from the wall but, in his tired state, didn't think much of it.

The victim went outside with his cat but, while in the garden, heard a noise coming from within his house.

He turned round to see a man wearing dark clothing, later identified to be Neacy, and shouted at him before Neacy ran out of the house.

Due to the man's poor health it took him a while to reach his front door and by the time he did so, Neacy had gone.

Lee Neacy

He noticed his car - a Peugeot 3008 Crossover - was missing from the driveway and the gates were wide open, the court heard.

The man went to his neighbours and woke them to ask for help as he called the police.

Officers arrived and discovered an untidy search of the house had been conducted and two mounted televisions had been taken off the walls.

The man's wallet had also been stolen, which contained his bank cards, as well as a freezer bag containing loose change.

The Peugeot was later found outside an address in Crabtree, Peterborough.

The stolen bank cards were used just half an hour later at a Morrisons garage on the A15, the court heard.

CCTV showed another woman - Claire Johnson, 50, of Ulverston Close, Paston, Peterborough - driving the stolen car with Neacy as the front passenger.

Johnson got out and used the stolen card before she got back in the car and Neacy drove away.

At 5.25am, further CCTV caught Neacy using the McDonalds drive-through in Eye before driving away in the stolen Peugeot. Neacy was identified from this footage by officers.

A third defendant - Faith Dovey, 44, of Wayside Crescent, Hampton Vale - together with Johnson - used stolen bank cards belonging to a different victim and both defendants were again caught on CCTV.

In police interview, all three defendants made no comment.

However, Neacy pleaded guilty to burglary, taking a vehicle without consent and fraud.

He was jailed for four years at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (5 February). Neacy was also disqualified from driving for one year and 237 days.

Johnson previously pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud, with Dovey admitting one count of the same charge.

Both were sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (12 February). Dovey was handed a 12-month community order, a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement and 80 hours of unpaid work.

Johnson was also sentenced to a 12-month community order, and alongside this was ordered to complete a 25-day rehabilitation activity requirement.

DC Tom Hunt, who investigated, said: "Seeing a burglar in your own home when you wake up in the middle of the night is undoubtedly terrifying.

"Neacy and his accomplices showed a complete lack of regard for the victim when they committed these crimes.

"Burglary can have a devastating impact on victims, which is why tackling it is one of our priorities. We are working hard every day to bring offenders before the courts."

For online burglary prevention advice visit www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary
