```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Peterborough burglar has been jailed for 17 months after admitting breaking into a hotel and also threatening a man with a knife.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Peterborough hotel burglar jailed for 17 months
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/William-Smith-sentencing-Oct2020
```

A Peterborough burglar has been jailed for 17 months after admitting breaking into a hotel and also threatening a man with a knife.

William Smith, 55, was arrested in June this year following reports of a man in Padholme Road with a knife.

He had become aggressive and started waving it towards a man who was cycling home from work just before 8pm on Sunday, 21 June. The victim immediately called police, along with two nearby witnesses.

Officers who were already in the area after reports of a man ripping wiper blades off a car at Pizza Hut in Carr Road, went on the search for Smith who was located in the car park of Activity World, having stuck a knife in some grass.

A search of the Police National Computer (PNC) revealed Smith was on court bail after being charged with burgling The Great Northern Hotel in Station Road on 18 June.

He was arrested and later charged with possession of a knife in a public place, criminal damage and common assault.

Smith, of no fixed address, appeared at Northampton Crown Court on Tuesday (20 October) where he was sentenced to 11 months in prison.

This was added to a six-month sentence he received in connection with a separate case in Northamptonshire for possession of a knife in a public place and a public order offence, taking his total sentence to 17 months in prison.

PC Barry Morton said: "On two separate occasion, Smith has been found in possession of a knife. While he did not use this to harm anyone, we know how often knives can be used as a weapon and cause devastation to our communities."

Anyone with information about someone who carries a knife is urged to report it to police online at https://bit.ly/2IYc9G5.
