```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A rape victim has spoken of the \u201Cheartless, soul-destroying attack\u201D that left her traumatised and suicidal."
publish:
  date: 19 Jan 2021
title: Peterborough rapist sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/peterborough-rapist-sentenced-CraigMyers-2020
```

A rape victim has spoken of the "heartless, soul-destroying attack" that left her traumatised and suicidal.

The woman from Peterborough, who cannot be named for legal reasons, fell victim to Craig Myers, who was jailed on Friday (15 January) at Peterborough Crown Court.

Myers, 20, invited her to his home in Muskham, Bretton, Peterborough, on 16 May, 2019, before forcing her trouser-shorts down and raping her in his bedroom.

She said: "Since that night I have changed. I have spent hours scrubbing my skin, trying to remove the marks that nobody sees. I couldn't speak about it to most of my family. It made me feel dirty, used and as if he had killed a part of me.

"I still struggle being alone since the heartless, soul-destroying attack. My mental health has been on a downward slope since the rape and at one point I tried to take my own life.

"I hope he never has the chance again to hurt someone the way he did me. I will never 'get over' what happened, I live with it every single day."

DC Sarah Murtagh said: "I would like to applaud the bravery of the victim. It is never easy to report an offence, but her courageous decision to do so to before attending the Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) made this result possible.

"A rape investigation is often a complex process and we are lucky to work with remarkable partner agencies, which offer vital support to victims throughout the legal process."

The victim stated that after the offence, Myers had fallen asleep but she was too scared to move.

The following day the victim returned home and told her family before calling police.

Myers was arrested but claimed he'd had no sexual contact with the victim, despite DNA evidence proving otherwise.

He later admitted charges of assault by penetration and rape and was sentenced to 54 months in a Young Offenders Institution.

If you or someone you love has suffered a serious sexual offence, there are support options available. Click here for more information.
