```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who narrowly avoided running over a toddler while drink driving has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: Drink driver almost ran over toddler
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drink-driver-almost-ran-over-toddler
```

A man who narrowly avoided running over a toddler while drink driving has been jailed.

Shaun Endersby, 45, was in his Vauxhall Astra in St Bede's Crescent, Cambridge, on 7 May at about 9pm.

He had reportedly been driving erratically around the estate before coming to a stop. However, a few minutes later he suddenly reversed at speed down the street.

A man was seen pulling his child out of the way at the last second before Endersby crashed into a wall.

Officers arrived at the scene minutes later and found him in a drunken state with a bottle of vodka in the car.

The car was also not insured and Endersby only had a provisional driving licence.

Endersby, of Spring Drive, Trumpington, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, failure to provide a specimen for analysis and driving without a licence or insurance.

He was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court last Monday (29 June) to eight months in prison and disqualified from driving for two years and four months.

PC Matthew Walshe said: "Endersby made a decision on this day to get into a car and drive while under the influence of alcohol. This could have been a very different story if the innocent man passing by hadn't been so alert to get his child out of harms way."

The force operates a dedicated, confidential hotline for members of the public to report drink or drug driving.

The hotline: 0800 032 0845 is available 24/7, and gives people the chance to supply the police with information to help reduce the number of drink or drug drivers on our roads.

For more information about drink or drug driving, the law and the dangers it can cause, visit www.cambs.police.uk/drinkdrugdriving
