```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man\u2019s bid to evade police knowing he had breached a restraining order during the Coronavirus pandemic went disastrously wrong when he was found hiding in a cupboard."
publish:
  date: 24 Jul 2020
title: Covid cupboard man sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/covid-cupboard-man-sentenced
```

A man's bid to evade police knowing he had breached a restraining order during the Coronavirus pandemic went disastrously wrong when he was found hiding in a cupboard.

Darren Allington, 38, of no known address, was handed a restraining order to run for five years on 2 March.

The order prohobited Allington from visiting his former partner's address or contacting her in any way.

However, on 10 May officers received an anonymous call to state that Allington was at the address in Wisbech.

Once police arrived at the house the woman told officers Allington was not there and allowed them to search the address.

During the search officers found Allington hiding in a cupboard.

Allington had also previously breached a restraining order against the same victim on two different occasions. The last of which, in November last year, resulted in him being handed eight months in prison and the current five-year restraining order.

After being found in the cupboard Allington was arrested. In police interview he claimed he fully understood the restraining order made by the court and was aware he had breached it.

He told officers he wanted to make sure his ex-girlfriend was "looked after" during the Covid-19 pandemic due to her existing health issues.

Yesterday (23 July) at Peterborough Crown Court he was jailed for three months after admitting breaching his restraining order at a previous hearing.

The order will remain in place.

PC Megan Thrasher, who investigated, said: "There is absolutely no excuse for breaching a restraining order, even in the midst of a global pandemic.

"Allington claimed he wanted to make sure his ex-girlfriend was looked after during the Covid-19 national health crisis, but by breaching this order and visiting her house he in fact did the opposite and put her health at serious risk.

"Restraining orders are imposed for very clear and serious reasons and I hope this case serves as a warning and highlights our dedication to safeguarding victims and bringing offenders before the courts."

Allington was sentenced at the same court yesterday (23 July) where he was handed three months in prison, with the existing restraining order remaining in place.
