```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Ahmed Sufi was found at a Cambridge flat with a \u2018man bag\u2019 containing more than \xA3350 in cash"
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2019
title: Drug dealer handed more than four years in prison
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-dealer-ahmed-sufi-court-cambridge-sentencing
```

A drug dealer was found at a Cambridge flat with a 'man bag' containing more than £350 in cash.

Ahmed Sufi, of Kings Avenue, Greenford, Middlesex, was seen inside the flat in Bermuda Terrace on 21 August 2017.

Officers carried out a warrant to search for drugs at two adjacent flats and Sufi, 30, was found in a bedroom.

The man bag, containing £364, was discovered in the same room. When it was seized Sufi told officers the bag belonged to him.

A black Nokia phone was also found which contained messages showing evidence of drug supply, including slang terms for heroin and crack cocaine.

Sufi stood trial at Norwich Crown Court from Wednesday (8 August) charged with two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

He was found guilty of the offences yesterday (12 August) and was sentenced to a total of four and a half years in prison.

DC Louisa Abbott, who investigated, said: "We're working hard to tackle drug dealing across the county.

"These substances wreak havoc on people's lives, trapping them in addiction and causing misery for communities.

"Drug dealing can often be linked to violence, intimidation and other offences, such as burglary, as people desperately try to feed their addiction.

"As this conviction highlights, there is nowhere to hide for drug dealers and those who seek to exploit the vulnerabilities of others."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report this to police online at https://www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
