```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Trainer and former detective, Kate, recalls the year she almost lost her life.
publish:
  date: 10 May 2018
title: Kate's forever thankful to donor who saved her life
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/kate-heart-transplant
```

EVERYONE knows that children are the worst for harbouring and spreading germs but Kate Hutchings never dreamed the common cold she caught would almost cost her her life.

It was just before Easter in April 2015 when 46-year-old Kate started feeling unwell. She'd caught a cold from one of the children she was caring for and despite a weekend in bed, she couldn't shift it.

With swollen ankles and also feeling faint, Kate booked herself an appointment with the doctor and was sent to hospital for an X-Ray and diagnosed with pneumonia.

Three weeks later doctors broke the news that Kate, a mother to three children now aged 12, 20 and 21, was in heart failure and would need a heart transplant.

Extremely poorly, she was transferred to Harefield Hospital in Middlesex and assessed by specialists who told her she would need a Left Ventricle Assist Device (LVAD) fitted or she could die. The virus had attacked her heart and was unrecoverable. The LVAD would assist her while she waited for a donor.

Kate underwent eight hours of open heart surgery to have the device fitted through her abdomen.

"It made me sound like a washing machine!" said Kate. "I had to learn to live with a mechanical pump. It came with a battery pack which could never be allowed to drain - you had just 90 seconds to change the battery. I wasn't allowed to get it wet and swimming and baths were out of the question. However, it kept me alive and allowed me to go home in July."

Sadly only a week later at a routine check-up Kate was told she was in morbid arrhythmia. She was admitted immediately and placed on the urgent transplant list. For the coming weeks and months Kate was almost bed bound, unable to leave her room without medical assistance. She was having up to 40 heart attacks a day.

"After a few weeks I asked the hospital staff to turn off the alarm on the heart monitors," she said. "I didn't want to know when I was having an attack. I needed to stay positive and believe I would pull through.

"I was asked to write letters to my children, my husband and my family but I couldn't do it. I couldn't say goodbye like that."

Kate was warned that while a heart may be found for her, it might not be suitable and it happened twice before she was found a match in September 2015.

She said: "I cannot explain what it feels like. Happiness you may live and sadness that someone has died. When they told me the third one was a match, I'm sure it was harder for my family. I just wanted to get it over with but they had to wait and wonder."

The surgery took six hours and Kate passed away on the table but doctors were able to revive her. She woke up three days later in intensive care, smiling that she could hear her heartbeat.

Kate had more hardship to come when her kidneys went into shock and she needed dialysis and it would be a waiting game to see if they would recover. A few days later the pacing wires were removed from her heart and Kate's heart was working on its own.

In December 2015 Kate was able to return home in time for Christmas with her family.

She said: "People ask if I will forget my donor. The simple answer is I carry them with me always and I am forever grateful. I'm thankful to my donor and their family. It's incredible, it's given me my life, my children and my husband and my life back. You can't put into words what that means."

Kate underwent a long physical and mental recovery process, building up her strength and coming to terms with what had happened to her.

Kate started her career in the Royal Air Force and went on to become a detective in Child Abuse Investigation Command with the Metropolitan Police. After having her third child she studied for a BA Honours in Education and in June last year she started working, alongside her husband Andrew, as a trainer across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire.
