```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A charity car wash at Sawston Police Station raised more than \xA3300."
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2019
title: Car wash raises hundreds for charity
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sawston-carwash-2019
```

A charity car wash at Sawston Police Station raised more than £300.

Members of the South Cambs Neighbourhood Policing Team, Deputy Chief Constable Jane Gyford and Cambs Youth Panel washed 22 cars and served up burgers and hot dogs to members of the public as part of the event on Saturday (17 August).

The team's first customer was former Sawston police officer Rob MacDonald who left the force in 1995 after 31 years of service.

Sgt Emma Hilson, from the South Cambs Neighbourhood Team, said: "We had a busy day raising money for a great cause while also meeting members of our community. Children and their parents got to try on some uniform and check out the police car sirens while we polished their wheels."

Cambs Youth Panel, an active citizenship youth group, are raising money to bring students from the Marjory Stoneman Douglad High School in Florida over to England.

The Parkland High School was the scene of a tragic shooting in February 2018 which took the lives of 15 students and two members of staff.

The group hope to fund the airfares of eight students and two chaperones to visit the UK for a two week stay. They have invited them to speak about the long term effect the incident had on their community and the overall impact of serious violence and weapons in schools.
