```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A prisoner at HMP Peterborough has been handed a further six years in prison after he threw boiling water at a fellow inmate\u2019s face."
publish:
  date: 29 Apr 2020
title: Prisoner attacked inmate with boiling water
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Prisoner-attacked-inmate-boiling-water
```

A prisoner at HMP Peterborough has been handed a further six years in prison after he threw boiling water at a fellow inmate's face.

Mark O'Reilly, 29, was jailed for nine years at Cambridge Crown Court in 2014 after he admitted to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm earlier that year.

On 5 December last year, the night before he was due to be released on licence after serving half of his sentence, he launched an attack on the man, who is in his 20s.

O'Reilly approached the man, who was playing pool, with a kettle full of boiling water and threw the contents at his face before being detained by prison staff.

In interview he told officers he had borrowed the kettle from another prisoner and had overreacted to something the victim said.

The victim suffered life-changing injuries and no longer has full use of his right eye.

O'Reilly appeared at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (28 April) for sentencing after he pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent at a previous hearing.

In addition to a further six years in prison, which will run alongside the remainder of his current nine-year sentence, O'Reilly will be placed on licence for four years after his release from prison, meaning he must adhere to strict conditions, otherwise he will return to prison for the remainder of the licence period.

DC Peter Hume said: "O'Reilly was already behind bars for a serious attack and this incident proves he still isn't ready to be released back into society.

"The victim has been left scarred for life, both physically and mentally, as a result of O'Reilly's actions."
