```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A woman from Peterborough has been ordered to pay \xA34,000 compensation to a woman whose teeth she knocked out with a glass."
publish:
  date: 22 Sep 2020
title: "Woman ordered to pay \xA34,000 compensation after pub brawl"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Lauren-Jones-sentencing
```

A woman from Peterborough has been ordered to pay £4,000 compensation to a woman whose teeth she knocked out with a glass.

Lauren Jones, 27, was involved in a fight at The Harrier pub in Gunthorpe on 24 August 2018, when she threw a pint glass at her 26-year-old victim.

Police were told how an argument over a phone charger had become heated between two women and several other women became involved.

In the heat of the argument, Jones threw a Stella Artois pint glass at one of the women who was trying to shield her friend from the commotion.

The glass hit her in the mouth, knocking out some of her teeth which required several sessions of treatment to correct, amounting to more than £2,600.

PC Matt Reed said: "Jones' behaviour on the night of the offence was disgraceful, which she accepts and has shown remorse for.

"Her actions were extremely dangerous and although they resulted in the victim needing extensive surgery to her teeth, the consequences could have been a whole lot worse."

Jones, of Gunthorpe Road in Gunthorpe, admitted causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) without intent and was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for two years, at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (18 September).

She was also ordered to pay £4,000 in compensation to the victim, as well as a £140 victim surcharge. Jones must also carry out 120 hours of unpaid work and complete a 50-day Rehabilitation Activity Requirement (RAR).
