```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Six homes have been raided by police across South Cambridgeshire.
publish:
  date: 18 May 2020
title: Officers send warning to drug dealers with six warrants across South Cambridgeshire
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/six-warrants-may
```

Six homes have been raided by police across South Cambridgeshire.

Class A and B drugs, cash, mobile phones and other drug paraphernalia have been seized and a number of arrests made as officers send a warning to communities and drug dealers that drug dealing is not welcome.

On Friday officers from the St Neots Neighbourhood Team raided two homes in Howitt's Gardens and Loves Way.

At the Loves Way address they recovered class A drugs worth around £30k and more than £4k in cash. Two men and a woman were arrested for offences including possession with intent to supply class A drugs and supplying controlled drugs.

Meanwhile in Cambridge, officers from the City South Neighbourhood Team executed a warrant in Headford Close. Class A drugs, mobile phone, cash and other drug paraphernalia were seized. Two men aged 47 and 51 are due to be interviewed voluntarily in connection with the incident.

Later that afternoon, officers from the City North Neighbourhood Team paid a visit to a flat in Minerva Way where cannabis was found.

On Saturday the City North Team were back in Tweedsmuir Court where they seized more class A drugs and a 29-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

Elsewhere in Cambourne, officers from the South Cambs Neighbourhood Team entered a property and a crime has been raised for possession of cannabis.

Chief Inspector Nick Skipworth said: "Drugs can affect people's health but also cause a financial strain, sometimes leading users to commit other crimes. Dealers and organised criminals also resort to violence to maintain their positions and recover debts. This can profoundly affect the lives of those caught up and sometimes unconnected members of the public.

"Our Geographic and Impact neighbourhood teams are committed to taking the front foot in tackling local organised crime and drug dealing."

We all have a role to play in keeping our local areas safe from drug dealing. If you suspect drug dealing at a house or in your area, please report to us online or call us on 101, You don't have to tell us your name, just what you have seen.
