```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who stabbed two people at a Cambourne pub after losing a game of pool has been jailed for a minimum of X years.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2018
title: Man sentenced for Cambourne murder
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-sentenced-Cambourne-murder
```

A man who stabbed two people at a Cambourne pub after losing a game of pool has been jailed for a minimum of 26 years.

Kai Nazir, 20, was at the Monkfield Arms in the High Street on 27 October last year, when at about midnight he was challenged to a game of pool by a man he did not know.

After Nazir lost, he stabbed the man, who is in his 20s, to the chest. He was confronted and restrained by the victim's friends, before managing to escape.

In the pub's carpark, Nazir was confronted by three of the victim's friends, including Chris West, 30, from Cambourne. Nazir stabbed Mr West multiple times to the back and chest before being punched to the ground by another man.

Paramedics were unable to save Mr West and he died at the scene. Nazir and the first victim were taken to hospital for treatment.

Nazir was released shortly afterwards, but the first victim was transferred to Papworth Hospital with life threatening injuries. He underwent surgery and spent several weeks in hospital before making a recovery.

Nazir, of The Crescent, St Neots, was found guilty of murder, attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place on 19 July.

Today (10 September) at Cambridge Crown Court he was given a life sentence.

Photo: Kai Nazir

In a statement Chris's family said: "Today's sentence marks the beginning of the end of a truly horrendous period in all our lives.

"Chris had his life tragically cut short in October last year in a brutal and unprovoked attack, the impact of which has been devastating for us and his friends.

"The events of that night will haunt and live with Dan forever, not only in his memory but in the physical scars he now bears from the injury that so nearly killed him. Dan lost a close friend who died trying to do the right thing; he now has the guilt of being the person that lived.

"Time will never make this injustice any easier, nor will it change the fact Chris's life was cut short just as it was getting started.

"The sense of loss and grief that we all personally feel is as nothing when compared to the sense of sorrow we feel for Chris, who, as a result of this needless act, will never be able to achieve his goals and fulfil his potential.

"We and his friends will always remember Chris for his good humour, kindness, big heart, selflessness, moral compass and compassion, which made him an integral part of all our lives. He will always be in our memories.

"We are all grateful for the judge's words and believe justice has been done in the eyes of the law. However, no sentence can undo something that should never have been done and no sentence will ever be long enough to compensate for the loss and effect this horrific incident has had.

"We would like to acknowledge, and are grateful for, all of the acts of kindness we have received from friends and the wider community. At a time of such sadness and grief, it has been heart-warming to feel the community come together to support the families.

"We would like to thank all the many people who came forward to the police and took to the stand to ensure justice could be done. We will always appreciate all of those people who were there that night, experiencing this tragic event and doing what they could to help. We're also grateful to the emergency services who did everything they could to save Chris and who managed to save Dan's life.

"Lastly, we would like to thank the police and the legal team for working as hard as they have, for being there throughout this difficult period and ensuring a dangerous criminal is now behind bars."

Detective Inspector Lucy Thomson, from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit, said: "Speaking to the family and friends of Mr West and reading their statements has been truly heart-breaking. A man in the prime of his life was suddenly, and viciously, taken from them. I know their lives will never be the same again.

"This case once again demonstrates the dangers of carrying a knife and the potentially tragic consequences of doing so. I would urge anyone who knows someone who carries a knife to report it. You could save a life."

Anyone who knows someone who carries a knife can report it by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
