```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary have supported a national week of action to reduce metal theft and waste crime.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: Rural crime team tackle metal thefts
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/metal-theft-week-of-action-2020
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary have supported a national week of action to reduce metal theft and waste crime.

The force's Rural Crime Action Team visited scrap metal dealers and vehicle dismantlers in an effort to reduce the number of thefts across the county.

The week of action, coordinated by British Transport Police, ran from 12 October and focused on prevention, education and enforcement.

Throughout the week the team visited heritage sites including Wimpole Hall, Burghley Estate and Cambridge American Cemetery providing crime prevention advice and continued reassurance.

They joined forces with Huntingdonshire District Council to target vehicles transporting waste along the A428 corridor, stopping 12 vehicles to check their waste carrier licences. Two were given instructions to produce the licence.

The week culminated with a day of enforcement in partnership with Essex Police, Hertfordshire Police, the National Vehicle Crime Intelligence Service, DVLA, DVSA, the Environment Agency, South Cambridgeshire District Council and Ringway and Highways England targeting travelling criminality on the M11 and A505 on the borders of Cambridgeshire, Essex and Hertfordshire.

Throughout the day:

 * 38 vehicles including trailers, caravans and construction machinery were stopped and examined
 * 42 drivers prosecuted for speeding
 * One reported for driving without a licence
 * 65 drivers reported for no tax
 * Two drivers reported for no MOT
 * Three drivers reported for no licence and their vehicles seized
 * One vehicle and one trailer recovered for serious roadworthiness defects
 * One stolen car seized
 * Three people arrested, two for theft of fuel and one for being wanted on warrant

Sergeant Craig Flavell said: "This week of action is part of a continued effort by the force and partners to target issues that affect our rural communities including travelling criminality.

"We can't be everywhere but we could be anywhere and, on this occasion, targeting those on our county borders."
