```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The man was chased down the street in broad daylight with the axe
publish:
  date: 5 Jan 2021
title: Axe attacker handed eight years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Umran-Araf-axe-attack-sentencing
```

A man attacked a visitor to his home with an axe and then set his dogs on him in an "horrific and nightmarish" assault.

Umran Araf, 37, of Dunsberry, Bretton, Peterborough, was visited by the victim on the afternoon of 18 June last year so the man could collect a cheque for some compensation he had been awarded.

The man sat on a sofa in the lounge and initially Araf was calm. However, Araf then went to get a drink and returned wielding an axe and proceeded to attack the victim.

Araf struck the man with the axe twice across the head, causing a cut to the top of his head and above his left eye. Araf then struck him with the axe again on his right elbow.

The man got up and attempted to flee, but not before two dogs in the house also attacked him. Araf watched as the dogs bit the man on the waist as he escaped via the front door.

The victim ran along the street screaming for help and was chased by Araf, who was still wielding the axe, and the two dogs.

Two members of the public called the police and Araf stopped chasing, retrieved his two dogs and returned to his house. The man collapsed in the street and was supported by members of the public who called paramedics.

Araf was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder later on that afternoon in Peterborough.

Officers recovered the axe from the house and the victim was taken to Peterborough City Hospital. He was left with multiple cuts to his forehead, left leg and right arm. He also suffered puncture wounds to his abdomen as a result of the dog bites.

In police interview, Araf answered "no comment" to all questions and showed no remorse. He was later charged with assault occasioning grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent and possessing a bladed article in a public place.

Araf denied the charges and stood trial at Peterborough Crown Court for two days from 21 October. Jurors retired on the morning of 23 October and took just one hour to return guilty verdicts on both charges.

He was sentenced at the same court yesterday (4 January), where he was handed a total of eight years in prison.

DC Colin Avis said: "This was an horrific and nightmarish assault. I have no doubt the victim seriously feared for his life as he was attacked with an axe, had dogs set on him and was chased down the street.

"This attack took place in broad daylight in a residential area close to a primary school and at the time many pupils and parents were walking home.

"It could have so easily proved fatal and this case shows why we take possessing an offensive weapon so seriously. I would like to thank those who came to the man's aid when he needed it most after collapsing in the street."

Anyone who knows someone who carries a knife or offensive weapon can report it here or anonymously, via Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or http://www.crimestoppers-uk.org/
