```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A knife arch and knife amnesty bin were put in place and patrols were also carried out
publish:
  date: 22 Aug 2019
title: Crackdown on knife crime in Cambridge
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/crackdown-knife-crime-cambridge
```

Police have carried out further work to crackdown on knife crime in Cambridge with a knife arch put in place and patrols in the city last night (August 21).

Officers from the Southern Community Action Team (CAT) visited Cambridge Leisure Park where the arch was set up in a bid to deter people from carrying knives or other offensive weapons.

A knife amnesty bin was also placed at the leisure park for those wanting to dispose of knives or other weapons without fear of prosecution.

A total of 130 people went through the knife arch, but no knives or weapons were found or placed in the amnesty bin.

The work carried out by the CAT supports efforts to tackle serious street based violence (SSBV), a force priority aimed at preventing young people from carrying weapons or becoming victims of criminal exploitation.

SSBV focuses on violence that is specifically street based; it does not include all violence and does not cover offending linked to domestic abuse or the night-time economy.

Superintendent Jon Hutchinson said: "While there were no arrests and no knives recovered, we will not be complacent in our efforts to tackle knife crime and serious street based violence in the county.

"We are working hard to do this, but we cannot do it alone. SSBV is still happening in Cambridgeshire, and carrying a knife or weapon in public has a way of getting you into more danger than the weapons can ever protect you from.

"We're now nearing the end of the school summer holidays and I'd like to issue a fresh plea to parents to talk to their children about carrying weapons and the risks associated with doing so.

"It is vital that if anyone knows someone who carries a weapon, they report it to us so we can act on it and build up intelligence.

"Your information will help us more than you think. You could even save a life."

The maximum penalty for an adult carrying a knife is four years in prison and a fine of £5,000.

 It is illegal to:

- sell a knife of any kind to anyone under 18 years old.

- carry a knife in public without good reason - unless it's a knife with a folding blade three inches long (7.62 cm) or less, eg a Swiss Army knife

- carry, buy or sell any type of banned knife

- use any knife in a threatening way (even a legal knife, such as a Swiss Army knife)

Know someone who carries a weapon? Please help us tackle serious street based violence and report it to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Always call 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For more information about knife and gun crime visit the page on the force website.
