```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Chief Constable Nick Dean has issued a comment regarding travel of NHS workers.
publish:
  date: 12 Apr 2020
title: Comment from Chief Constable on NHS worker travel
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Chief-NHS-worker-travel-comment
```

Chief Constable Nick Dean has issued the below comment regarding travel of NHS workers.

"There are reports circulating on social media that officers are stopping NHS staff on their way to or from work at Addenbrooke's hospital. This morning we have spoken to Addenbrooke's and have confirmed these reports date back to early April or even prior to that.

"It is inevitable that officers going about their daily business will stop and speak to our colleagues across the health service; we as Cambridgeshire Constabulary have had nothing but support from right across the health sector, as every police service has experienced, right across the country.

"We have shown our support at events such as the Clap for Carers and only last week we again showed our utmost admiration for those tackling Coronavirus at the front line. We are all united in our support to stop the spread of the virus and to save lives.

"NHS staff carry ID cards and that is more than sufficient to show who they are and why they are travelling - we are very clear that we support our NHS. This Easter weekend is about us all working together at this critical time and not being diverted by stories which lose sight of the devastating effects this virus causes; it affects everyone and we, like every other police service, are determined to support the fight against this virus.

"We have reminded our officers of the guidelines, as we have done continually throughout this evolving situation, and I ask that you help us in saving lives and supporting our fantastic NHS by staying at home."
