```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar who terrified a Peterborough family by entering their home wearing a balaclava and wielding an axe got more than he bargained for.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: Burglar wrestled and disarmed by brave victim
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Burglar-wrestled-and-disarmed-by-brave-victim
```

A burglar who terrified a Peterborough family by entering their home wearing a balaclava and wielding an axe got more than he bargained for.

Scott Burchett, 42, knocked on the front door of a property in The Dell, Woodston, with an accomplice on 26 February and was let in by a child.

The terrified child raised the alarm by alerting his father, a man in his 30s, who was in the property. The man rushed to the front door, where Burchett demanded cash.

After saying there was no money in the house Burchett swung the axe in the victim's direction, but he blocked the attack and the pair began grappling on the floor. The accomplice kicked the victim to the body while the pair were wrestling, before leaving the property.

Burchett and the victim continued to grapple until the man managed to disarm him. As the struggle continued the accomplice returned to the scene and threw some gravel at the victim. Burchett managed to break free, but as he went to flee the victim pulled off his balaclava.

The pair fled before police arrived, but DNA testing on the balaclava left at the scene provided a positive match for Burchett.

Burchett, of Wayside Crescent, Hampton Vale, Peterborough, admitted a charge of aggravated burglary.

Yesterday (19 October) at Peterborough Crown Court he was sentenced to six years and two months in prison.

DC Pete Wise said: "The victim in this case has to be applauded for showing great bravery and a desire to protect his family. Not only did he disarm Burchett, but his quick thinking in removing the balaclava also provided crucial evidence.

"I hope the conclusion of the court proceedings will allow the family to draw a line under what has happened and move on with their lives."
