```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "We have arrested thirteen people and seized drugs worth more than \xA3200,000 as part of targeted action to tackle county lines drug dealing in Cambridgeshire."
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2021
title: "13 arrests and more than \xA3200k of drugs seized during targeted action"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/countylines-woa-feb2021
```

We have arrested thirteen people and seized drugs worth more than £200,000 as part of targeted action to tackle county lines drug dealing in Cambridgeshire.

Over a two-week period (18 February-1 March) officers executed warrants and carried out targeted patrols in Peterborough, Cambridge, Huntingdon and London to track those responsible for running the deal lines.

They seized drugs including crack cocaine, heroin and cannabis with a street value of more than £218,000, as well as cash, mobile phones and other drug paraphernalia.

Seven weapons have also been taken off the streets including a gas-powered pistol, sawn off shotgun, two machetes, knuckle duster and large knife.

Eight people have since been charged with offences around the supply of class A drugs, possession of weapons and human trafficking.

The force has also referred three people to the National Referral Mechanism (NRM) as potential victims of exploitation.

Detective Chief Inspector Chris O'Brien who lead the operation said: "Drug networks, and in particular county lines, bring a whole host of criminality to our county, including violence and exploitation.

"Our efforts over these two weeks and beyond reflects our commitment to tackling county lines and protecting the most vulnerable people in our communities, in particular those at risk of exploitation.

"However, we cannot tackle this issue alone and we need the public to help us by reporting suspicious drug activity and identifying those who are being exploited."

If you suspect someone is at risk of exploitation, you can report it to us. You don't have to tell us your name, just what you have seen.
