```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We are urging the public to be vigilant following a recent spate of thefts.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2019
title: Public urged to be vigilant following spate of thefts
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Public-urged-vigilant-following-spate-thefts
```

We are urging the public to be vigilant following a recent spate of thefts.

The warning comes after five robberies have been reported throughout Cambridge since 6 November.

Further details of the incidents are below.

 * At about 4.15pm on Wednesday, 6 Novembver, a 24-year-old man was walking along Coltsfoot Close in Fulbourn when he was tapped on the shoulder by a man on a bike and had his phone snatched by a second.
 * At about 4.15pm the following day a 12-year-old boy was walking along Cherry Hinton Road in Cambridge when a group of four boys took his phone.
 * At about 4.50pm the same day a 19-year-old man was walking along St. Matthews Street in Cambridge when two men cycled up to him and snatched his phone.
 * Just over two hours later a 27-year-old woman was walking along Long Road, Cambridge, when a man cycled up to her and snatched her phone from her hands.
 * At about 7pm on Friday, 8 November, a 17-year-old boy was approached on a footpath between Byron Square and Foster Road by three men on bikes. The men demanded the victim handed over his expensive earphones but fled after being spooked by passers-by.

DI Mike Barnshaw said: "All the reports have come while victims are out walking during hours of darkness, with thieves brazenly snatching devices from their hands in most cases.

"If you are out walking be alert and aware of your surroundings and consider installing a tracking app on your device as this can help us find it if it's stolen."

More advice is available on the force's website.

Anyone who sees any suspicious behaviour is asked to report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report or call police on 101.
