```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who pulled out into the path of an oncoming vehicle on a dual carriageway in Linton has been jailed for causing death by dangerous driving.
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: Man jailed for causing death by dangerous driving in Linton
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-causing-death-by-dangerous-driving-in-linton
```

A man who pulled out into the path of an oncoming vehicle on a dual carriageway in Linton has been jailed for causing death by dangerous driving.

Radu Ion, 42, left his place of work, at Dalehead Foods, in his black Volkswagen Passat, about 9.15pm on Friday, 13 July 2018.

Four of Ion's colleagues were passengers in his car and he was about to begin driving them home when he attempted to exit the factory site and join the A1307 near Linton.

However, he failed to notice an oncoming blue Audi who crashed into the back of his car as a result.

One of Ion's back seat passengers, Mitica Baiculescu, 50, from London Road, Ipswich, suffered fatal injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene.

The passenger in Ion's back middle seat, a 49-year-old woman, suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital. She has since made a full recovery.

Ion, his other two passengers, and the driver of the Audi, a man, suffered minor injuries.

Ion, of Bulstrode Road, Ipswich, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. He was sentenced to 21 months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (7 September). He was also disqualified from driving for two years.

**PC Rochelle Eves said** : "Ion failed to stop or give way whilst emerging onto the A1307 at about 16mph. He didn't notice the presence of the Audi, despite it being in view and in a close proximity.

"This case highlights the responsibility drivers have when behind the wheel and how just one lapse in judgement can ruin lives forever.

"I hope the sentencing gives Mr Baiculescu's family some measure of closure and reminds motorists of the need to be alert and vigilant at all times whilst on the road."
