```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A drug addict who stole a vulnerable woman\u2019s purse in Peterborough has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 7 May 2020
title: Drug addict snatches purse from vulnerable woman
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-addict-snatches-purse-from-vulnerable-woman
```

A drug addict who stole a vulnerable woman's purse in Peterborough has been jailed.

Dale Cunnah, 29, walked past the victim as she drove her mobility scooter along Wellington Street, at about 11.30am on 2 April.

He stopped her and asked for a cigarette, which she lit and gave to him, before he turned and walked off.

Before the victim could leave he stopped her once more, claiming the cigarette was no longer lit.

She offered to re-light it for him, but before she could, he shouted "I don't want the cigarette, I want that handbag."

Cunnah snatched the bag from the victim, causing a minor injury to her hand, and ran off in the direction of Kesteven Walk.

Two days later Cunnah was arrested by officers in Peterborough in relation to a prison recall offence.

While in custody, Cunnah made a full admission to the robbery, claiming he needed the money to fuel his drug habit. He said he was desperate and felt bad about what he had done.

On Friday (1 May) Cunnah was jailed for 30 months at Peterborough Crown Court.

PC Nicole Killgallon said: "This incident has understandably left the victim shaken.

"Although Cunnah did come forward and apologise, he has to be held accountable for his crimes.

"He will now spend a considerable amount of time in prison re-thinking his actions."
