```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Designated drivers are being offered free soft drinks from some of Cambridgeshire\u2019s licenced establishments during the FIFA World Cup 2018."
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2018
title: "\u2018I\u2019m DES\u2019 campaign to return during FIFA World Cup 2018"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Im-DES-Summer-2018
```

Designated drivers are being offered free soft drinks from some of Cambridgeshire's licenced establishments as part of the annual summer drink drive campaign during the FIFA World Cup 2018 from next week.

Police licensing officers have teamed up with a number of licensed venues to run the campaign during the World Cup period (14 June to 15 July) to provide free draught soft drinks to designated drivers all day on match days, all they need to do is ask for an 'I'm DES' wristband from a member of bar staff.

The county-wide initiative, instigated by the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Road Safety Partnership (CPRSP), has been put in place to encourage drivers to not have any alcoholic drinks at all.

PC Jon Morris, Casualty Reduction Officer for Cambridgeshire Constabulary, said: "Any amount of alcohol affects your ability to drive so we are asking people to do one or the other. We advise if you're drinking, even just one, don't drive and arrange an alternative way of getting home.

"To support designated drivers throughout the World Cup, when pubs and bars are likely to be busier, we will be promoting the 'I'm DES' campaign across Peterborough, Huntingdonshire and Cambridge which allows unlimited draught soft drinks for designated drivers."

A total of 64 games will take place across 32 days, supporters, friends and families will come together at home and in pubs and bars to support the matches, sometimes while consuming varying quantities of alcohol.

While the vast majority of people wouldn't dream of getting behind the wheel straight after drinking, awareness of the risk of driving the morning after drinking is much lower, therefore the summer campaign will not only discourage getting behind the wheel after consuming alcohol through the I'm DES scheme, but will educate people on the risk of driving the morning after.

Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service Commander Kevin Andrews, who is also the Chair of the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Road Safety Partnership (CPRSP), said: "The World Cup is a special event and we want everyone to enjoy the action, whether that's at home celebrating with friends or at one of the many venues screening matches.

"When making plans to watch the games, please ensure you include safe ways to get home, especially if consuming alcohol. People often make the mistake of driving the morning after, but will still have alcohol in their system, making them over the limit to drive.

"If you are planning to drink and watch a match during the World Cup, please think before getting behind the wheel, even the morning after a game. Seek alternative transport or arrange for a designated driver to be part of the group.

"On behalf of the CPRSP, I would like to thank all the venues who have agreed to take part in the 'I'm DES' scheme this summer, with their support we are helping to keep our county's roads a safer place."

To get your 'I'm DES' wristband, simply ask a member of bar staff at the participating venues.

Here in Cambridgeshire we have a designated, confidential hotline number for members of the public to report drink drivers and those driving under the influence of drugs.

Calling 0800 032 0845 is available 24/7, and allows people to supply the police with information to help reduce the number of drink drivers on our roads.

More information about drink driving, the law and the dangers can be found on Cambridgeshire Constabulary's website here - www.cambs.police.uk/drinkdrugdriving.
