```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: As National Hate Crime Awareness week 2020 drew to a close over the weekend, the team have had time to reflect on a successful week with a difference.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: Hate Crime Awareness Week a great success in challenging times
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hate-crime-awareness-week-a-great-success-in-challenging-times
```

**As National Hate Crime Awareness week 2020 drew to a close over the weekend, the team have had time to reflect on a successful week with a difference.**

Hate Crime Awareness Weeks gone by have traditionally been marked with an event at Cambridgeshire Constabulary HQ in Huntingdon. Empowering, informative speeches and a vol-au-vent or two amongst like-minded people has always been the order of the day.

However, with the arrival of Covid-19, this year's event had to take a slightly different, but no less informative form.

Rather than holding a physical event, Chief Constable, Nick Dean, and Police and Crime Commissioner, Ray Bisby, along with hate crime lead, Detective Constable Tiff Lane and the team, held a virtual roundtable event, which saw community representatives from across Cambridgeshire join together via Microsoft Teams to talk about hate crime and discuss areas of concern.

There were delegates from a number of organisations and communities in attendance, including Little People UK, the Hindu Temple, The Joint Mosque Council and Voiceability, to name but a few.

**A message from the Police and Crime Commissioner**

Opening the event, PCC, Ray Bisby, said: "Targeting someone based on their race, religion, sexual orientation, disability, transgender status or any other such characteristic goes completely against the values that our way of life is built on here in the UK.

"Part of my role is to represent the fears and concerns of the communities living within the county. This includes making sure there is wider understanding of the impact hate crime has on individuals and the wider community.

"The We Stand Together: Hate Crime Awareness Roundtable, hosted by the Chief Constable and myself provides an opportunity to listen to moving first hand experiences of hate crime and how individuals and communities are affected. I will continue to work with religious and community leaders to address the concerns raised."

**A message from the Chief Constable**

Chief Constable, Nick Dean, then said a few words: "The very foundation of policing is built on the relationships we build with our communities and neighbourhoods.

"Hate Crime Awareness Week gives us the opportunity to talk openly with our communities and shine a light on this often-underreported crime.

"But our work must go beyond this evening and this week as we look to challenge beliefs and attitudes and prevent hate crimes within our communities.

"We want to share the message that we will all stand together to say no to hate crime and stand united as a strong and safe Cambridgeshire."

**The importance of reporting**

Next up was a presentation from DC Tiff Lane, who explained why it's so important to report hate crimes.

She said: "Every day people are attacked and harassed because they are perceived by others as being different.

"Current legislation covers five protected characteristics under hate crime, these are race, religion, disability, sexuality and trans gender status.

"However, just because you don't fit the five categories, doesn't mean you can't be a victim of hate. When we investigate targeted abuse of any kind, we follow the same guidelines to take the case to court and prove that there's an aggravating factor.

"Hate can be in any crime from assaults and physical abuse to online and verbal abuse. Anything where the victim is targeted because of a certain characteristic.

"Hate crimes are hugely underreported. Victims often just put up with hate or don't even realise they are the victim of a crime. Sometimes people feel they shouldn't bother the police with such issues.

"By coming forward to report hate crimes, you enable us to build up a picture and direct our resources where they're needed most. We're also able to offer vital support to victims."

**Support for victims of hate crimes**

Finally, head of the force's Victim and Witness Hub, Steve Welby, took a few moments to explain how the force is there for victims.

He explained the resources available for victims of crime and how the force can offer advice and support.

For more on the Victim and Witness Hub, visit: https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Victims-and-Witnesses/Victim-and-Witness-Hub

**To conclude … **

After the presentations, the floor was opened up so the different community members could ask questions and spark discussion.

Despite the challenges this year has presented, the team were keen to spread the word and unite the communities of Cambridgeshire in the fight against hate crimes.

As part of the week, there were many other activities across the county, led by partner agencies and organisations including number of online discussions and Q&A sessions. DC Tiff Lane took part in one such event with Fenland District Council, you can watch it here.

For support and to report hate, visit: https://bit.ly/3ltP5N0
