```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A five-month old boy was assaulted by one his parents while the other failed to protect him after frustrations boiled over as they struggled to adjust to life with a baby.
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2020
title: Baby boy assaulted by parents
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Baby-boy-assaulted-by-parents
```

A five-month old boy was assaulted by one his parents while the other failed to protect him after frustrations boiled over as they struggled to adjust to life with a baby.

The parents, who are both from East Cambridgeshire and in their 20s but cannot be named, attended a routine appointment to check the baby's weight and general health in November 2018.

A health professional expressed concerns about bruising to the child's face and a bloodshot eye. The parents suggested this was because he had scratched his eye and as a result of moving around in his cot.

The health worker insisted they attend Addenbrooke's Hospital so additional assessments could be made and the parents agreed. A referral was also made to children's social care.

Following assessment at hospital it was established the child had bruising to his face, a haemorrhage to his eye and a number of fractured ribs.

The child was taken into the care of the local authority and both parents arrested. In interview they continued to deny any wrongdoing and maintained the injuries were self-inflicted or caused by other implausible means. They were unable to provide any rational explanation.

Information downloaded from their mobile phones revealed messages from the mother detailing her frustrations at a lack of sleep and the amount the child was crying. Two messages threatened physical violence with one stating she would "smash his head against the side of the cot" if things didn't improve.

Reports compiled by medical experts concluded the injuries were not self-inflicted, there was no evidence of bone weakness and the fractures would have required significant force to occur.

Both parents were charged, and later admitted, assaulting or ill-treating a child to cause unnecessary suffering or injury.

Today (17 December) at Cambridge Crown Court the mother was sentenced to 18 months in prison, suspended for 18 months, and ordered to complete 25 days of rehabilitation activity requirement. The father was handed a 12-month community order and ordered to complete 20 days rehabilitation activity requirement.

The child remains in the care of extended family by court order.

Detective Sergeant Tom Rogers said: "Sleep deprivation and increased stress are common factors when parenting, but to let those frustrations turn into physical abuse is unforgiveable.

"I'd like to commend the actions of the healthcare professionals and also urge anyone who is concerned for the welfare of a child to report it. We all have a responsibility to protect children in our communities.

"Thankfully this child is now in a safe environment, but things could easily have continued to spiral and been much worse if nobody had intervened."

Anyone who is concerned for the welfare of a child can report this by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk.

For more information on child protection visit Cambridgeshire Constabulary's website: www.cambs.police.uk/childprotection.
