```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A former prisoner at HMP Peterborough has been jailed for attacking a fellow inmate.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2020
title: Prisoner jailed for attacking inmate
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prisoner-jailed-for-attacking-inmate
```

A former prisoner at HMP Peterborough has been jailed for attacking a fellow inmate.

Jimmy Rabbeth, 21, assaulted the victim, a man in his 30s, inside the prison on 24 February last year.

At just after 11.10am, Rabbeth, who was a serving prisoner at the time, entered the victim's cell where he was playing video games alone.

Wielding a makeshift weapon, Rabbeth quietly walked up behind the victim and used it to cut down the side of his face.

CCTV footage captured Rabbeth immediately run away following the incident and the victim was transported to Peterborough City Hospital where he was treated for a superficial 10cm injury.

Rabbeth, of Barnfield Road, Orpington, Kent, attended a voluntary interview at HMP Peterborough on 4 March last year and later pleaded guilty to assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

He was subsequently sentenced to four years in prison, extended for two years on licence, at Cambridge Crown Court on Monday (9 November).

**DC Sarah Phillips said** : "This was a violent incident which appears to have been totally unprovoked.

"While Rabbeth has not disclosed any motive behind the ordeal, I hope the sentencing highlights that incidents of this nature will be dealt with robustly.

"Thankfully the victim was not seriously harmed but dangerous actions like this will not be tolerated."
