```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2020
title: Rape Investigation Team make arrests in week of action
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rape-investigation-team-make-arrests-in-week-of-action-2020
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary's Rape Investigation Team (RIT) has targeted rape suspects across the county in a week of action.

The operations, which saw more than 10 suspected rapists arrested, and many more questioned, were launched following increased reports of rape during the lockdown period.

Between April and October, there was a 14% increase in reports of serious sexual offences, compared to the same period in 2019.

Det Insp Amerjit Singh said: "It is reassuring to see more people having the confidence to come forward and report offences. We know that a large percentage of reported incidents take place within existing friendships or relationships, or through recent introductions via dating sites and apps.

"This week of action was a truly collaborative effort, with officers of various ranks and districts working together with partners to target suspected rapists and safeguard survivors of sexual offences.

"Despite the challenges posed by the Covid-19 restrictions, we want to send a message that we are still doing everything in our power to target rapists and support victims in their time of need."

The activity last week involved more than 20 officers, who arrested and interviewed suspects in police stations across the county.

DI Singh added: "Although we're delighted to have apprehended so many suspects, our work is only just beginning. Now officers will continue their investigations in order to build the best possible case and deliver justice.

"Much credit is also due to our partner agencies, such as the Elms Sexual Assault Referral Centre, Cambridge and Peterborough Rape Crisis and the ISVA service, who work tirelessly to support victims when they need it most."

Last week the force also hosted a live Q&A session on Facebook, in which members of the public were able to voice their concerns and ask questions about the reporting process.

DI Singh said: "It was great to see so many people getting involved, both publicly and anonymously, to find out more about what we do. We know that some survivors of sexual offences feel they can't reach out to police, so this Q&A allowed us to dispel any myths and let people know that we are here for anyone who needs us. Following the success of the first Q&A we will definitely look to host similar events in the future."

If you or someone you love has suffered a serious sexual offence, you can visit cambs.police.uk/rape for more information on the support options available to you.
