```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A prolific thief has been handed a jail sentence and a two-year Criminal Behvaiour Order.
publish:
  date: 30 Sep 2020
title: Prison sentence and Criminal Behaviour Order for prolific thief
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/benjamin-hendy-cbo
```

A prolific thief has been handed a jail sentence and a two-year Criminal Behvaiour Order.

Benjamin Hendy, 38, of no fixed address, was sentenced to 50 weeks in prison and ordered to pay £3,645 in compensation at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on Monday (28 September) after pleading guilty to multiple counts of theft and stealing bicycles.

Between 21 January and 27 August, in St Neots, he stole razor blades from Waitrose worth £96, alcohol and food worth £369 from Waitrose in Priory Lane, a bottle of wine from Marks and Spencer in High Street, a drill worth £150 from B&Q and alcohol worth £120 from from Nisa in Longsands.

He also stole a bike from Westgate, Peterborough and was caught with a small flick knife, a road bike from White Hart Court, Huntingdon, two bikes from Grammar School Walk, Huntingdon and a bike from Market Hill, St Ives.

At court Hendy was also handed a two-year Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) with conditions:

 * Not to enter any Huntingdon Against Business Crime store within St Neots
 * Not to enter any Boots stores in Cambridge
 * Not to enter any TK Maxx stores in Cambridge
 * Not to enter any shop or retail premises in Cambridge within the boundary of Chesterton Road, Elizabeth Way, East Road, Gonville Place. Lensfield Road, Trumpington Road, The Fen Causeway, Newnham Road, Queens Road, Northampton Street and Chesterton Lane
 * To engage with Cambridgeshire drug/alcohol liaison services.

PC Josh Ives said: "Hendy is a prolific thief with a number of thefts, from across the county, against his name. The sentence reflects the seriousness and extent of his offending.

"Any breached of the CBO upon his release will be dealt with robustly."
