```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "When Cambridgeshire Constabulary\u2019s Chief Constable, Nick Dean, received a letter from a young man with a life-limiting condition, hoping to make his way into the Guinness Book of World Records with his collection of emergency services memorabilia he was keen to help him get there."
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: Chief Constable helps emergency services superfan with record-breaking attempt
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/chief-constable-helps-emergency-services-superfan
```

When Cambridgeshire Constabulary's Chief Constable, Nick Dean, received a letter from a young man with a life-limiting condition, hoping to make his way into the Guinness Book of World Records with his collection of emergency services memorabilia he was keen to help him get there.

John Morgan, from Cardiff in Wales, was born with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, a genetic condition that causes the muscles to waste away.

He is well-known in his local town as something of an emergency services superfan and has even featured in the local press.

John is now confined to a wheelchair, but he won't let this hold him back from reaching his ambitions.

After recently celebrating his 21st birthday, a milestone the doctors never thought he would reach, John has turned his attention to his collection of emergency services memorabilia.

He hopes to pull together a record-breaking collection, which will be recognised as the biggest in the world.

As such, John's father wrote a letter to the constabulary on his behalf, asking if Mr Dean could send through a police helmet badge to add to his collection.

Mr Dean was only too happy to oblige and wrote back to John with a shiny new badge enclosed.

John has since issued a message of thanks on social media that melted our hearts. In the video John can be seen with his letter from Mr Dean and his badge and he says "Lights, camera, action… thank you Chief Constable, Nick Dean."

Mr Dean added: "John's passion for the emergency services is wonderful and his determination and spirit is truly admirable.

"We as a constabulary were only too happy to help him on his quest to world record fame and we wish him the best of luck!"

Link to John's thank you video: https://bit.ly/2SPLNYj
