```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Mitchell Audley-Ellis brandished a knife towards his friend before going on to hit his girlfriend in the face
publish:
  date: 26 Jul 2019
title: Man sentenced for knife possession and domestic violence
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/mitchell-audley-ellis-sentencing-cambridge
```

A man who brandished a knife towards his friend of 10 years before going on to hit his girlfriend in the face has been sentenced.

Mitchell Audley-Ellis, of Gerard Close, Cambridge, was seen armed with a knife in the city at about 6pm on 24 April.

The 23 year old was seen to jump out of a car in Perne Road and 15 minutes later arrived at the home of a friend, with whom he was having a feud, in Hobart Road.

He smashed the glass to the front door before shouting for his friend to come out and fight him.

He grabbed a wheelie bin and threw it at the house before brandishing the knife and shouting and swearing.

Audley-Ellis left the house after threats were made to call the police.

He was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and making threats to kill but gave a 'no comment' interview and was released on bail.

Not long after, between the end of April and early May, Audley-Ellis became violent again, smashing his girlfriend's phone after seeing a message relating to her previous partner.

The pair had been in a relationship for five years but split up after Audley-Ellis assaulted her and was jailed for the offence.

However, the relationship was rekindled in February this year, despite a restraining order preventing Audley-Ellis from contacting her.

On 15 May, Audley-Ellis became angry with the woman again while the pair were on their way to Morrisons in Cambourne.

While the woman was driving on the A14 he became irate 'out of nowhere' and started shouting about her previous boyfriend. He told her 'you've ruined my life' before hitting her in the mouth.

Despite the woman bursting into tears he continued his tirade of abuse and smashed her car windscreen by throwing his phone at it.

The woman eventually managed to park at Morrisons but Audley-Ellis continued to shout. He punched her left arm, grabbed and twisted her ear, spat at her and slapped her to the head.

The woman managed to go inside Morrisons and asked people to call police.

Audley-Ellis was arrested and later pleaded guilty to charges including possessing a knife in a public place, using threatening words or behaviour, two counts of criminal damage, assault by beating and two counts of harassment by breaching his restraining order.

At Cambridge Crown Court on Wednesday (24 July) he was handed a 16-month prison sentence suspended for two years.

He was also handed a four-month curfew between the hours of 7.30pm-5.30am.

The restraining order initially imposed was ordered to continue, preventing Audley-Ellis from contacting his ex-partner until November 2021.

Another separate restraining order was also imposed for 12 months, preventing him from contacting anyone involved in the Hobart Road incident.

Audley-Ellis was one of many people arrested as part of a police operation in Cambridge responding to eight incidents involving knives, weapons or serious violence.

From 28 April to 24 May, officers carried out eight warrants, acted on information provided by the public and carried out additional patrols.

Officers made a total of 21 arrests as part of the work - known as Operation Dampen - and brought 27 charges against various other defendants who can't be named for legal reasons.

Detective Inspector Nick Skipworth said: "Operation Dampen has reduced the number of incidents of serious street based violence (SSBV) in Cambridge.

"A large amount of work was carried out by officers behind the scenes to identify and target individuals thought to be involved in knife crime or pressurising others to resort to it.

"These results highlight how hard we are working to tackle SSBV - the newest of our force priorities.

"However, we cannot do it alone. It is vital that if anyone knows someone who carries a weapon, they report it to us so we can act and build up intelligence.

"Your information will help us more than you think. You could even save a life."

Know someone who carries a knife or other offensive weapon? Please report it by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Always call 999 in an emergency.

For more information on knife crime visit the force website.

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247.

For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse
