```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A homeless man has been jailed for a year after burgling a house in Peterborough earlier this year.
publish:
  date: 15 Jun 2020
title: Homeless man jailed for burgling Peterborough home
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/David-Campbell
```

A homeless man has been jailed for a year after burgling a house in Peterborough earlier this year.

David Campbell, 37, admitted entering the garage attached to the home in Thorpe Road on 2 April and stealing a toolbox with contents worth about £50.

A neighbour alerted the victim to the theft after he saw Campbell cycle off from the house carrying a green toolbox, believing what he saw to be suspicious.

Police were alerted and upon reviewing CCTV of the incident, officers from the northern Impact Team identified the offender as Campbell - a known burglar.

He was seen to cycle passed the property at about 4.45pm, however a few seconds later he doubled back on himself and cycled up the victim's driveway, opened up the garage door which was already ajar, and took the toolbox from inside.

Campbell was arrested in London Road by officers from the local neighbourhood team on 21 April and was charged with burglary the following day.

Today (Monday 15 June), Campbell appeared at Peterborough Crown Court and was sentenced to 12 months in prison.

DS Shishminder Thind, from the northern burglary team, said: "This was a joint effort between the Impact, Neighbourhood and Burglary teams which led to the conviction of a known burglar.

"Burglary is a devastating crime which impacts many people in different ways. I am pleased we've managed to take Campbell off our streets and make Cambridgeshire a safer place."

Information about burglary and advice on how to best protect your home can be found on the force website here www.cambs.police.uk/burglary.
