```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the murder of a teenage girl from Peterborough have made a second arrest.
publish:
  date: 13 Sep 2020
title: Second arrest made in Bernadette Walker murder investigation
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Op-Penshaw-second-arrest
```

Detectives investigating the murder of a teenage girl from Peterborough have made a second arrest.

A woman in her 30s from Peterborough was arrested yesterday evening (Saturday 12 September) on suspicion of the murder of 17-year-old Bernadette Walker.

Bernadette was reported missing from Peterborough on 21 July by her parents after she had not been seen for three days.

Police have been carrying out enquiries and searches in an attempt to locate Bernadette, however an investigation has now been launched into her murder.

Detectives from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit declared the case a 'no-body' murder investigation on Friday (11 September).

Detective Superintendent Jon Hutchinson said: "Due to the length of time Bernadette has been missing and concerns she may have come to some harm, we made the decision to declare this a murder investigation.

"Whilst we hope we do find Bernadette alive and well, there is every possibility this may not be the case therefore my team and I will do everything possible to find out what has happened to her and bring any offenders to justice."

A man in his 50s from Peterborough who was arrested on suspicion of Bernadette's murder remains in custody.

Anyone with information on Bernadette's whereabouts or what has happened to her is urged to contact police either by using the online webchat function, or by calling 101 and quoting Operation Penshaw.
