```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A closure order has been served on a house in Paston following a mass gathering of up to 300 people last month.
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: "Paston house \u2018closed\u2019 following mass gathering"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sheepwalk-closure-order
```

A closure order has been served on a house in Paston following a mass gathering of up to 300 people last month.

The order was granted by magistrates yesterday evening (Tuesday 9 June) to close 171 Sheepwalk as a result of the gathering which saw numerous calls of service from local residents on 25 May.

Evidence was obtained and legal advice sought to serve an initial closure notice on the premises on 27 May, which closed it to anyone other than the legal occupants for 48 hours.

Following this, an application was made to Peterborough Magistrates' Court yesterday for a full closure order to be granted, which prohibits access to everyone, including the current occupants, for the next 11 weeks.

The order also covers a fast food van, known as Auntie's Pot, which is linked to the residents of the property.

Failure to comply with the order is a criminal offence which could result in imprisonment for up to three months, a fine, or both.

The order states the 'use of the premises has resulted or, if the order is not made, is likely to result in serious nuisance to members of the public or disorder near the premises associating with the premises, and that the order is necessary to prevent the behaviour, nuisance or disorder from continuing'.

It is granted under Section 80 of the Anti-Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 and prohibits access by all people, except from emergency services and Hyde Housing Association until 26 August 2020.

Chief Inspector Nick Church said: "We have been working closely with Hyde Housing Association to compile evidence to take to court and present this case to magistrates.

"Use of this property has been causing concern to local residents and has seen several calls for service of our officers.

"The closure order gives us more powers to be able to tackle any further issues and move people on from the area, or arrest them should they fail to comply.

"I would like to thank members of the local community for their patience while we have been dealing with this issue and hope that today's update comes as welcome news to them."

More information about closure notices and orders can be found on the government website here http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2014/12/part/4/chapter/3/crossheading/closure-orders/enacted.
