```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "We have released an image of a \u2018green jumper\u2019 we believe was worn by a suspect in a double stabbing in New England last week."
publish:
  date: 1 Mar 2021
title: "New England stabbings \u2013 image of \u2018green jumper\u2019 released"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/gree-jumper-appeal-Fulbridge-Rec-stabbings-24Feb21
```

We have released an image of a 'green jumper' we believe was worn by a suspect in a double stabbing in New England last week.

Two separate incidents were reported to police, believed to have been committed by the same group of offenders, in the Fulbridge Recreation Ground off Fulbridge Road between 7pm and 7.10pm on Wednesday (24 February).

The first victim was a 36-year-old man who was walking through the grounds at about 7pm when he was approached by a group of seven or eight people, believed to be teenage boys.

He was attacked but managed to flee to his home address nearby where he realised he had been stabbed multiple times, including a puncture to one of his lungs.

The second victim was an 18-year-old man who was jogging through the park at about 7.10pm when a group of about eight teenage boys tried to call him over to them. He carried on running but the group approached him and he was stabbed by one of the group multiple times.

DI Shish Thind said: "We believe one of the group was wearing a grey tracksuit, another in a black tracksuit and one was wearing a khaki green Hugo Boss jumper, similar to the one in the image.

"If anyone saw someone wearing a jumper similar to the attached on Wednesday evening, please do get in touch."

Anyone with information is urged to report online or through our online webchat function and quote crime reference 35/11040/21. Those without access to the internet should call 101.
