```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: As we near the end of National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2019, Cambridgeshire Constabulary hosted an evening of celebration for minority groups across the county.
publish:
  date: 18 Oct 2019
title: "\u2018Celebrating Us\u2019 hate crime event a huge success"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hate-crime-event-huge-success
```

As we near the end of National Hate Crime Awareness Week 2019, Cambridgeshire Constabulary hosted an evening of celebration for minority groups across the county.

Held at force headquarters in Huntingdon yesterday evening (Thursday, 17 October), the Celebrating Us event brought together representatives from charities and organisations across the county, including Little People UK, Terrence Higgins Trust and Guide Dogs.

The 60-strong crowd gathered to hear speeches by Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite, Chief Constable Nick Dean and an inspirational talk from StopHateUK trustee Graham Lewis.

Sponsored by Slater and Gordon solicitors and Prince Build, the event offered reassurance to those who have experienced hate that the force stands with them and will do all it can to stamp it out and bring offenders to justice.

In his speech, Mr Dean, said: "Action against hate is a priority area for the force and I have made it clear we will not tolerate hate of any kind within our county.

"Nobody should live in fear of hate and everyone deserves to live their life in the way they choose, whatever their sexual orientation, religion, ethnic background or if they have a disability.

"We have a number of action against hate 'champions' deployed across the north and south of the county to help victims.

"We urge anyone who has been a victim or who knows someone who has, to please report it to us, either by calling 101 or online, so that we can investigate."

Recent Home Office figures have shown an increase of 10 per cent in hate crime reporting across the country over the past year, with a particularly worrying spike in reports of homophobic hate crimes.

PCC Jason Ablewhite said: "While it is extremely concerning to see these statistics, we are pleased that more people are coming forward to report these crimes.

"For many generations, minority groups have come to accept the hate directed towards them, almost resigned to the fact that it's part of their life, but this is not acceptable.

"Hate crime has many forms and can be verbal or physical. It can have a devastating impact on victims who often feel helpless and desolate.

"There is no room for hate here. We live in a wonderfully diverse county and it's our many differences that make Cambridgeshire such a great place to live, work and thrive."

The evening drew to a close with a buffet and plenty of mingling - a hive of activity, of celebration, laughter and people sharing their stories.

The force urges people to report hate crime by calling 101 or report it online -> https://www.met.police.uk/true-vision-report-hate-crime/. No matter how minor you may think something is, reporting it helps police to gather evidence and pinpoint problem areas.

Always call 999 in an emergency.

For more advice on hate crime, visit the force website -> https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Hate-crime/Hate-crime
