```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: It will be business as usual across the constabulary with officers on hand 24/7 to answer calls, respond to incidents and investigate crimes.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2017
title: Business as usual for officers this Christmas
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/business-as-usual-christmas
```

WHILE people across the county get set to celebrate Christmas and the New Year with their families and friends, officers and staff from Cambridgeshire Constabulary will be among the many working over the festive period.

It will be business as usual across the constabulary with officers on hand 24/7 to answer calls, respond to incidents and investigate crimes.

Lucy Burton and Chris Wright will be working in the Force Control Room at Hinchingbrooke on Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. While their loved ones are at home they will be dispatching officers to incidents that come in and answering the 999 emergency calls.

Lucy said: "Just because it's Christmas, it doesn't mean the world stops. We will be here keeping everybody in the county safe and we'll celebrate Christmas with our loved ones after we finish work."

PC Lindsey Cox and Police Dog Harley from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Dog Unit will be ready to respond to any requests to locate offenders or search buildings.

PC Cox said Harley will be rewarded with a gift under the tree and his Christmas dinner.

For Sergeant Chris Smith and the BCH Road Policing team, Christmas will be like any other normal day. They will be prepared to attend collisions and will carry out roadside drink and drug tests.

Sgt Smith, like many officers, will be celebrating the festivities on a different day this year to ensure he spends quality time with his family and can enjoy a turkey dinner.

Detective Sergeant Graham McMillan from the BCH Major Crime Unit will be seeing in the New Year at work. DS McMillan and his team will be on hand to deal with the most serious of crimes, should any come in.

Chief Constable Alec Wood said: "Just because it's Christmas, it sadly doesn't mean that crime will stop or there won't be a need for our services.

"I'm very grateful to all those who will be sacrificing their Christmas this year to keep the public safe. I hope they all get an opportunity to celebrate and spend time with family and friends and I would ask everyone to spare a thought for them over the festive period.

"I would also like to take this opportunity to wish you all a very happy and healthy Christmas and a happy New Year."
