```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A prolific thief who went on a five month spree stealing items including toothpaste, handbags and a shower has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2019
title: Jail for prolific thief
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/shower-toothpaste
```

A PROLIFIC thief who went on a five month spree stealing items including toothpaste, handbags and a shower has been jailed.

Daniel Ayres, 35, of no fixed abode pleaded guilty to 12 counts of shoplifting and possession of a class B drug and was sentenced to four months in prison at Norwich Crown Court on Wednesday (23 October).

In March he stole clothing worth £109 from a hardware store in Needingworth Road, St Ives and hot food from Morrisons.

Beer, toothpaste, cheese and meat were taken from a shop in Burwell in April.

In May he took a television from Tesco in Yarrow Road, Fulbourn and two handbags from TK Maxx in Market Street, Cambridge.

Ayres stole protein powders and beer from the Tesco store and a shower from a hardware store in Cambridge in June.

He stole baby milk and steak from Co-Ops in Perne Road and Hills Road, Cambridge as well as two socket sets from Ridgeons in Cambridge in July.

Ayres also took alcohol including two bottles of champagne worth more than £280 from a garage in Newmarket Road. He was arrested at the beginning of August and found in possession of cannabis.

He was sentenced to four months imprisonment for each shoplifting count, to run concurrently.

PC Floyd Matthews said: "Ayres has caused problems for businesses across the south of the county. I hope during his time in prison he will get the support he needs to bring a stop to his offending."
