```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who was jailed after attempting to evade paying more than \xA3150,000 in tax has been ordered to pay back almost \xA335,000."
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2021
title: Man who attempted to defraud HMRC ordered to pay back ill-gotten gains
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Saade-Jabar-POCA-hearing
```

A man who was jailed after attempting to evade paying more than £150,000 in tax through the illegal importation of cigarettes has been ordered to pay back almost £35,000.

Saade Jabar, 38, was jailed for three years and two months in September last year (2020) after admitting carrying chargeable goods intending to defraud Her Majesty, assault by beating of an emergency worker and dangerous driving.

On Monday (15 March) at a hearing at Peterborough Crown Court, Jabar was given three months to hand over £34,223.16 under the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA), or face up to five years in prison.

Half of the money seized as proceeds of crime goes to the government, the remainder is then split equally between the Crown Prosecution Service, Her Majesty's Court Service and police.

Jabar first came to our attention on 5 April in 2019 when he was seen by an officer acting suspiciously in the courtyard of a shop in Huntley Grove, Peterborough.

The officer, part of the Neighbourhood Support Team who were carrying out an unrelated drug warrant at a nearby address at the time, saw Jabar through a window moving a laundry bag full of cigarettes and hiding them under tarpaulin.

The officer then walked into the shop where he found Jabar behind the counter serving customers and arrested him on suspicion of conspiracy to commit fraud against Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC).

A search of the newsagent shop revealed non-taxed cigarettes for sale in the kiosk and hidden in suitcases, boxes, bags and laundry bags in the property's stockroom and back yard.

A van found outside the shop, registered in Jabar's name, also contained another three large boxes of illegal cigarettes. A subsequent search of Jabar's home in Dean Crescent, Hampton Vale, found £3,500 in cash and a child's racing bed also stuffed full of packets of cigarettes.

A total of £89,651 worth of illegal and untaxed cigarettes were seized as a result of the searches.

Then, on 2 November whilst on police bail, Jabar was stopped in Vineyard Road, Eastgate, driving a Volkswagen Caddy van which contained piles of boxes containing cigarettes which were seized. HMRC subsequently calculated the tax and VAT avoided through the illegal import of the cigarettes and tobacco was £76,741.

PC Paul Nisbet, from the Neighbourhood Support Team, said: "Jabar attempted to avoid paying a significant sum of money to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs for his own financial gain by selling on illegally imported cigarettes and tobacco. He was even willing to sell it to an officer who was simply doing his job, to avoid getting caught."

More information about Jabar's conviction can be found on our website.
