```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who brandished a knife in Cambridge city centre during a dispute over drugs has avoided jail.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2018
title: Man who brandished knife avoids jail
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Aaron-Muxlow-knife-brandished-cambridge
```

A man who brandished a knife in Cambridge city centre during a dispute over drugs has avoided jail.

Aaron Muxlow, of no fixed abode, was seen chasing after three men on Jesus Green on 4 September.

Cambridge Crown Court heard the 28-year-old was in the area at just before noon to 'score some drugs' when the confrontation erupted.

Police were called by some workmen who witnessed the incident and all four men were stopped and searched nearby. Muxlow was found with the knife and arrested.

Muxlow was given a 12 month prison sentence, suspended for two years, on Thursday (1 November) after previously pleading guilty to possessing a knife in a public place.

He was also placed under a curfew requirement for three months and ordered to complete a 25-day rehabilitation activity requirement.

The maximum penalty for an adult carrying a knife is four years in prison and a fine of £5,000.

It is also illegal to:

- sell a knife of any kind to anyone under 18 years old

- carry a knife in public without good reason - unless it's a knife with a folding blade 3 inches long (7.62 cm) or less, eg a Swiss Army knife

- carry, buy or sell any type of banned knife

- use any knife in a threatening way (even a legal knife, such as a Swiss Army knife)

Anyone who knows someone who carries a knife can report it anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or visiting https://crimestoppers-uk.org/.
