```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man was caught dealing class A drugs red handed by officers in Cambridge.
publish:
  date: 25 Mar 2021
title: Drug dealer caught red handed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-dealer-caught-red-handed-1
```

A man was caught dealing class A drugs red handed by officers in Cambridge.

Collins Aliago, 24, was seen acting suspiciously by officers from the Southern Impact Team on 15 January.

They had seen a man and woman walk quickly towards a phone box and make a short call at about 12.15pm.

Within five minutes, Aliago approached the pair on the corner of Argyll Street, an area known for reports of drug dealing.

The trio were seen to huddle together for about five seconds before walking off in separate directions.

Officers stopped Aliago and searched him under the Misuse of Drugs Act, finding £45 cash, a key fob to his room at a nearby hostel and a mobile phone which revealed a thread of messages discussing a drug deal in Argyll Street.

Aliago was arrested and taken to Parkside Police Station.

A search of his room found a further £1280 cash, drug paraphernalia, a small amount of cannabis and about £2400 of heroin and cocaine.

Aliago, of Mill Road, Cambridge, pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of cannabis and was sentenced to three years in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (23 March).

**PC Alex Oliver said:** "Drug dealing has an appalling impact on our communities and brings with it a host of criminality and harm to vulnerable people.

"Aliago was caught in the act by our officers and I hope this case highlights our commitment to disrupting drug networks and supply in Cambridgeshire."

If you suspect drug activity in your area, please report it to us.
