```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Police discovered hundreds of wraps of heroin, \xA310,000 in cash and found cocaine in a child\u2019s pram"
publish:
  date: 21 Jun 2019
title: Men jailed after cocaine found in pram
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/men-jailed-peterborough-police-cocaine-pram
```

Police discovered hundreds of wraps of heroin, £10,000 in cash and found cocaine in a child's pram after raiding a Peterborough property.

The stash was found at the home of Serkan Mengene after armed police officers stopped him and fellow drug dealer Ryan Gerald as they made their way back to the city in a taxi on the afternoon of 9 January.

The taxi driver was also arrested but later released without charge.

Mengene, 27, of Southfields Drive, Peterborough, first came to the attention of police when officers analysed his phone data while investigating a possible firearms offence.

Data revealed his phone's location between 3 and 9 January this year. His phone was traced to the Orton area of Peterborough from 3 January and received numerous calls during this time - together with another phone.

Mengene then left the county for London but was arrested on outstanding matters when he tried to leave the country on 5 January.

Despite this, the mobile linked to him stayed in the Orton area of Peterborough and the other phone moved around Peterborough and Spalding.

On 7 January, the day Mengene was released on bail, cell site analysis revealed the phones to be together again.

Officers believed Mengene, who has previous convictions for drug offences, to be accompanying others to various locations across Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire in order to deal drugs.

Cell site analysis on 8 January traced the two numbers to Southfields Drive - the home of Mengene - before moving together to Wisbech, Kings Lynn, Lincoln and then back to Peterborough.

The next day, at about 11.45am, officers spotted Mengene and Gerald leave the former's home in Southfields Drive.

The pair met up with a third man and entered the Co-op, in Lawson Avenue, before calling a taxi driver and asking him for a favour.

The taxi driver picked up the three men in his Vauxhall Insignia and drove them to Spalding, stopping so they could visit various locations in Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire on the journey. The third man was then dropped off.

However, the taxi was stopped on the A47 during its return journey by armed police after concerns the men could have a firearm.

Mengene, Gerald and the taxi driver were all arrested.

The warrant was carried out the same day at Mengene's address, where officers discovered 700 to 800 wraps of heroin and the cocaine hidden in a pram. The cash was found in a bedroom draw.

In police interview Gerald, 27, answered 'no comment' to the majority of questions but did say he was in Peterborough to visit some friends on 2 January.

Mengene answered 'no comment' to all questions.

However, Mengene later admitted two counts of conspiring to supply class A drugs. Gerald, of Holbrook Close, Enfield, admitted two counts of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs.

Both men were sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (21 June).

Mengene was handed a three-year prison sentence while Gerald was sentenced to five years and 219 days in prison.

DC Mat Belfitt, who investigated, said: "Cell site analysis enabled us to link both defendants to these drugs offences and this sentence serves as a warning to those who think they're above the law or can't be traced.

"We're working hard to combat drug dealing and bring people before the courts who take advantage of those trapped in addiction."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report this to us by reporting online at https://www.cambs.police.uk/report/ or calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
