```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who was caught carrying a six-inch hunting knife in Peterborough for \u201Cself-defence\u201D has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 12 Aug 2020
title: Man jailed for carrying hunting knife
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-carrying-hunting-knife
```

A man who was caught carrying a six-inch hunting knife in Peterborough for "self-defence" has been jailed.

Tremhayne Clarke, 24, was a passenger in a car in Fengate Close, Eastgate, on 23 June when it was stopped by officers.

Officers became suspicious of Clarke due to his behaviour, but as they attempted to search him a struggle ensued.

He was restrained and arrested, before a search revealed a knife concealed in the waistband of his jogging bottoms.

In interview Clarke said he carried the weapon for "self-defence" even though he knew it was wrong and admitted he had been "stupid."

Clarke, of Field Walk, Eastgate, pleaded guilty to possessing an offensive weapon in a public place at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (7 August) and was sentenced to eight months in prison.

PC Mark Overland said: "Clarke realised what he had done was wrong. We see time and time again this excuse of carrying a knife when in actual fact it is fairly well known it only increases the risk to others and yourself.

"The sentence handed out by the court shows how seriously they take possession of weapon offences."

Know someone who carries a weapon? Please help us tackle serious street based violence and report it to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report _._ Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
