```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Remember honorary police officer Tyler Wellman?
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2020
title: Surprise for honorary police officer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/surprise-for-honorary-police-officer
```

Remember honorary police officer Tyler Wellman?

The five-year-old, who battles rare life-limiting brain condition Lissencephaly, has been surprised with a £100 Amazon voucher funded by the force's 999 and 101 call takers.

The 'Mufti Fund' started several years ago when call handlers decided on the weekends, in exchange for not wearing uniform, they would put money into a pot to put towards good causes.

Over the years they've donated to charities, officer and staff fundraising schemes and to families who have lost loved ones through fatal collisions.

Tyler is the latest to receive support from the fund following his initial visit from Chief Constable Nick Dean in March, which saw his dream of becoming a police officer come true.

Tyler was born with Lissencephaly, meaning his brain is missing most of the folds a normal brain uses to store information. As a result, Tyler suffers from uncontrollable Epilepsy and is non-mobile, non-verbal and tube fed.

After speaking with his mum Aimee it was decided a voucher would be the best way to support him, with the money going towards lights for his sensory shed and Christmas presents.

"We are so grateful to the Mufti Fund and the police for Tyler's voucher." said Aimee.

"Sensory toys and equipment are a lot more expensive so this is such a huge help, especially right before Christmas!

"I'd like to thank them all so much! Tyler was clapping his hands and was very excited!"

Lou Purrington, a call handler in the Demand Hub who runs the Mufti Fund, said: "We're absolutely thrilled to have been able to help put a smile on Tyler's face with our donation.

"The fund was set up to support those in need and I'm so pleased it's continuing to make a difference to people's lives, particularly to such a brave soul."

When Mr Dean visited Tyler and his family earlier this year they were appealing for donations to fund a sensory play area and a summerhouse for his physio equipment.

The family are continuing to appeal for donations. If you'd like to find out more about Tyler and his condition, visit the 'Let's get Tyler his garden' Facebook page: https://bit.ly/3lxkfmI
