```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A burglar described as being part of a \u201Ccrime wave\u201D, who stole items worth more than \xA3160,000, has been jailed for 12 years."
publish:
  date: 6 Jun 2019
title: Prolific burglar jailed for 12 years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Burglar-jailed-12-years
```

A burglar described as being part of a "crime wave", who stole items worth more than £160,000, has been jailed for 12 years.

Edward Parker, 33, stole cars, jewellery and designer watches from homes in four counties from August last year until January.

The spree began on 11 August when he stole power tools from a property in Church Road, Buckworth. He was disturbed by the owner and dropped some of the items, leaving forensic evidence behind.

Three further incidents in Cambridgeshire included an attempted break in at a home in Spaldwick, where he was caught on CCTV, the theft of a vehicle in Old Weston and a burglary in Kimbolton where he stole more than £15,000 of jewellery and Rolex watches.

A pair of binoculars were in the vehicle stolen in Old Weston, which had been given to the victim's late father for 25 years of service with Esso.

On 21 September, Parker stole a vehicle in Bramdean, Hampshire, and was later involved in a collision where another motorist was injured.

In a separate incident on 17 December, Parker drove dangerously in a stolen Skoda in Woolsthorpe by Colsterworth in Lincolnshire, and rammed two police cars in an attempt to get away.

Finally, on 7 January officers discovered stolen property, including a designer Omega watch and number plates, in Parker's property in Kirkmeadow, Peterborough.

Parker pleaded guilty to burglary, attempted burglary, aggravated vehicle taking, dangerous driving and handling stolen goods. He also asked for 20 other offences, including 10 burglaries, to be taken into consideration. These additional offences took place in Cambridgeshire, Hampshire, Northamptonshire and Thames Valley.

On Friday (31 May) at Lincoln Crown Court, His Honour Judge Pini QC, in sentencing, described Parker as a "crime wave", commended the investigation team and described the victim impact statements as intensely moving.

DC Andy Macdonald said: "Parker is a career burglar who has caused untold misery, hurt and pain to many victims across several counties.

"I would like to thank the victims for their time and strength in completing impact statements, which were heard in court to provide some insight into how Parker has affected their lives. I'm pleased the sentence handed out at court reflects this impact."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary.
