```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two men were seen acting suspiciously in Girton
publish:
  date: 26 Jun 2019
title: Public thanked after two arrests in South Cambs
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-men-arrested-girton-southcambridgeshire
```

Two men have been arrested in South Cambridgeshire thanks to information provided by a member of the public.

Officers were called at about 3am this morning (26 June) to reports of suspicious circumstances at Thornton Close in Girton.

Two men were seen to arrive in a vehicle and were said to be searching the area with a torch.

Officers arrived at the scene. A search of the area was carried out and two men were then arrested.

A 42-year-old man from Bedford was arrested on suspicion of possessing class A drugs and going equipped to steal.

A 35-year-old man, also from Bedford, was arrested on suspicion of possessing a class B or C drug and going equipped to steal.

Both men remain in custody at Parkside Police Station in Cambridge.

DI Amerjit Singh said: "We'd like to thank the member of the public who called in with information regarding the above incident.

"Thanks to their call, we were able to attend the scene quickly and make these arrests.

"This is a positive example of how members of the public reporting information to us makes a difference.

"I would strongly urge anyone who suspects any suspicious activity in their area to please report it to us."

Anyone wishing to report suspicious activity in their area can report it by calling 101, or reporting online at www.cambs.police.uk/report. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.

You can tell us any information you may have about criminal or suspicious activity in your community. Information provided will be reviewed and could help to stop a crime or convict an offender.

Some examples of what to report include:

 * Anti-social behaviour

 * Dwelling burglary

 * Child abuse/exploitation

 * People carrying knives or weapons

 * Domestic abuse

 * Serious sexual offences

 * Extremism and counter terrorism

 * Modern day slavery

 * Drug usage or distribution

 * Hate crime
