```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Football Association have launched a new football initiative for teenagers in a bid to tackle knife crime and prevent anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2019
title: Football initiative to help tackle knife crime and ASB
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/kickstart-cambridgeshire-launch
```

Cambridgeshire Football Association have launched a new football initiative for teenagers in a bid to help tackle knife crime and prevent anti-social behaviour.

The initiative, called Kickstart, aims to engage young people through football whilst offering a structured education package to tackle and prevent knife crime and anti-social behaviour across Cambridgeshire.

Kickstart is a recreational football programme, part funded by The FA and Cambridgeshire Constabulary.

Delivered by Cambridge United Community Trust and Peterborough United Foundation, the football sessions will be fun, engaging and appropriate for the age of the participants. Each centre will be provided with 26 weeks of football activities to be held on school grounds, and will encompass an FA qualification coupled with a bespoke football club support package for the development of young leaders in the community.

Superintendent Jon Hutchinson said: "The Constabulary is delighted to work in partnership with the Cambridgeshire Football Association. It is hugely positive to see the Association's commitment to supporting young people and offering a pathway away from anti-social behaviour. Building stronger communities is crucial in our collective aim to make Cambridgeshire a safer place to live, work or visit."

There will be eight Kickstart centres across Cambridgeshire, supported by a dedicated Kickstart Team. The Kickstart team is made up of FA Coach Mentors, Cambs FA staff and Cambs Police. All partners are passionate about making a positive difference to the lives of young people and the communities they live in.

Football Development Manager, Katie Critchley, said: "Working in partnership with Cambridgeshire Constabulary, Cambridge United Community Trust and Peterborough United Foundation allows us to pull together resources to deliver a great programme for 14-16 year olds. This is a fantastic opportunity for young people to get involved in something really positive, providing role models and an engaging football package away from anti-social behaviour."

If you would like to be involved in the Kickstart programme and would like further details, please contact katie.critchley@cambridgeshirefa.com or call Katie on 01223 209037
