```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Five people have been arrested following a cannabis find of more than 2,700 plants in Peterborough yesterday (Sunday 19 April).
publish:
  date: 20 Apr 2020
title: Five arrested following significant cannabis find
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hallaton-Road-cannabis
```

Five people have been arrested following a cannabis find of more than 2,700 plants in Peterborough yesterday (Sunday 19 April).

Officers from our Community Action Team (CAT) were on patrol in the Welland area when they came across a vehicle with its window partially down and a wallet on full display inside.

They knocked on the door of the house it was parked outside of in Hallaton Road to alert the occupants, however they noticed signs of cannabis cultivation.

One of the occupants, a 33-year-old man, opened the door and was subsequently arrested, along with a 27-year-old man who was also inside the house, on suspicion of being concerned in the production of cannabis.

On searching the house officers came across two more people, a 28-year-old woman and a 24-year-old man, hiding in a locked toilet. They were also arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the production of cannabis.

Two bedrooms within the property had been converted to use for growing cannabis, both of which were full of plants and cultivation equipment.

Enquiries led officers to two further properties at an industrial unit in Alfric Square, Woodston, where they found more cannabis plants and cultivation equipment.

Whilst searching the two units a car pulled up but made off at speed upon seeing officers. The car was followed by officers who later arrested the driver, a 36-year-old man from Paston, on suspicion of being involved in the production of cannabis after they found £7,000 in his possession.

A total of 2,777 cannabis plants were seized and have been valued at about £20,000 in their current growth, however it is believed they would have a potential 'street value' of up to £2million.

All five people remain in custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station.
