```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who robbed a Peterborough post office at knifepoint has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2019
title: Peterborough robber jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Peterborough-robber-jailed
```

A man who robbed a Peterborough post office at knifepoint has been jailed.

Dean Jackson, 35, stormed into the Exeter Road premises brandishing a knife at just after 7am on 29 January.

Jackson and another man ushered the shop worker behind the counter and demanded they open the till.

As Jackson pulled the cash drawer from the till the second man cleared cigarettes worth about £2,500 from the shelves.

The pair stashed the stolen goods in a pillow case and made off on bicycles, taking with them a four-pack of beer and the victim's bag.

Investigations took officers to a house in Vere Road, Peterborough, where they found the stolen till draw and the victim's bag.

A forensic search found Jackson's fingerprints on the till and he was later arrested.

Jackson, who is from the Peterborough area but of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to possession of a blade in public and two counts of robbery.

He was sentenced to five years and three months imprisonment on Friday at Peterborough Crown Court.

A second man was arrested on suspicion of robbery but released with no further action.

DC Dave May said: "The victim was forced to sit in fear while Jackson carried out a brazen robbery.

"Fortunately, nobody was injured, however the emotional effects of a knifepoint robbery can be severe.

"We will continue to do all we can to keep knives off the streets of Cambridgeshire."
