```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A domestic abuse survivor has shared an important message in the lead up to Valentine
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2021
title: You deserve real love.
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/you-deserve-real-love-1
```

**A domestic abuse survivor has shared an important message in the lead up to Valentine's Day.**

Victims suffering from abuse are being encouraged to take the brave step of reaching out for support as part of the annual celebration of romantic love.

In a heartfelt message, a local survivor of domestic abuse has shared the following words in a bid to empower others to speak out against abuse: "Real love is not about being controlled to a point of having to sacrifice every part of yourself and losing your identity and freedoms.

"Real love is about mutual trust, respect and kindness and a willingness to listen and work together to bring out the best in one another.

"Your recovery starts the day you leave. You see the extent of your unconditional love for staying and trying to fix them. You see the strength of your mind from when you've been at the brink of breaking. You see the courage you have when you finally stand up to the monster and leave."

In January alone, the force recorded 1,207 reports of domestic abuse across Cambridgeshire, an 8% increase compared to the same period last year.

**Detective Inspector Dave Savill said** : "As we go through a third national lockdown, we fully appreciate that many victims of domestic abuse may be suffering in silence while stuck inside with an abusive person.

"That's why our commitment and dedication towards tackling domestic abuse is more important than ever and I cannot stress enough how keen we are to hear from victims or concerned loved ones.

"The next few days are all about celebrating love, something which sadly not everyone experiences. So while it may not be the traditional Valentine's Day this year, my message to anyone suffering is that you deserve real love.

"Everyone has the right to live a safe and happy life and we're here ready and waiting to support you."

Victims of abuse who are in immediate danger and are unable to speak are reminded of the Silent Solution system. By calling 999 and then pressing 55, callers will be transferred to a call handler who will be able to assess and arrange help without them needing to speak.

More information on this service can be found on our dedicated web page.
