```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who smashed a coffee cup in someone\u2019s face as they watched a New Year\u2019s Eve fireworks display has avoided jail."
publish:
  date: 9 Nov 2018
title: Man who used coffee cup in 'vicious' attack avoids jail
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/coffee-cup-assault-GBH-Egidijus-Nacevicius
```

A man who smashed a coffee cup in someone's face as they watched a New Year's Eve fireworks display has avoided jail.

Egidijus Nacevicius, of Monument Street, Peterborough, became aggressive after drinking on Sunday, 31 December last year.

The 45 year old was at a neighbourly gathering in Peterborough when he noticed another man and woman who knew him arrive at about 11.30pm.

He invited the couple and another friend of theirs to join him in a garage near the garden to celebrate the New Year.

However, Nacevicius became aggressive and there was an argument. The couple and their friend moved away and continued drinking, but at midnight joined others outside to watch a neighbourhood firework display.

During this, Nacevicius approached the man and said he wanted to talk to him.

As the man turned round, Nacevicius smashed the coffee cup in his face, causing a number of deep cuts. The man was taken to hospital where he received stitches.

Nacevicius stood trial at Peterborough Crown Court last month, where he denied charges of wounding with intent and assault by beating.

He claimed he had acted in self-defence, punching the man as he was chased but not realising he was carrying a cup when he did so.

On Thursday, 18 October, jurors found Nacevicius guilty of GBH without intent, but not guilty of the separate charge of assault.

He was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (Thursday, 8 November) where he was given a 12-month prison sentence, suspended for two years.

He was also ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and pay £1,000 in compensation to his victim.

DC Sam Delmer said: "Instead of ignoring the initial argument, Nacevicius decided to take revenge by conducting this vicious attack while his victim was watching a fireworks display.

"This was a nasty and serious assault that could have been much worse."
