```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer has been jailed for more than three years after he was caught hiding drugs in his bottom.
publish:
  date: 24 Mar 2020
title: Jail for drug dealer caught with drugs in bottom
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-drug-dealer-caught-drugs-bottom
```

A drug dealer has been jailed for more than three years after he was caught hiding drugs in his bottom.

Abdifitah Khalif, 29, was pulled over in Newmarket Road, Cambridge, by the force's Southern Impact Team on the morning of 13 February after they became suspicious of his behaviour.

He was arrested after officers searched his red Vauxhall Astra and found evidence of drugs along with £90 in cash.

In custody Khalif was strip searched and found to be hiding drugs in his bottom.

Despite this it took 12 days for the package, containing 49 wraps of heroin and crack cocaine, to be retrieved, costing the force thousands.

Yesterday (23 March) at Cambridge Crown Court, Khalif of no known address, was jailed for 40 months after pleading guilty to two counts of possessing a class A drug with intent to supply and possessing criminal property.

DC Matt Smith said: "Khalif's sentence is a stark reminder of the tough stance we and the justice system have on illegal drugs in Cambridgeshire.

"Despite his best efforts to hide his criminality, and at a significant cost to the force, he was eventually caught out and convicted."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug production or dealing, you can report it to us online at www.cambs.police.uk/Report or calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
