```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A sex offender who had been out of prison just seven days upon his arrest has admitted breaching requirements placed upon him.
publish:
  date: 15 May 2020
title: Sex offender breached requirements days after prison release
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Brendan-Clarke
```

A sex offender who had been out of prison just seven days upon his arrest has admitted breaching requirements placed upon him.

Brendan Clarke, 27, was released from prison on 7 May, following time served for breaching conditions of being on the Sex Offenders Register.

He was placed on the register after being convicted of sexual offences against a child in 2009. Conditions of this mean within three days of his release into the community Clarke must register his details with police, including where he would be living, bank details and possession of any electronic devices.

On Friday last week (8 May), Clarke was contacted by an officer from the Public Protection Unit who are responsible for managing all registered sex offenders in the community. He was reminded he needed to complete the prison release notification procedure.

The following day he completed most of the notification over the phone, however he refused to get out of bed to get his bank details. He was told officers must receive the details before the end of the day.

Two days later (on Monday 11 May), officers still did not have the details therefore contact was made again with Clarke. He made his excuses as to why he couldn't provide the details at that moment in time, with officers warning him he would be arrested if the notification was not completed.

Clarke, of London Road, Peterborough, was arrested on Wednesday morning (13 May) after he continued to fail to meet officers' requests and began ignoring their phone calls.

He was charged with failing to comply with the notification requirements of the Sex Offenders Register by not registering his bank details.

Yesterday (Thursday 14 May), he appeared at Peterborough Magistrates' Court where he pleaded guilty to the offence.

DS Paul Stimpson, from the Public Protection Unit, said: "Clarke was handed a 12-month conditional discharge by magistrates yesterday, meaning he will not be sentenced for an offence unless a further offence is committed within the stated period.

"He will continue to be under the management of my team who will monitor his day-to-day activity, his electronic devices and pay him unannounced visits.

"Should he breach any further requirements or commit any offences he will be put back before the courts."
