```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A prolific burglar has been jailed for more than five years after breaking into another house while awaiting sentence.
publish:
  date: 23 Sep 2020
title: Man broke into house while awaiting sentence for burglary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-broke-into-house-while-awaiting-sentence-for-burglary
```

A prolific burglar has been jailed for more than five years after breaking into another house while awaiting sentence.

John-Paul Ellis, 38, forced entry into a house in High Street, Glinton, on 19 September last year.

Numerous items were taken, including an electric guitar, jewellery and mobile phones.

Following a tip off from a second-hand shop which had unknowingly purchased the stolen guitar, Ellis was identified as the seller from the shop's CCTV.

Ellis denied the charge of burglary, but was found guilty by a jury at Peterborough Crown Court on 9 July. He was released on bail by the courts to be sentenced at a later date.

However, just ten days later on 19 July he struck again, this time at a house in Warwick Road, Werrington.

The residents were on holiday at the time and returned once neighbours had discovered the break in. They found a credit card along with numerous items of jewellery had been taken.

When the victim cancelled his card, the bank advised it had been used three times that day at various shops.

Police visited the shops and saw Ellis using the card on CCTV at all three. He was arrested three days later.

Ellis, of Salix Road, Hampton Hargate, pleaded guilty to burglary and three counts of fraud by false representation.

He was sentenced yesterday (22 September) at Peterborough Crown Court to five years and five months in prison.

DC Adam Blake said: "Despite going through the court system and knowing he was going to be sentenced, Ellis couldn't help himself but to steal again.

"Burglary can leave victims feeling nervous in their own home, a place where they should feel safest.

"We remain committed to catching those responsible and putting them before the courts."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: https://bit.ly/32FvVgY
