```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: This week police in Cambridgeshire are supporting national stalking awareness week to raise awareness of the devastating impact stalking can have on victims.
publish:
  date: 8 Apr 2019
title: Police support national stalking campaign
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-support-national-stalking-campaign
```

This week police in Cambridgeshire are supporting national stalking awareness week to raise awareness of the devastating impact stalking can have on victims.

Statistics released by the College of Policing show that on average, victims will suffer 100 incidents of stalking before they choose to report it to the police.

Detective Superintendent Laura Koscikiewicz said: "Stalking awareness week gives us a great platform to discuss the issue of stalking and remind the public that we are here to support victims.

"Stalking can be a terrifying experience, leaving people feeling isolated and scared in their own home.

"Spotting the signs of stalking early can prevent serious offences occurring and I would urge any victims to contact police."

To help spot the signs of stalking, the College of Policing has shared the mnemonic FOUR (Fixated, Obsessive, Unwanted, Repeated) to highlight behaviours linked with stalking.

Det Supt Koscikiewicz added: "Traditionally when people think of stalking they think of a person being followed but there are many other forms it can take. For example, harassing a person through phone calls, letters, online messages or unwanted gifts.

"Gestures that may seem innocent could lead to something more concerning and if you have worries it's important to report them."

To support the national week of action, the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has launched a campaign to raise awareness of silent 999 call systems.

The Silent Solution system enables a 999 mobile caller who is too scared to make a noise, or speak, to press 55 when prompted - to inform police they are in a genuine emergency.

For information and advice about stalking visit www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Stalking-and-harassment or call the National Stalking Helpline on 0808 802 0300

To report stalking visit www.cambs.police.uk/report or call police on 101, or in the case of an emergency always dial 999.
