```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Man admits dealing cocaine from home for months
publish:
  date: 11 Apr 2018
title: Judge says jail only option for drug dealer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail_only_option_drug_dealer
```

A MAN admitted being a drug dealer after police raided his home and found cocaine, cash and mobile phones.

Officers carried out a warrant at the property in Mortlock Avenue, Cambridge, on the evening of 20 October last year and found Mark Jolley, 36, sat in the lounge with his partner.

During a search, cocaine worth more than £1000 was found in a bedroom, together with other drugs paraphernalia and a handgun in a drawer.

In police interview, Jolley admitted dealing cocaine from his home for about three months but refused to say where it had come from.

He claimed to be a self-employed roofer but was having money problems and was struggling to pay rent and other bills.

Jolley admitted possession with intent to supply cocaine and possession of cannabis and was today (11 April) jailed for two years and four months at Cambridge Crown Court.

Judge Stuart Bridge said Jolley had shown remorse and been cooperative with police as well as showing he was taking steps to address his drug addiction.

However, he said there must be an immediate custodial sentence for the more serious charge. No separate penalty was imposed for the cannabis offence.

PC Chris Casboult said: "The trade in hard drugs not only destroys lives but also fuels many other types of crime such as burglary, theft, anti-social behaviour and violence.

"This sentence shows there is no excuse for dealing illegal drugs and offenders will be dealt with severely."
