```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who stabbed two people at a Cambourne pub after losing a game of pool has been found guilty of murder.
publish:
  date: 19 Jul 2018
title: Man guilty of murder after losing at pool
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-guilty-murder-losing-pool
```

A man who stabbed two people at a Cambourne pub after losing a game of pool has been found guilty of murder.

Kai Nazir, 20, was at the Monkfield Arms in the High Street on 27 October last year, when at about midnight he was challenged to a game of pool by a man he did not know.

After Nazir lost, he stabbed the man, who is in his 20s, to the chest. He was confronted and restrained by the victim's friends, before managing to escape.

In the pub's carpark, Nazir was confronted by three of the victim's friends, including Chris West, 30, from Cambourne.

Nazir stabbed Mr West multiple times to the back and chest before being punched to the ground by another man.

Paramedics were unable to save Mr West and he died at the scene. Nazir and the first victim were taken to hospital for treatment.

Photo: Chris with his wife Becky

Nazir was released shortly afterwards, but the first victim was transferred to Papworth Hospital with life threatening injuries. He underwent surgery and spent several weeks in hospital before making a recovery.

Nazir, of The Crescent, St Neots, denied charges of murder, attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.

Today (July 19) he was found guilty of all charges following a trial at Cambridge Crown Court. He will be sentenced on 10 September.

Photo: Kai Nazir

Detective Inspector Lucy Thomson, from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit, said: "Speaking to the family and friends of Mr West and reading their statements has been truly heart-breaking. A man in the prime of his life has been suddenly, and viciously, taken from them because of Nazir's actions. I know their lives will never be the same again.

"This case once again demonstrates the dangers of carrying a knife and the tragic consequences of doing so. I would urge anyone who knows someone that carries a knife to report it. You could save a life."

Anyone who knows someone who carries a knife can report this by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
