```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An eight hour tweetathon took place in the demand hub on Tuesday (20th October) as part of the International Control Room Week celebrations
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2020
title: Tweetathon success - International Control Room Week 2020
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tweetathon-success
```

The Constabulary took part in a successful live Tweet-a-thon yesterday to mark International Control Room Week and demonstrate the hard work of call takers.

From 8am to 4pm, a Tweet was posted directly from the demand hub to the forces @cambscops twitter account every time an incident came in on either the 999 emergency or 101 non-emergency line.

Throughout the day, various reports came in from the public regarding various things from burglaries and road accidents to missing people and welfare calls.

Between the hours of 8am-4pm, the control room received 151 999 calls, 508 101 calls, 13 silent/abandoned 999 calls (2 required deployment) and 1 telematics (collision sensor in newer cars) call.

The tweetathon was organised as a way to give the general public an insight into a 'day in the life of a call handler' and to demonstrate the hard work and dedication of the officers and staff.

The feedback from the public explains how surprised they were to read the variety of incidents that get called in throughout the day.

During the Covid-19 pandemic the control room staff have been hard at work behind the scenes in what at times have been very challenging circumstances.

For the six months from April-September this year, the force's call handlers have taken 62,438 999 calls, 141,713 to 101 and 14,044 online reports. This is accompanied by well over 6552 Covid-19 breach reports after government restrictions came into place.

It was hoped that the tweetathon would shine a light on the true demand on the force and has been praised by many.

BBC Radio Cambridgeshire interviewed Superintendent Mike Branston and Demand Hub Supervisor Rachael Sargent which you can catch up on below:

Superintendent Mike Branston said: "I'd like to thank each and every one of our officers and staff in the demand hub who work incredibly hard to provide an excellent service to the public in what can often be very challenging circumstances.

"Control room staff are hidden away from public view, but are an essential part of our response to emergency situations, as well as dealing with calls for service which may not require an immediate response.

"The tweetathon was a great way to show the public just how hard our officers and staff work and the diversity of the calls we receive. The day went really well and it was great to monitor all of the varied incidents on Twitter throughout the day."

For information on the different ways you can contact us, please visit www.cambs.police.uk/contact
