```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed after she stabbed a shop worker with a needle in a Wisbech store.
publish:
  date: 1 Dec 2020
title: Shoplifter jailed for stabbing worker
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/shoplifter-jailed-for-stabbing-worker-Nov-2020
```

A woman has been jailed after she stabbed a shop worker with a needle in a Wisbech store.

Lina Markelyte, 41, was spotted by staff in the J E Beales store as she attempted to steal items worth £300 in September last year.

Staff confronted Markelyte as she tried to leave the shop, and told her they would call the police.

She agreed to follow them back into the manager's office, begging them not to report the attempted theft.

While in the office, Markelyte's pleas turned to rage, as she grabbed a syringe from her bag and removed the protective cap.

She lunged towards the victim, syringe in hand.

The victim tried to push her away but as she grabbed Markelyte's hand, she felt the needle puncture her skin. She eventually managed to disarm Markelyte before restraining her.

Officers arrived and arrested Markelyte, while the victim was taken to hospital for treatment.

Markelyte, of no fixed abode but from the Fenland area, admitted charges of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, theft from a shop and possession of a bladed article in a public place.

Yesterday (30 November) at Cambridge Crown Court, she was sentenced to 30 weeks in prison.

DC Chris Goodman said: "The emotional toll this attack had on the victim cannot be overlooked.

"She was forced to endure months of testing to determine if Markelyte had infected her with the needle she used in her attack.

"I would like to commend the victim for her bravery, both at the time of the attack and throughout the investigation.

"Hopefully this sentence will make Markelyte and others think twice before resorting to such thoughtless violence."
