```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man with no driving license has been jailed after he led police on a cocaine-fuelled pursuit through the outskirts of Cambridge.
publish:
  date: 17 May 2019
title: Man led police on high speed cocaine-fuelled pursuit
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-led-police-on-high-speed-cocaine-fuelled-pursuit
```

A 21-year-old man with no driving license has been jailed after he led police on a cocaine-fuelled pursuit through the outskirts of Cambridge.

Officers attempted to stop Chad Courtney as he drove his silver Seat Ibiza along Brooks Road, Cambridge, at just after 7.30pm on 23 September.

Courtney drove off but pulled over a short while later in Perne Road, pretending to stop for officers before speeding off.

In a desperate bid to escape, Courtney swerved into oncoming traffic, narrowly missing passing motorists before racing along Hinton Way at almost 90mph.

The pursuit was almost ended by two members of the public who blocked the road with their vehicles, but Courtney navigated his way through a narrow gap to speed off once more.

He eventually lost control of the Seat in London Road, veering into a grass verge.

Courtney, of no fixed abode but from the Cambridge area, was arrested at the scene and later pleaded guilty to charges of dangerous driving, driving without a license, failing to stop, driving under the influence of cocaine, possession of cocaine and breach of a suspended sentence.

He was sentenced today to a year in prison at Cambridge Crown Court.

PC Ashley Bennett said: "Courtney put lives at risk as he tried to avoid facing justice. Thankfully he won't be out on the roads again any-time soon."
