```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "The team have made more than 150 arrests and seized cash and drugs worth more than \xA3100,000"
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2019
title: Results released for force's Southern Impact Team
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/southern-impact-team-cambridgeshire-constabulary-results
```

A policing team acting on intelligence provided by the public has made more than 150 arrests and seized cash and drugs worth more than £100,000 - all less than a year after being set up.

The force's Southern Impact Team carry out planned policing operations - including warrants and arrests - across the south of the county. There is also a Northern Impact Team carrying out similar work in the north of the county.

The proactive policing teams were set up in May 2018 and act on intelligence reported to the force from a variety of different sources, including 101 calls and reports made through the force website.

Chief Inspector Nick Skipworth said: "Since May 2018 when the Southern Impact Team was formed we have arrested 154 people - the majority of these being County Lines drug dealers - and have a combined cash and drugs total seizure figure of more than £100,000.

"This work carried out by this team will have caused a significant dent in pockets of those involved in organised crime, and county lines dealing.

"Work from this team of officers has also resulted in the courts handing out prison sentences totalling 63 years and seven months.

"I have no doubt that these impressive results will continue to climb - but we couldn't do it alone.

"These results are a brilliant example of how reporting information to us makes a difference and also the work our officers do off the back of that information.

"I am incredibly proud of my team, and I know how hard they work on a daily basis to bring offenders to justice."

Anyone wishing to report suspicious activity in their area can report this to us by calling 101, or reporting online at www.cambs.police.uk/report. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.

You can tell us any information you may have about criminal or suspicious activity in your community.

Information provided will be reviewed and could help to stop a crime or convict an offender.

Some examples of what to report include:

 * Anti-social behaviour
 * Dwelling burglary
 * Child abuse/exploitation
 * Domestic abuse
 * Serious sexual offences
 * Extremism and counter terrorism
 * Modern day slavery
 * Firearms
 * Drug usage or distribution
