```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: For most of us, Christmas is an exciting time of year to look forward to and enjoy but for those suffering domestic abuse it can be a time to dread.
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2020
title: Police and partners hold Christmas-themed domestic abuse Q&A session
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-and-partners-hold-christmas-themed-domestic-abuse-qa-session
```

For most of us, Christmas is an exciting time of year to look forward to and enjoy but for those suffering domestic abuse it can be a time to dread.

That's why police are giving those who are suffering, or concerned about the safety of a loved one, the opportunity to get in touch and seek advice.

Together with partner agencies, the force will host its sixth monthly live domestic abuse question and answer session on Facebook - focused this time on Christmas.

At 5.45pm on Thursday (17 December) safeguarding experts, including representatives from police, Cambridgeshire County Council's Adult and Child Social Care, Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Clinical Commissioning Group and Cambridgeshire and Peterborough's Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence Partnership, will be on hand to answer questions.

The public will have the opportunity to post their questions on the Facebook wall and receive live-time answers and advice from the panel.

Additionally, people can ask questions in advance and remain anonymous by sending a private message. Responses will be posted on the Q&A status during the live session.

**Detective Inspector Dave Savill said** : "Sadly, for many people Christmas isn't always the most wonderful time of the year.

"During the festive period, we often see reports of domestic abuse increase. This can be down to a number of factors including financial pressures and busier schedules.

"But this year, we recognise Christmas is going to be different for us all. People may not be able to see as many friends and family, or celebrate with the typical festivities, so those tensions may be raised more than usual.

"Our Q&A session is an opportunity for those who are suffering, or concerned about the safety of a loved one, to get in touch and seek advice.

"Of course, while our theme this month is Christmas related, members of the public can ask us any domestic-abuse related question or concern they have. From stalking to coercive control, we will help as much as we can.

"Tackling domestic abuse and keeping victims safe is our main priority and our safeguarding panel will be available for an hour to provide support and offer advice.

"We look forward to hearing from you."

Top tips and advice will also be posted throughout the hour-long session.

For more information and support around domestic abuse, visit our website.
