```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Firearms, cash and stolen vehicles have been recovered during a two-day major police operation.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2020
title: Firearms, cash and stolen vehicles recovered in major police operation
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/oppinacle
```

Firearms, cash and stolen vehicles have been recovered during a two-day major police operation.

Police were in Meldreth on Tuesday morning as part of an investigation into handling stolen goods and possession of illegal firearms.

More than 50 officers including the local neighbourhood officers, specialist search officers and the Rural Crime Team carried out extensive searches of some properties within The Boulevard and Five Acres and recovered three caravans, two trailers and a van which are all thought to be stolen.

A number of weapons including firearms were also recovered along with a quantity of cash.

Arran Ayres, 24, from The Boulevard, Meldreth was arrested at the scene and has since been charged with:

 * Possession of a prohibited weapon
 * Possession of a firearm without a certificate
 * Two counts of possession of a firearm or ammunition without a certificate
 * Four counts of possession of a shotgun without a certificate
 * Possession of criminal property.

He is due to appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court this morning (19 November).

A 34-year-old man from Meldreth was also arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of drugs, handling stolen goods and money laundering. He has since been bailed until 11 December.

Superintendent James Sutherland said: "We have undertaken a substantial police operation focused on illegally held fire-arms and stolen property. We would like to reassure the public that we are committed to ensuring that we will pursue unlawfully held firearms wherever they may be and there is no safe place to store stolen property of any type.

"The investigation is focused on a small number of individuals who are engaged in this criminality and not the wider community within which they live."

Anyone who has information about illegally held weapons should report it to us.
