```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three men have been jailed for a combined total of 23-and-a-half years after being found guilty of an attack on a man in Bretton.
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2020
title: Trio sentenced for knife-attack in Bretton
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Robert-Ramalho-Femminilo-sentencing
```

Three men have been jailed for a combined total of 23-and-a-half years after being found guilty of an attack on a man which left him with a six-inch wound to his arm.

Jordan Roberts, Ulili Ramalho and Umberto Femminilo were arrested in the spring of last year (2019) as part of an investigation into a joint-enterprise attack on a man in Bretton.

Roberts (pictured below), 19, admitted he was with a group of others on the evening of 24 April and pleaded guilty to being involved in violent disorder, however he denied causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent.

Ramalho (pictured below), 23, and Femminilo, 18, denied being involved in the attack on the 42-year-old victim which left him with a six-inch slash to his arm.

At about 6.10pm on the night of the attack police were called by a member of the public who said they believed there had been a stabbing in Essendyke.

The victim had been cycling in the area of Bretton Park when he was chased by a group of several men. Once he realised he was being chased he stopped to confront the group who launched into an attack.

One of the group swung a samurai-style sword towards the victim's head, resulting in a deep slash to his arm after he tried to defend himself.

Other members of the group also pulled out knives however the victim managed to run away where a member of the public helped him to safety.

DC Zoe Slater said: "This was a terrifying attack on an innocent member of the public who was going about his own business.

"The weapons used by this group could have caused much more severe injuries, or even the loss of life, but thankfully the victim managed to get to safety.

"I am pleading with the public to get in touch with us if they know someone who carries a weapon - the information can be passed on anonymously and it could save a life."

Ramalho, of Horton Walk in Westwood, and Femminile, of Smallwood in Ravensthorpe, were both found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent following a trial at Peterborough Crown Court in January.

On Friday (3 July), Ramalho was sentenced to seven years in prison, while Femminile (pictured below) was jailed for three-and-a-half years.

Roberts, of Greenham in Bretton, admitted violent disorder but was later found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm with intent at the end of the trial. Today he was sentenced to nine years in prison for these offences.

Dante Foster, 18, of Willonholt in Ravensthorpe, was found guilty of violent disorder following the trial. He will be sentenced on a date to be confirmed.

A fifth person, 18-year-old Mussa Balde, of Blackmead in Orton Malborne, was found not guilty of violent disorder following the trial.

Roberts was also sentenced for another instance of causing GBH in connection with an incident in Muskham, Bretton, in December 2018 where a man in his 40s was hit over the head with a machete and a man in his 30s suffered two stab wounds to his torso.

Initially Roberts was charged with two counts of causing GBH with intent however he pleaded guilty to a lesser offence of causing GBH without intent which was accepted in court. He also admitting assaulting an emergency worker after he kicked a police officer who was arresting him.

He was sentenced to an additional four years in prison which will be added to the nine-year sentence, taking his total sentence to 13 years in prison.
