```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Woman seriously sexually assaulted by attacker in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2017
title: Sexual assault at knife-point
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife_point_assault
```

A woman was seriously sexually assaulted at knife point as she walked along a footpath in Peterborough.

The victim, who is in her 20s, was walking towards Ivatt Way, from Lincoln Road, near to Rhubarb Bridge, when she was approached between 11am and 11.30am on Saturday (30 September).

She was approached by a youth who threatened her with a knife before sexually assaulting her. The victim managed to escape uninjured and alerted police.

A team of detectives is investigating the attack and there have, and will continue to be, extra patrols in the area.

The attacker is described as being of Asian appearance, in his late teenage years, about 5'8", slim, short black hair and a small moustache. He was wearing black jeans and a black jacket.

Detective Sergeant Gordon Blair said: "This was a terrifying experience for the victim who was not injured but extremely upset and shaken.

"Although this is not a residential area I hope someone may have seen a youth matching this description at the time. I would urge anyone with information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, to contact police without hesitation."

Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or report online via our website. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via their website.
