```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A group of hare coursers caught with a catapult thanks to tip-offs from the public have been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 12 Nov 2020
title: Hare coursers caught with catapult sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hare-coursers-caught-catapult-sentenced
```

A group of hare coursers caught with a catapult thanks to tip-offs from the public have been sentenced.

Fredrick Stevens, 54, John Giles, 33, Roddy Teelan, 30, and Samuel Haylett, 31, were reported to police on 29 November after they were spotted walking lurchers in a field near Putney Hill Road.

While officers rushed to the scene a further call came in to say the group were hare coursing in the area.

After spotting the men minutes later the force's Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT) put a containment on the area, giving them no choice but to give themselves up.

Stevens was the first to be interviewed but became hostile when he was told his phone was going to be seized, throwing it on the floor and stamping on it before throwing it into a puddle.

When Giles was spoken to he handed over a catapult and, after being searched, officers found ten large steel hex nuts in his jacket pocket.

As officers were searching Teelan he threw a phone which he had hidden in the waistband of his trousers in an attempt to break it. Fortunately the device was unscathed and seized.

All four men were handed a 48-hour dispersal order forbidding them from coming back to Cambridgeshire and subsequently charged with hare coursing offences.

On Tuesday (10 November) at Cambridge Magistrates' Court, Teelan, of Guildford Road, Aldershot, was fined £960 and ordered to pay £85 in costs after admitting obstructing a constable in the execution of their duty and daytime trespassing in pursuit of game.

At the same court Haylett, of Barnes Road, Camberley, was fined £726 and ordered to pay £85 in costs after admitting trespassing in pursuit of game.

On 10 June at Guilford Magistrates' Court Giles, of Winchester Road, Aldershot, was fined £290, ordered to pay £85 in costs and handed a community order after pleading possessing an offensive weapon and daytime trespassing in pursuit of game.

On 13 March at Cambridge Magistrates' Court Stevens, of Winchester Road, Aldershot, was fined £1,320 and ordered to pay £200 in costs after admitting daytime trespassing in pursuit of game and obstructing a constable in the execution of their duty.

DC Tom Nuttall, of the RCAT, said: "Information from the public, as this case shows, is vital in helping us tackle rural crime.

"Our message is simple - don't come coursing in Cambridgeshire.

"Driving hare coursing out the county is a priority for my team and we will continue to use all of our powers to bring coursers to justice."

Anyone who sees hare coursing taking place is asked to contact police immediately on 999 and provide officers with a description of the people involved, any registration numbers and vehicle descriptions and the location and direction of travel.

Its important people don't confront hare coursers or put themselves at risk.

If you have information about hare coursing and it's not currently happening, or have been a victim of the crime, please call 101 or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report.
