```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who targeted vehicles for valuables while the owners were asleep has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2021
title: Prison for thief who targeted vehicles while victims slept
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/richard-leleu
```

A man who targeted vehicles for valuables while the owners were asleep has been jailed.

Richard Leleu, 42, of Tebbutts Road, St Neots struck five times between 19 and 27 June last year (2020).

He was captured either on CCTV or by witnesses entering or attempting to enter vehicles in Park Avenue, Lakefield Avenue, Field Close, Wantage Gardens and Skipper Way, Little Paxton.

On two occasions Leleu successfully broke into vehicles and stole £200 and two debit cards which he used in a nearby garage to buy goods worth more than £80.

At Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (26 January) Leleu was sentenced to one year and 12 weeks in prison after pleading guilty to three counts of vehicle interference, two counts of fraud by false representation, attempted theft, criminal damage and bicycle theft.

PC James Thompson said: "Leleu is an opportunistic criminal who was trying his luck under the cover of darkness.

"This case serves as a reminder to residents to be vigilant around locking their vehicles and keeping valuables out of sight.

"We will continue to pro-actively seek out those who wish to inflict crime on their communities and we also encourage residents to report suspicious behaviour to us."

Further vehicle security advice is available here.
