```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A cyclist has died following a collision with a car in Cambridge last week.
publish:
  date: 19 Dec 2017
title: Cyclist dies following collision in Cambridge
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cyclist-dies-in-Cambridge
```

A cyclist has died following a collision with a car in Cambridge last week.

At about 10.30pm on 12 December Stewart Milne was cycling along Trumpington High Street when he was involved in a collision with a Ford Focus.

Stewart, 44, was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital where sadly he died late on Thursday night (14 December).

Stewart, of Foster Road in Cambridge, was a keen cyclist who had been riding bikes for more than 30 years. He was a father to two boys aged 15 and 6 and an 11 year-old girl.

Stewart Milne

In a statement Stewart's wife said: "Stewart was the most kind and caring man and he gave me and my children the best in life and always put us before himself.

"We spent 13 and a half years together and I have never felt love like I felt it from him. This man changed my life and we were the strongest couple there is. Myself and my children are completely broken by this awful tragedy. I can't express how upset I am.

"Stewart caused no harm in this world and I know there will be so many people who will be devastated by this awful news.

"This man touched so many hearts and left so many good happy memories and he will be missed as a partner, father, brother, uncle and friend to many people."

Sergeant Simon Goldsmith said: "This was a tragic incident and it's important we gain a better understanding of what happened.

"We're appealing to anyone who witnessed the collision to get in touch as a matter of urgency."

Anyone with information regarding this collision should call police on 101 and ask to speak to a member of the Roads Policing Unit quoting CC-12122017-0502. Alternatively visit www.cambs.police.uk/report.
