```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who stole three cars worth a total of \xA343,000 from his employer has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Brazen valet stole the cars he cleaned
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Brazen-valet-stole-the-cars-he-cleaned
```

A man who stole three cars worth a total of £43,000 from his employer has been sentenced.

Toby Ferry, 26, worked as a valet at a car dealership in Peterborough when he stole three cars - all BMWs - from the forecourt.

Bosses at the dealership first noticed a BMW 5 series was missing on 30 January and searched through CCTV footage, which showed Ferry had taken it.

The company chief executive called Ferry and asked him to return the car, which he did. However, after further checks, they noticed two more cars were missing.

When interviewed by police, Ferry admitted taking all three cars and selling two of them. He said he felt his actions were justified as he had experienced bad treatment at the dealership and believed the company had "messed up" his wages.

Ferry, of Maskew Avenue, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to three counts of theft of a motor vehicle, three counts of driving without insurance and three counts of driving while disqualified. He was sentenced to 10 months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court today (23 October). He was also disqualified from driving for 29 months.

Sergeant Lewis Busby, who investigated, said: "I would advise business owners to take note of this case and remain vigilant by taking appropriate measures to protect their stock.

"This case also highlights the importance of high-quality CCTV equipment for gathering evidence.

"I am glad justice has been done today."
