```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A drug dealer from London who was found in possession of more than \xA32,600 of class A drugs in Peterborough has avoided jail."
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2020
title: "Drug dealer found with \xA32k of cocaine avoids jail"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Tedros-Debesay-sentencing-Dec2020
```

A drug dealer from London who was found in possession of more than £2,600 of class A drugs in Peterborough has avoided jail.

Tedras Debesay, 20, was spotted acting suspiciously by officers from the Community Action Team in Viersen Platz on 9 October last year (2019).

Suspecting a drug deal was about to take place, the officers detained Debesay for a search which uncovered £200 in cash, three mobile phones and a pouch concealed within one of his socks containing a large number of wraps of class A drugs.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and taken into custody where he was taken for a strip search, revealing a further bag hidden in his underpants with yet more drugs.

The substances were analysed and identified as 212 wraps of cocaine valued at £2,120 and 54 wraps of heroin valued at £540.

Debesey, of Hempstead Road in Walthamstow, was charged with possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin, which he later admitted in court.

He appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (2 December) where he was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for two years.

He must also complete 80 hours of unpaid work and a 60-day rehabilitation activity requirement (RAR).

DC Andrew Donaldson said: "This was a great proactive stop by the Community Action Team who have yet again taken extremely harmful substances off our streets and disrupted the drug market in Peterborough.

"If people think they can travel to our city to sell drugs, they've got another thing coming."

Anyone with information about the supply of drugs can report it to police online at https://bit.ly/3mx7QAr.
