```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who killed a motorcyclist while high on drugs and driving a car he had stolen has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2018
title: Drug driver jailed after fatal collision
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-driver-neville-smith
```

A man killed a motorcyclist while high on drugs and driving a car he had stolen from a garage forecourt.

At about 1.30pm on 22 August, Neville Smith, 22, pretended to purchase a Saab 93 from a second-hand dealer in a forecourt at Westwood, Peterborough.

That evening, at around 5.20pm, Smith was tailgating a car on Bretton Way, Peterborough, when he cut a corner to turn onto Deerleap Road. Sweeping across the carriageway, he struck a motorcyclist, Michael Howard, 42, who was riding in the opposite direction.

Mr Howard was knocked into the vehicle Smith had been tailgating and died from his injuries at the scene.

Smith parked the car at the end of Deerleap and ran into a nearby woods with three passengers, a man and two women.

After throwing the car keys into undergrowth he called police on his mobile to tell them that he had caused a fatal collision.

Smith was arrested for driving while under the influence of drugs. On his way to the police station Smith stated: "I didn't see him, and now he's dead. I've killed someone and I have to live with that."

Smith, of Elms Road, Harrow, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving, aggravated vehicle taking causing death, bilking, theft of number plates, causing death whilst uninsured, causing death whilst disqualified, and failing to stop after an accident.

The bilking charge related to £50 of diesel he stole from a filling station in Godsey Lane, Market Deeping, Peterborough, and the theft of a number plate from a Jeep, which he then fixed to the Saab, both before the fatal collision.

Today at the same court Smith was sentenced to six years and four months in jail and disqualified from driving for five years.

Sergeant James Thorne said: "By showing off to friends, Smith caused the death of an innocent, law abiding motorcyclist.

"Instead of doing the right thing and stopping to give assistance, he chose to drive off and abandon the vehicle before fleeing.

"Mr Howard's family have been left devastated because of his selfish and illegal behaviour. I would hope the sentence passed today will deter those who think that 'joy riding' is fun and harmless.

"It takes a matter of seconds for a situation to change and for the consequences to become fatal."
