```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Wisbech man who breached a restraining order banning him from contacting his ex-partner has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2020
title: Jail for man who breached restraining order
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-man-who-breached-restraining-order
```

A Wisbech man who breached a restraining order banning him from contacting his ex-partner has been jailed.

Jamie Howard, 47, was issued the order in May last year which stipulated that he could not directly or indirectly contact his ex-partner, a woman in her 40s.

However, on the evening of 22 July, officers received a report that Howard had been drinking with the victim at her home in Wisbech when, out of the blue, he became angry and smashed a coffee table.

In fear for her safety, the victim escaped to a friend's house nearby and called police.

When officers arrived, inquiries revealed that Howard had been living at the address with the victim since February.

The woman claimed she had avoided reporting this to police as she was worried about his violent behaviour.

Howard, of Grassgate Lane, Wisbech, was arrested the following day and later pleaded guilty to breach of a restraining order.

He was sentenced to ten months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court on Wednesday (9 September).

**DC Harley Smart said:** "Howard clearly thought he was above the law by so brazenly showing disregard for the order that was imposed upon him last year.

"I would like to commend the victim for her bravery in contacting us regarding his violent behaviour and I hope Howard's time behind bars gives him a chance to reflect on his actions."
