```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The new recruits traded in careers as a rowing coach, musician and lawyer among others
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2020
title: New recruits top 100 so far this year
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cambs-police-passing-out-parade-sept-2020
```

A rowing coach, musician, lawyer and assistant psychologist are just some of the careers traded in by the force's newest faces to become police officers.

Eighteen new recruits stood in formation at force headquarters in Huntingdon today (11 September), before being inspected by Deputy Chief Constable Jane Gyford.

Friends and family were unable to attend the passing out parade due to the Covid-19 pandemic.

Among the new recruits were a former prison officer, sales representative, windscreen technician, nightclub manager and hair and media make up student among others.

Two of the new officers came from policing backgrounds - with one previously a Police Community Support Officer (PCSO) with the British Transport Police and another a detention officer for the Metropolitan Police.

Having successfully completed their 16-week training course, the new officers will all now be posted across the county to tackle crime and protect the public.

Four new recruits will start their careers at Huntingdon Police Station, five will work at Parkside, seven will be based at Thorpe Wood and two will join the officers at March Police Station.

It was the force's seventh passing out parade of the year, bringing the total number of new recruits so far this year to 113.

Speaking at the ceremony, Jane Gyford congratulated the graduates, telling them: "You have all recently learnt what it means to hold a warrant card and that responsibility, and also the importance of knowing how to build trust and confidence in our communities.

"You will be looking for ways to prevent crime and disorder as well as helping to build safer communities.

"The Chief Constable recently told you to focus on your wellbeing and look after yourself as you embark on your career. He said to take every opportunity you can to develop yourself and enjoy your career, but run your own race.

"He told you that you are the face of Cambridgeshire Constabulary, each one of you can make a genuine difference to people you come into contact with - so go and do just that."

DCC Gyford urged the new officers to communicate with each other and communities, ask questions, act when something is not quite right, act with fairness and impartiality but to also be kind and show their human side.

She added: "Every day is a school day and learning never stops for any of us. Therefore support each other, uphold the law, never go against your own personal values and don't lose who you are and your unique identities.

"Being a police officer is exciting and rewarding and I can vouch for that. Since the beginning of 1992 that hasn't changed for me."

The force is continuing its search for new constables and those who think they have what it takes are asked to apply via the force website.
