```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary are set to host a live Q&A on Wednesday (23 December) at 6pm, featuring a panel of experts to discuss the topic of serious sexual offences (SSO).
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2020
title: Police host Q&A with sexual assault survivor
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-host-qa-with-sexual-assault-survivor-Dec-2020
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary are set to host a live Q&A on Wednesday (23 December) at 6pm, featuring a panel of experts to discuss the topic of serious sexual offences (SSO).

The panel, led by Detective Inspector Amerjit Singh from the force's Rape Investigation Team (RIT), will answer questions and concerns submitted by members of the public.

DI Singh said: "These sessions provide a tremendous opportunity to give specific answers and support to people who may need it most. We want to hear from anyone with questions or concerns about sexual offences who could benefit from expert knowledge.

"Although the festive period is synonymous with good spirited fun, we know that will not be the case for some people.

"We want to reach out to anyone who may be living with an abuser, or know someone who may be. Throughout the first lockdown we saw an increase in reports of serious sexual offences, so it's vital people know there are still support options available. We are still here to help."

Between April and October there was a 14% increase in reports of SSO compared to the same period in 2019.

Joining DI Singh on the panel will be Emily (who has had her name changed to protect her identity), a SSO survivor.

Speaking on the impact of a sexual offence Emily said: "You never give your consent to be sexually abused, attacked or assaulted. You have no choice! Your abuser removes your choice.

"You instantly feel so alone and so violated, that you do not know where to turn. You protect those around you from the most painful and explicit details. You don't want them to share your pain, you feel ashamed and even blame yourself to some degree. You feel so isolated."

Rachel Matheson, manager of The Elms Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) will also feature as a panel member, offering insight on the support options available for those who might not want immediate police intervention, but still need support.

Speaking on the significance of the SARC from a survivor's perspective, Emily said: "Having a Sexual Assault Referral Centre is a lifeline for survivors. When you do not know who to turn to, where to go, or who to trust, a SARC provides a victim-led support service.

"Having a safe, comfortable environment which 'wraps its arms around you' means the world - especially at a time when you are having to deal with the worst moment in your life."

Members of the public can submit questions anonymously via the private message function on the force's Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts (@CambsCops). To submit a question publicly, viewers will be able to comment on the Q&A Facebook post on Thursday from 6pm.

If you or someone you love has suffered a serious sexual offence, visit our website (https://bit.ly/3h8XyED) for more information on the support options available.
