```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A teenage boy has been charged following the stabbing of an 18-year-old man in Cambourne this weekend.
publish:
  date: 27 May 2019
title: Teenager charged in connection with Cambourne stabbing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambourne-stabbing-24-May
```

A teenage boy has been charged following the stabbing of an 18-year-old man in Cambourne this weekend.

We were called at 9.56pm on Friday (24 May) with reports of a stabbing in the High Street, Cambourne.

Officers and paramedics attended the scene. The victim, an 18-year-old man, was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital for treatment.

Three teenage boys, one aged 15 and two aged 16, were arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.

One of the 16-year-old boys, from Cambourne, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been charged with possessing a knife in a public place and wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm (GBH). He has been remanded to appear at Huntingdon Magistrates' Court this morning (Monday 17 May).

The other two boys have been bailed to return to Parkside Police Station in Cambridge on 21 June.

Detective Inspector David Savill said: "I would like to thank the public for their patience and assistance whilst we have completed our enquiries over the weekend. I realise that they may have been caused some minor disruption owing to the police activity in the village.

"I understand there will be concerns within the community with regard to this incident, however our enquiries suggest this is an isolated incident between parties who are known to each other and we are not seeking anyone else who was involved at this time.

"Whilst knife related incidents are extremely serious and are the subject of national attention, they remain rare in the context of other crime types and especially so in Cambridgeshire."

Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting 35/35967/19 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
