```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A fifteen-year-old boy has been sentenced to two years in a young offender institution after stabbing a child in the head with a screwdriver.
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2019
title: Young teen stabbed boy in the head with screwdriver
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Young-teen-stabbed-boy-with-screwdriver
```

A fifteen-year-old boy has been sentenced to two years in a young offender institution after stabbing a child in the head with a screwdriver.

The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, carried out the attack in Peterborough city centre on 24 November last year (2018) when he was 13, leaving his then 12-year-old victim with life-changing injuries.

The boys, who are known to each other, had an altercation earlier that month.

At about 4pm on the day of the stabbing, the 12-year-old was with a group of friends in Pipe Lane when the offender approached him in an aggressive manner before striking him to the side of his head with a single blow, concealing a screwdriver in his hand.

The victim was taken to Peterborough City Hospital for treatment but transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge for urgent treatment after his condition deteriorated.

As a result of the stabbing he had a fractured skull and a bleed on his brain. He was operated on and left to recover in hospital for several weeks, including time in critical care.

DC Brett Morley said: "This crime is an example of serious street based violence involving both a young victim and young offender with a weapon and could have easily resulted in the death of the victim.

"He was left almost completely paralysed down the left side of his body, unable to walk and with partial memory loss. He has since made a significant recovery, regaining movement, however he still suffers with his memory as a result of the attack."

The offender appeared at Huntingdon Youth Court on 26 June where he pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent. The case was then referred to crown court due to the 'grave' nature of the offence.

Yesterday (Thursday, 19 December) he appeared at Peterborough Crown Court and was sentenced to two years imprisonment in a young offender institution. He has also been made subject of an indefinite restraining order prohibiting him from making any contact with the victim.

DC Morley added: "I would like to thank the victim and his family for their support and patience during what has been a difficult time for them all. I hope this sentence provides them some reassurance that justice has been served."

Anyone with information about someone who carries a weapon is urged to report it to police either by calling 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively you can report anonymously to the independent charity, Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111 or at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
