```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who filmed himself raping a woman in Peterborough has been jailed for six years.
publish:
  date: 24 Nov 2017
title: Rapist who filmed attack is jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Rapist-who-filmed-jailed
```

A man who filmed himself raping a woman in Peterborough has been jailed for six years.​

Vitalijus Buinovskis, 25, attended a small gathering in Ravensthorpe on 22 July. In the early hours of the following day the victim, a woman in her 20s, fell asleep in the lounge of the property.

At about 10am a third person at the property noticed Buinovskis' phone ringing on the table in the lounge. When he picked it up he noticed pictures of the victim and a video of Buinovskis raping her whilst she was asleep. The man attacked Buinovskis, who made off.

Photo: Vitalijus Buinovskis

Buinovskis, of Rockingham Grove in Peterborough, was arrested later that day and charged with rape.

On 27 October he appeared at Peterborough Crown Court and pleaded guilty to the offence. He was sentenced today at Cambridge Crown Court.

When sentencing Buinovskis, Judge Bridge said: "It is clear you exploited the position that you found yourself in and had sex with an unconscious woman who had absolutely no opportunity to resist. You also remarkably decided to film yourself doing so.

"The effect on this victim has been enormous. There is no doubt that I must pass a very substantial sentence given what you have done, to reflect the seriousness of this offence."

Detective Constable Faye Patterson said: "This was a nasty incident, made all the more disturbing by the fact Buinovskis filmed what happened.

"I hope the conclusion of the court proceedings will help the victim to start rebuilding her life.

"Tackling sexual offences is a priority for the constabulary and we will do all we can to bring perpetrators to justice."
