```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "We\u2019re encouraging riders to be safe on the roads and drivers to look out for motorcyclists as part of a national week of action."
publish:
  date: 24 May 2018
title: Force supports national motorcycle week of action
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Force-supports-national-motorcycle-week-of-action-Spring2018
```

We're encouraging riders to be safe on the roads and drivers to look out for motorcyclists as part of a national week of action.

During the week, which starts on Monday 28 May and runs until 3 June, traffic officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire road policing unit will be out giving advice to motorcyclists. Patrols will focus on education and enforcement as part of work to reduce the number of motorcyclists seriously injured or killed across the three counties.

Traffic officers will be looking at motorcyclists who are a danger to themselves and others through their dangerous riding and whose bikes are unroadworthy.

Drivers are also reminded of the importance of watching out for bikers and to always look carefully when pulling out of junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

The national week of action is another opportunity to remind bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world and encourage them to ride safely to ensure they get home to their loved ones.

Casualty Reduction Sergeant Ian Manley, from Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Over the coming weeks as the weather improves, officers will be offering advice and issuing tickets for motorcycling offences.

"Sadly, motorcyclists are still some of the most vulnerable road users and that is why it's so important that riders are extra vigilant. Last year four motorcyclists were killed and 79 seriously injured on Cambridgeshire roads.

"We are asking all bikers to take their time, plan their rides and think safety."
