```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary, together with partner agencies, is set to host a live domestic abuse question and answer session on Facebook.
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2020
title: Police and partners hold live domestic abuse Q&A session
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-and-partners-hold-live-domestic-abuse-qa-session
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary, together with partner agencies, is set to host a live domestic abuse question and answer session on Facebook.

At 4.45pm on Friday (24 June), safeguarding experts will work together to answer domestic abuse related questions from members of the public on the force's Facebook page.

The panel will include a representative from police, Cambridgeshire County Council's Adult Social Care, Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Clinical Commissioning Group and Cambridgeshire and Peterborough's Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence Partnership.

The public will have the opportunity to post their questions on the Facebook wall and receive live time answers and advice from the panel. Additionally, people will also have the option of sending a private message if they wish to remain anonymous.

The focus of this session will be on recognising the signs of coercive control, although the public can ask any other domestic abuse related question they have.

Detective Sergeant Mark Little said: "We know the Covid-19 pandemic has been really challenging for many people, but particularly those who have been stuck in lockdown whilst living with abuse.

"Our fight against domestic abuse and our passion to safeguard victims never stops and we want those who are suffering to know where they can go for help and that we are here to support them 24/7.

"The theme of this session will be focussed on spotting the signs of coercive control. Coercive and controlling behaviour is a common type of domestic abuse however, many victims still do not see it as a crime. Just because it may not leave physical injuries does not mean it's not abuse and we really want to remind victims that this type of behaviour can have serious and long-lasting effects on people's lives.

"However, we know domestic abuse is a complex area and encourage people to ask any questions that they have on this topic. We hope to also hold other sessions in the future on other areas of domestic abuse such as neglect, honour-based abuse and Clare's Law.

"We would encourage any one to tune into our Facebook page at 4.45pm on Friday. Whether you're a victim or concerned family, friend or neighbour. We will be on hand to offer specialist advice and we hope we can help as many of you as possible.

"We look forward to hearing from you."

Top tips and advice will also be posted throughout the hour-long session and all members of the public are encouraged to get involved to have their questions answered.

For more information and support around domestic abuse, visit our website: https://bit.ly/2OcYutK
