```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Man given suspended sentence after guilty plea
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2020
title: Elderly man admits manslaughter following 2003 attack
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/elderly-manslaughter-guilty-plea-lloyd
```

AN 81-year-old man has been admitted a charge of manslaughter after stabbing a man in Cambridge nearly 17 years ago.

Bakri Siraj-Eldin, 81, of Dene Lodge, Borough Green, Sevenoaks, attacked 20-year-old Alexander Lloyd with a knife on the forecourt of a filling station in Hills Road in September 2003.

Mr Lloyd was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital and survived but suffered irreversible brain damage and paralysis due to blood loss.

In September 2004, Siraj-Eldin was convicted of wounding with intent and was sentenced to 10 years in jail.

However, in 2017 Mr Lloyd died and a pathologist concluded Mr Lloyd's brain damage was a direct consequence of the stab wound to his heart.

Siraj-Eldin pleaded guilty to manslaughter today at the Old Bailey and was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for 18 month. The judge took into account the time he had already served and his guilty plea.

He also commended the work of Major Crime Unit officers DCI Jerry Waite, Det Sgt Gordon Blair, DC Denise Brown and DC Jon Forman.

DCI Waite said: "This was a very complex case with ultimately tragic consequences and our deepest sympathies are with Alexander's family. They have behaved with great bravery and dignity throughout the case and a protracted legal process and I cannot begin to imagine the huge emotional impact it must have had on them.

"Siraj-Eldin attacked Alex with a knife and stabbed him to the heart so it is only chance and the actions of the paramedics and medical professionals at Addenbrooke's Hospital that meant he was not prosecuted for killing Alexander in 2003.

"When Mr Lloyd sadly died in 2017 it was clear from the evidence there was a direct causal link between the attack and his death nearly 14 years later and that was the advice we received from experts. I welcome the fact justice has been done today but recognise it is likely to bring no consolation to Alexander's grieving family."

The court heard the attack on Mr Lloyd on 4 September 2003 had followed an incident in April of that year, in which Mr Lloyd had allegedly assaulted Siraj-Eldin's son Karl Eldin.

Following this, Siraj-Eldin had threatened to kill Mr Lloyd.
On the night of the attack, Mr Lloyd and his friend Ian Watters were on the forecourt of the Shell garage when he flagged down Mr Eldin who was driving past.

The pair agreed to fight and Mr Eldin returned a short while later. Mr Lloyd punched the other man and at this point Siraj-Eldin drove up, parked, walked directly up to Mr Lloyd and stabbed him.

The fighting continued, with Mr Lloyd punching his attacker and Mr Watters fighting Mr Eldin. Siraj-Eldin tried to stab Mr Watters but the younger man fought him off.

Siraj-Eldin went back to his car and returned with a large drill bit in his right hand and the knife in his left hand and started to attack him again but was again fended off.

The melee continued but Mr Lloyd had now slumped on nearby railings and emergency services arrived.

Despite attempts by paramedics to resuscitate him, Mr Lloyd's heart stopped beating as he had lost so much blood. The resulting brain damage meant he could not talk or swallow, was fed through a tube and required 24-hour care.

He was admitted to hospital in March 2017 due to a chest infection and problems with his feeding tube and died on the 21st of that month.

A forensic pathologist later concluded Mr Lloyd's brain damage was a direct consequence of the stab wound to his heart and there was no evidence for any potential break in causation.

Siraj-Eldin was also charged with assaulting Mr Watters and violent disorder, for which he received concurrent sentences in 2004.
