```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar who left fingerprints when he smashed a kitchen window in and again on a wardrobe and jewellery box in the bedroom has been sent to jail for 28 months
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: Burglar who left fingerprints jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglar-who-left-fingerprints-jailed
```

A burglar who left his fingerprints on a smashed window, a wardrobe door and a jewellery box in a family home has been jailed for more than two years.

Iulian Balan, 31, broke into a property at Ridgeway, Linton, on 12 July, by smashing the kitchen window.

He then proceeded to the property, opening cupboards and drawers in every single room.

He stole two laptops and a Kindle from the living room, before moving upstairs to the master bedroom to steal a large quantity of expensive jewellery and cash in multiple currencies.

Crime scene investigators attended and recovered fingerprints from around the house which matched those of Balan's on the police database.

Balan was subsequently arrested for burglary, but claimed he had no recollection of his activities on the day and denied ever being in the property.

When officers made the arrest, Balan was found to be in possession of cannabis.

Balan, of Colchester Avenue, London, appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (2 October) and pleaded guilty to burglary and possession of class B drugs. He also admitted an additional burglary offence in Surrey that was taken into consideration when he was sentenced to 28 months in prison.

DC Neil Gibbs, who investigated, said: "Balan was careless when it came to his crime and his fingerprints led us straight to an arrest.

"He broke into the property, taking no consideration for the owners' possessions and took what he wanted.

"He has caused significant misery to the victims and should take his time in prison to reflect on his actions.

"Tackling burglary remains a priority for the force and we will continue to do all we can to put offenders before the courts."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: https://bit.ly/30Fx5aP
