```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who swigged from a bottle of Sambuca before assaulting his ex-partner in a jealous rage has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 9 Jan 2020
title: Man jailed after attack on ex-partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-after-attack-on-ex-partner
```

A man who swigged from a bottle of Sambuca before assaulting his ex-partner in a jealous rage has been jailed.

Kieran Ellis, 26, arrived at the victim's home just before midnight on 7 October.

Despite telling him to go away many times and even disconnecting her doorbell, Ellis did not stop and finally got into the property when the victim opened the door out of fear.

Ellis, drinking from a bottle of Sambuca, was argumentative and in an attempt to calm the situation the victim said he could stay at the house overnight.

The following morning as she was leaving for work he began drinking again and became angry, throwing her onto the bed.

He pinned her arms behind her head before slapping her to the face several times.

Ellis screamed in her face "I'm going to burn your face with acid so no-one can be with you."

The victim managed to convince him that she still wanted to be with him and this defused the situation.

While he was distracted she called her sister who went to the property and helped remove him from the house. He was arrested outside shortly afterwards.

Ellis, of Scalford Drive, Dogsthorpe, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to assault causing actual bodily harm, common assault and criminal damage.

Yesterday (8 January) at Peterborough Crown Court he was jailed for 17 months.

DC Rob Giffen said: "Ellis was self-entitled and mindless, his actions brought real harm to his victim and thankfully she was able to think quickly to persuade him not to hurt her further.

"I am glad he is now behind bars and unable to do any further harm."
