```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who was stopped in a car and found with a combat knife concealed in his trousers has pleaded guilty to the offence.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2020
title: Man stopped in car with combat knife down his trousers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Trehmayne-Clarke-June2020
```

A man who was stopped in a car and found with a combat knife concealed in his trousers has pleaded guilty to the offence.

Trehmayne Clarke, 24, was arrested in Fengate Close on Tuesday afternoon (23 June) by officers from the Community Action Team (CAT).

In interview Clarke confirmed the knife was his and described it as a hunting and gutting knife. When we asked if he did much hunting or gutting he replied that he did go fishing, however he was carrying the knife 'for protection'.

He appeared at Peterborough Magistrates' Court yesterday (Wednesday 24 June) where he pleaded guilty to being in possession of a combat knife in a public place.

Clarke, of Field Walk in Eastgate, has been remanded in custody to be sentenced at a date yet to be confirmed.

DS Ilia Penev said: "Thankfully this knife is no longer on the streets of Peterborough where it could have ended up being used in violent crime.

"I would urge anyone who knows someone who carries a weapon to do the right thing and report it to us, this information could save a life."

Anyone with information about someone who carries a weapon is urged to report it to us either by going online at www.cambs.police.uk/report or call 101. Alternatively, contact the independent charity, Crimestoppers, where you can report anonymously via www.crimestoppers-uk.org or by calling 0800 555 111.
