```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who committed a series of burglaries across Ramsey has been jailed for nine years.
publish:
  date: 30 Jan 2018
title: Nine years for Ramsey burglar
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-ramsey-burglar
```

A man who committed a series of burglaries across Ramsey has been jailed for nine years.

Rihards Ozols of Rolleston Garth, Peterborough was handed the sentence at Cambridge Crown Court on Thursday (25 January) following a trial.

The 20-year-old was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary, two counts of fraud as well as driving without insurance and a licence.

The court heard how overnight on 28 June last year, Ozols either burgled or attempted to burgle one house in Upton Close, Stanground, Peterborough and a further six homes and two outbuildings in Ramsey in The Maltings, Bankers Walk, Newtown Road, Wyatt Close, Malting Yard and Hollow Lane.

During the burglary spree Ozols demanded money from two of his victims and made off with cash, mobile phones, beer and bank cards which he later attempted to use.

Ozols was arrested after officers tracked down the vehicle he was using during the burglaries.

Detective Constable Stuart Miller said: "This result means a dangerous individual will remain behind bars for a considerable time.

"Burglary is not tolerated in our county and we continue to urge the public to report any suspicious activity to police on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111."

Ozols was sentenced to three years for conspiracy to burgle and nine years for conspiracy to commit aggravated burglary to be served concurrently. He was also handed 11 penalty points for the driving offences.

Jailed: Rihards Ozols
