```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "The force website has been shortlisted for yet another award, this time as part of the \u2018Digital Leaders 100\u2019 recognition and needs the public\u2019s help to make the top three."
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2019
title: Cambridgeshire Constabulary website shortlisted for national award
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambridgeshire_Constabulary_shortlisted_for_national_award
```

The force website has been shortlisted for yet another award, this time as part of the 'Digital Leaders 100' recognition and needs the public's help to make the top three.

On Thursday (11 April) the 'final 10' shortlist was announced, seeing Cambridgeshire Constabulary in the Digital Public Service Innovation of the Year award category for its website's overall user friendliness and adaptive design.

Digital Leaders, the nation-wide programme for promoting effective, long-term digital transformation across government, industry and charities, have announced the 100 finalists across 10 categories, where the public can help choose the winner through an online vote.

Among the other nominees are Durham Constabulary's SentrySIS which allows businesses to submit details of criminal incidents and intelligence directly to them and the NHS digital 111 system which allows patients to get urgent healthcare online.

The independent list recognises organisations across the UK who are leading the way in digital transformation.

Russell Haworth, Chair of Digital Leaders, said: "The Digital Leaders 100 list 2019 once again highlights the progress in digitally transforming the UK. Our community of Digital Leaders have shone a light on the many hidden heroes, quietly getting on with the nation's digital transformation.

"It is fabulous to see such a strong list from outside London this year reflecting our own inclusive national programme and the growing importance of digital transformation on companies irrespective of size or sector."

Head of Corporate Communications, Sarah Cooper, said: "It's great news that our website has been recognised. We work very hard to make it as efficient and informative as possible for our users and are constantly looking for ways to improve.

"We've modernised our website and through research and customer feedback we have developed online self-serve and transactional facilities, made it easier for the public to contact us and significantly improved accessibility.

"We are delighted to have made it this far, and be recognised as one of the top ten in this category, but we would love to have the recognition of the public that the website works for them too, through their vote."

The full list of nominees in the Digital Public Service Innovation of the Year category is below:

 * 111 online, NHS Digital
 * AutonoMe
 * Cambridgeshire Constabulary website development, Cambridgeshire Constabulary
 * Find a job, DWP Digital
 * National Record Locator (NRL), NHS Digital
 * One Stop Shop for Regulation, Ofqual
 * SentrySIS at Durham Constabulary, Durham Constabulary
 * Somerset Digital Skills Talent Academy, Somerset Libraries, Somerset County Council
 * StartWell SingleView of a Child, Wigan Council
 * GovTech Catalyst, Government Digital Service

You can vote for the force here - http://digileaders100.com/digital-public-service-innovation. Voting closes at noon on Friday 10 May.
