```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who assaulted a would-be housemate after he changed his mind about renting a room from him has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 24 Aug 2020
title: Man woke in hospital after being beaten and covered in orange juice
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-woke-in-hospital-after-being-beaten-and-covered-in-orange-juice
```

A man who assaulted a would-be housemate after he changed his mind about renting a room from him has been sentenced.

Dimitro Tutulescu, 23, first met the victim in July 2018 when he and a friend visited Tutulescu's home in Palmerston Road, Peterborough, to look at a room the man wanted to rent.

After the viewing, the pair exchanged phone numbers and Tutulescu texted the victim, who is in his 20s, to confirm the details of the room later that week.

In the message, Tutulescu explained to his potential new housemate that he would need to pay a £100 deposit to secure the room. The victim felt this was too much, so changed his mind and said he no longer wanted the room.

Tutulescu then sent the victim a threatening message, which said, "if you see me, you better run!"

The victim agreed to meet Tutulescu in Oundle Road the following day to sort things out, but has no recollection of what happened after they met.

Witnesses from the scene recalled seeing Tutulescu get out of a car and punch the victim twice in the face, which knocked him to the ground. He then started kicking him.

Following this Tutulescu took a carton of orange juice and poured it over the victim's head while he was unconscious on the ground.

The next thing the victim remembers is waking up in hospital with a fractured cheek bone, chipped teeth and bruising around his eye.

Tutulescu was arrested at the scene and, when interviewed by police, claimed he poured juice over the victim to try to help him because he felt bad for the attack.

He later pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm without intent and was handed a six-month sentence suspended for two years at Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (19 August). He was also given a £1,000 fine.

DC Mark Clapham, who investigated, said: "Tutulescu was clearly out of control when he attacked the victim that day.

"Whatever grievance he had it does not excuse violence. He left the victim with serious facial injuries and to add insult to injury, poured juice over him while he was unconscious on the floor."
