```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Greig Campbell pleaded guilty to theft and assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH)
publish:
  date: 4 Mar 2019
title: Drug addict jailed after assaulting his own mum
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-addict-greig-campbell-assault-peterborough
```

A drug addict who assaulted his own mother and then used her bank card to withdraw £40, has been jailed.

Greig Campbell, of Park Farm Crescent, in Stanground, Peterborough, woke up 'agitated' at about 10am on 19 November last year.

The 45 year old asked his mother for her bank card, but she refused to give it to him.

Campbell's mother, 79, was sat in a chair in the living room at the time, Peterborough Crown Court heard.

Campbell became angry and grabbed his mother by the jaw and face, putting his hand over her mouth.

He pushed her to the face several times, with enough force to move her and her chair backwards until it was against the wall.

His mother handed over the bank card and Campbell was later caught on CCTV withdrawing £40.

Greig Campbell

Campbell's mother told police she knew he wanted money for his drug habit.

Campbell claimed he owed people money and had been threatened - therefore was worried harm would be caused to him or his family.

He told police he could have 'taken more money than just the £40' if he wanted to.

Campbell pleaded guilty to theft and assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH) at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (1 March).

He was sentenced on the same day, where he was handed 20 months in prison.

DC Keith Evans, who investigated, said: "Campbell launched a vicious and unprovoked attack, motivated by drugs, on his own mother.

"It's a stark reminder of the scourge drugs have on society and why we are committed to tackling them in Cambridgeshire."

You can find more news, witness appeals and court reports on our news and appeals page.
