```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar who walked free after being given a second chance by a judge committed another offence just three days later.
publish:
  date: 22 Jan 2021
title: Woman breached court order after three days
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-breached-court-order-after-three-days
```

A burglar who walked free after being given a second chance by a judge committed another offence just three days later.

Melanie Askew, 41, was handed a suspended sentence on 16 September after admitting two burglaries in High Barns, Ely, in June last year.

Three days later she walked into a home in the same road through an unlocked front door.

When confronted by the resident, a woman in her 60s, she claimed she was looking for someone to tell them their aunt had died and asked for a glass of water.

The woman made her a drink and returned to find Askew sitting in her living room next to her handbag.

Askew took a sip of water before making off with a small amount of cash from the woman's purse.

The victim's daughter contacted police a few hours later when the victim noticed the cash was missing.

Askew was identified as a suspect through CCTV and arrested two days later wearing the same top as seen on the footage.

Her fingerprints were also found on the glass she had drunk from.

Askew, of New Barns Avenue, Ely, was jailed for two years at Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (20 January) after pleading guilty to breaching a suspended sentence order and burglary.

She was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £128.

DC Victoria Norden, who investigated, said: "Askew showed complete disregard for her previous convictions and was back causing misery in the community again within a matter of days.

"Thankfully this sentence will see her behind bars for some time, which I hope provides some reassurance for the public."

Burglary prevention advice is available on the force's website.
