```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who robbed a teenager in Cambridge has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2020
title: Man robbed teenager of wallet
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-robbed-teenager-of-wallet
```

A man who robbed a teenager in Cambridge has been sentenced.

James McGuire, 36, was approached by the victim, a 19-year-old man, in Mill Road at about 11.15pm on 2 May.

The man asked him if he could borrow his phone to call a taxi but was told he didn't have one.

Instead he went into a nearby shop to ask if he could borrow a charger, closely followed by McGuire, but left when they didn't have one suitable.

As the man continued walking along the road McGuire caught up with him and demanded his wallet.

Thinking he was joking the man laughed, to which McGuire reiterated "give me your wallet".

The man knelt down on the pavement and McGuire started searching his pockets, telling passers-by to go away when questioned.

The victim tried to fend him off but he continued and made off with his wallet shortly before police attended.

After initial area searches were unsuccessful officers trawled through CCTV and arrested McGuire on 17 June in Willow Walk, Cambridge.

On Wednesday (12 August) at Peterborough Crown Court McGuire, of Willow Walk, Cambridge, was sentenced to 12 months in prison, suspended for 24 months, after pleading guilty to robbery.

DC Ciaron Hickey, who investigated, said: "McGuire targeted a young man who had simply asked a favour.

"I am hopeful his sentence will provide some comfort and closure to the victim."
