```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who attempted two robberies before threatening to \u201Cpull a gun\u201D on a police officer in Huntingdon has been jailed for three years."
publish:
  date: 13 Jul 2018
title: Three years for man who threatened officer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-years-threatened-officer
```

A man who attempted two robberies before threatening to "pull a gun" on a police officer in Huntingdon has been jailed for three years.

Two officers were responding to reports of two failed robberies in the area of Mayfield Shops on 5 May last year when they saw Anthony Underwood, 31, banging on a door in Churchill Terrace.

He saw them and fled in the direction of The Whaddons but suddenly stopped and threatened to "pull a gun" on one of the pursuing officers.

When the second officer caught up, he sprayed Underwood with CS spray after seeing him reach into his jacket.

Underwood, of Churchill Terrace, Huntingdon, was arrested and found to be unarmed. Earlier that day he had attempted to steal a woman's handbag as she walked towards Mayfield Shops and then tried to steal from a local hairdressers by snatching money from the till.

Yesterday (12 July) he was jailed after pleading guilty to two counts of attempted robbery and affray at Cambridge Crown Court.

He received 30 months for the first count of attempted robbery and eight months for the second count, to run concurrently, and six months for affray, to be served consecutively with the other sentences.

Underwood also pleaded guilty to two thefts from shops where he stole more than £500 worth of alcohol and driving dangerously in the days leading up to the attempted robberies and affray.

He was sentenced to nine weeks for each count of theft and nine months for dangerous driving, all to be served concurrently with the sentences for the offences on 5 May.

He was also handed a driving ban lasting two years and four months.

Sgt Eliot Ducket said: "I'd like to commend the bravery shown by the two officers that day when faced with a potentially fatal standoff and also the victims for their help in bringing Underwood to justice.

"Underwood set out that day to commit crimes and was clearly frustrated when his attempts had failed."

Anthony Underwood
