```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A fourth man has been sentenced for his part in a violent attack in Huntingdon which left a man unconscious by the side of the road.
publish:
  date: 22 May 2020
title: Man left unconscious by side of the road
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-left-unconscious-by-side-of-the-road
```

A fourth man has been sentenced for his part in a violent attack in Huntingdon which left a man unconscious by the side of the road.

Haider Ali, 21, his brother Sheraz, 20, Shoaib Mohammed, 19, and Zane Harrison, 25, were seen on CCTV driving along Brampton Road in two cars on 2 December.

The group pulled over before Sheraz got out and started to threaten the man, who is in his 20s, closely followed by his brother who punched him in the face.

Mohammed followed suit and also punched the man when a further blow from Harrison knocked him unconscious.

The group got back into their cars and drove away while a member of the public, who saw the victim lying on the ground, phoned for an ambulance.

After identifying the men from CCTV images, officers arrested Sheraz and Haider at their home in Ambury Hill, Huntingdon, on 3 and 4 December.

Harrison, of Drivers Avenue, Huntingdon, was arrested in High Street, Huntingdon, on 5 December and Mohammed, of Sallowbush Road, Huntingdon, was arrested at Thorpe Wood Police Station on 16 December after handing himself in to police.

At Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (21 May) Sheraz Ali was ordered to pay £575 in total costs after pleading guilty to using threatening words and behaviour to cause alarm or distress.

On Friday, 1 May, Harrison was jailed for 18 months after admitting causing grievous bodily harm without intent. He must also complete a further 36 months on licence following his release from prison.

At the same hearing Haider Ali was handed 15 months in prison after pleading guilty to causing grievous bodily harm without intent, while Mohammed was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for 21 months, after also admitting causing grievous bodily harm without intent and driving while disqualified.

Zane Harrison (left) and Haider Ali.

PC Alan Tregilgas, who investigated, said: "The group showed no remorse for their actions and it was only thanks to a concerned member of the public that the consequences of this nasty, unprovoked attack weren't worse."
