```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Activities taking place across county for national week of action.
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2017
title: Hate crime awareness week
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Hate_crime_awareness_week
```

Cambridgeshire police are joining a week-long campaign to encourage victims to report hate crimes.

Hate Crime Awareness Week (14-21 October) aims to tackle offending, encourage reporting and raise public awareness of what constitutes a crime.

A hate crime is a criminal offence which is perceived by the victim, or any other person, as being motivated by prejudice or hate.

Throughout the week, the force and Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite will be working with partner agencies to hold a variety of events.

They will include street surgeries and events focusing on young people and minority communities.

The surgeries will allow people to raise concerns and discuss or learn more about issues surrounding hate crime.

Detective Inspector Tim Nasta said "Everyone has the right to live without harassment or fear of crime and reports of hate crime are taken very seriously.

"I urge victims to come forward, safe in the knowledge they will not be judged, will be treated sensitively and allegations will be thoroughly investigated.

"Under-reporting is a factor because, more often than not, those affected by hate crime are too frightened or intimidated to come forward or do not recognise they are victims.

"Family members, carers and the public can also help us tackle the problem by reporting incidents to the police or our partners."

Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite said: "It is important that we encourage people to come together, say no to hate crime and create safe communities for everyone.

"Cambridgeshire and Peterborough has a diverse community and I recognise that everyone should be allowed to live their life free from harassment and the fear of crime.

"I understand the effect hate crime can have on the victim, their families and the wider community. The Chief Constable and I share the same commitment in ensuring Hate Crime is taken seriously and responded to appropriately."

Report hate crime by calling 101, or 999 in an emergency, or via our website. Alternatively, if people would prefer not to go directly to the police, they can report incidents online via the third party reporting scheme True Vision. This can be accessed via www.report-it.org.uk/.
