```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A sixteen year old boy has been issued a football banning order (FBO) after he ran onto the pitch at an England World Cup qualifying match in Malta last year (2017).
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2018
title: Football banning order for 16-year-old
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Football-banning-order-for-16-year-old
```

A sixteen year old boy has been issued a football banning order (FBO) after he ran onto the pitch at an England World Cup qualifying match in Malta last year (2017).

On Friday, 1 September, during the second half of the match, the youth was seen to climb of the security fencing around the stadium and run onto the pitch, evading two security guards.

He then continued to run across the pitch, stopping to speak with two England players before one of them directed him off the pitch.

The teenager, from Peterborough, was eventually detained by security staff before being arrested by local police and remanded in custody to appear in court the following day, charged with trespassing beyond a fence or barrier surrounding the pitch and entered the field of play.

He was given a one-year conditional discharge and a one-year ban from all sport grounds in Malta, and a fine of €200.

Following his return from Malta, it was established there was a pre-mediated plan to carry out the pitch invasion.

The teen tweeted "400 retweets and I'll invade the Malta v England game". The following day he tweeted "€200 fine, probably a life-time ban, a night in lockup and a one-year ban from Malta! Oh well it was worth it."

He was summonsed to Huntingdon Youth Court yesterday morning (Wednesday, 31 January) and issued a three-year football banning order, prohibiting him from attending any football match in the UK during this time. He will also be required to surrender his passport during England international fixtures abroad.

PC Mark Wood, Dedicated Football Officer for Cambridgeshire Constabulary, said: "He showed complete disregard for the issue that he caused and the consequences of his actions.

"The use of social media in this way should be discouraged - it is important that others do not follow his example and understand the consequences of such actions.
