```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who collected indecent images of children for more than a decade and traded them like a \u2018stamp collection\u2019 has been sentenced"
publish:
  date: 30 May 2019
title: Cambridge man collected indecent images of children
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambridge_man_collected_indecent_images_of_children
```

A man who collected indecent images of children for more than a decade and traded them like a 'stamp collection' has been sentenced.

Jeremy Perrott, 49, was linked to an IP address uploading indecent images of children to the internet.

A warrant was carried out at his house in Sawston, Cambridge, on 17 June last year and Perrott was arrested. A laptop and a hard drive were found containing indecent images and videos.

The seized items were reviewed and found to contain 690 category C images and videos, 624 category B and 919 category A (the most severe).

Perrott admitted he had a problem and knew it was 'shameful'. He had been collecting the images since 2005 and would 'trade' them online.

Perrott, now of Devon Road, Luton, pleaded guilty to six counts of making and one count of distributing indecent photographs of a child.

Today (30 May) at Cambridge Crown Court he was given 12 months in jail suspended for 24 months.

Detective Chief Inspector Andrea Warren said: "Perrott knew he was doing wrong for a long time but never attempted to get help; in fact the images he was searching for got progressively worse. These children are continually victimised every time an image is viewed or shared."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through _Clare's Law_ and _Sarah's Law_.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found on the force website here: _https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Serious-sexual-offences-and-rape/Sex-offenders-register_
