```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A BURGLAR who was caught after leaving a glove at the scene of his crime has been jailed for nearly seven years.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2017
title: Burglar jailed for nearly seven years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglar-jailed-seven-years
```

A BURGLAR who was caught after leaving a glove at the scene of his crime has been jailed for nearly seven years.

Dale Cassidy, 37, got into a home in Montague Road, Cambridge, on October 22, and stole nearly £3,000 worth of electricals, keys and collectable coins.

However, a man and woman at the property heard Cassidy, confronted him and as he fled he dropped the glove.

He was arrested on 8 November and was found with a rucksack containing wire cutters and a commemorative coin that had been stolen in the burglary.

Cassidy claimed the bag was not his and while footprints found at the property did match the shoes he was wearing, he had only recently bought them second-hand.

However, DNA samples from the glove gave detectives solid evidence and he later pleaded guilty to burglary.

Detective Constable Paul Evans said: "I would like to commend the home owners' bravery for confronting Cassidy as the DNA evidence from the glove, alongside the footprints, was crucial to be able to pin-point his actions.

"Burglary can have a devastating effect on victims and it is a top priority for the force."

In addition, Cassidy, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to breaching a restraining relating to his ex-partner, admitting to contacting her on three separate occasions. It followed his conviction on two counts of assault against her in February last year (2016). The order prevented him from making any contact with her until 22 September, 2019.

He was sentenced for a total of six years and ten months imprisonment and ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £170 at Cambridge Crown Court last Thursday (7 December).

Below is a breakdown of his sentence:

 * Six years for burglary
 * Six months for breaching the restraining order
 * Four months for breaching his suspended sentence

Dale Cassidy
