```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A teenager who tried to smuggle cannabis into a prison was caught with the help of a crime-fighting canine.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: Canine helps catch cannabis smuggler
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Canine-helps-catch-cannabis-smuggler-22062020
```

A teenager who tried to smuggle cannabis into a prison was caught with the help of a crime-fighting canine.

Amarhi Walker-Grace, 19, attempted to take the package to a prisoner at HMP Peterborough in Saville Road on 11 September.

However, prison officers became suspicious about his actions and asked a colleague to bring a specially trained sniffer dog to the visiting area.

When Walker-Grace saw the dog he panicked and his demeanour changed. As a result of this behaviour he was taken to a separate area to be searched.

Officers discovered a package hidden in his waistband which contained cannabis and tobacco worth up to an estimated £2,200 in prison.

In police interview Walker-Grace, of Brownlee Place, Northampton, admitted he "foolishly" agreed to take the package into the prison and that he "regretted" his actions.

On Friday (19 June) at Peterborough Crown Court Walker-Grace was sentenced to three months in prison, suspended for 18 months, having pleaded guilty to two counts of bringing a list A article into a prison. He was also ordered to complete 100 hours of unpaid work and pay £300 costs.

DC Mat Belfitt said: "As soon as Walker-Grace saw the sniffer dog he clearly panicked and knew the game was up.

"We work closely with prison staff in the county and take this kind of incident very seriously.

"I hope Walker-Grace has learnt his lesson and we won't see him again."
