```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A formal complaint has been made about a video posted on social media involving a Cambridgeshire police officer.
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: Ely video - police receive formal complaint
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ely-video-police-receive-formal-complaint
```

A formal complaint has been made about a video posted on social media involving a Cambridgeshire police officer.

The video was shot in Ely five years ago.

The complaint has been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) by the force's Professional Standards Department.

As the matter is being investigated it would be inappropriate for us to comment any further, however, Chief Constable Nick Dean has previously commented:

"I can understand why such a video clip would be concerning, especially with the current events surrounding the death of George Floyd.

"Last week a joint statement was released by the National Police Chiefs' Council, Superintendents Association and Police Federation. It stated: 'The relationship between the police and the public in the UK is strong but there is always more to do.

Every day, up and down the country, officers and staff are working to strengthen those relationships and address concerns. Only by working closely with our communities do we build trust and help keep people safe'.

"Here in Cambridgeshire we have been and are committed to strengthening our ties with every community. With regards to this particular incident, I want to be clear that it was filmed in Ely more than five years ago and we do not believe that any formal complaint was ever received in relation to the officer's actions.

"I want to reassure you that I am committed to ensuring all officers and staff act with the upmost integrity and professionalism."
