```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Our Fenland team is looking for a volunteer to work with them to share updates on social media about the team\u2019s activity."
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2018
title: Volunteer wanted for Fenland policing team
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Fenland-social-media-PSV
```

Our Fenland team is looking for a volunteer to work with them to share updates on social media about the team's activity.

A position has opened for a social media Police Support Volunteer (PSV) to help free up officers' time by working closely with the team to use a range of online communication tools to engage with communities in the Fenland area.

Social media platforms enable us to keep our communities updated about the work which is carried out on a daily basis and to also share important advice around emerging issues. The volunteer will help officers increase visibility by providing regular updates to the community.

They should have a good level of verbal and written skills, knowledge and understanding of social media as communication tools, communications related qualification or related experience is preferable but not essential. They should also be open to new ideas, use their initiative to find creative ways to solve problems and have a knowledge and understanding of traditional media.

Inspector Ian Lombardo, who will manage the volunteer, said: "Social media is an important tool which enables us to engage with our local community. While the team regularly provides updates on their activity, we would like to be doing much more and sharing all the good work that is happening on a daily basis, but which often goes unseen.

"The successful applicant will work closely with the Fenland policing teams, reporting directly to myself, and will get to see what life is really like behind the thin blue line."

Anyone wanting to apply for the position should email PSV@cambs.pnn.police.uk with 'Fenland social media PSV' in the subject of the email to ensure the application reaches the right team.

The email should include your CV as either a Word document or PDF attachment along with a summary in the main body of the email detailing why you wish to volunteer and what attributes and qualities you feel you could bring to this position. This summary should be no more than 500 words.

All applications must be submitted no later than 5pm on Tuesday 28 August. Shortlisted applicants will then be asked to attend an interview, details of which will be communicated by email.

For full details about the role, please click here.
