```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A DRIVER who got out of his car on the A14, ran towards another motorist and assaulted him at the road side has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2019
title: Road rage driver sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/william-deadman-road-rage
```

A DRIVER who got out of his car on the A14, ran towards another motorist and assaulted him at the road side has been sentenced.

William Deadman, 41, opened the victim's car door and, in a rage, punched him to the face, grabbed his car keys and jabbed him in the leg with them.

He then pulled the victim out of his vehicle and into the carriageway before a female motorist intervened and he drove off.

Deadman had been driving back to Birmingham after visiting family in Cambridge and had reacted furiously after believing the victim had pulled in front of him at Girton.

The victim suffered significant swelling to his face and received a small wound to his leg.

Deadman, of Brickenhill Lane, Birmingham, pleaded guilty to assault causing actual bodily harm and driving without due care and attention.

On Thursday (15 August) he was sentenced to 16 weeks imprisonment, suspended for 12 months, along with a nine month driving disqualification for dangerous driving. In addition, he was also ordered to complete 120 hours of unpaid work and pay £250 victim compensation and £1200 prosecution costs.

PC Katie Housham said: "Deadman put not only himself and the victim in danger, but many other road users on the busy A14. The victim was a young driver who was very scared by Deadman's behaviour.

"The dash cam footage in this case was key to the prosecution. If you believe you have seen dangerous or careless driving, you should always report it to us rather than taking matters into your own hands."

Anyone with information about dangerous driving is urged to contact police either online at _www.cambs.police.uk/report_ or call 101.
