```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man and woman have been sentenced after attempting to sneak drugs into HMP Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 14 Dec 2020
title: Pair conspired to sneak Spice into prison
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pair-conspired-to-sneak-spice-into-prison
```

A man and woman have been sentenced after attempting to sneak drugs into HMP Peterborough.

Sharna Norfield, 30, visited Sean Davies, 33, in prison on 23 January last year.

A prison officer who was observing the visit on CCTV saw Norfield take an item from her boot and slip it into Davies' shoe.

Prison staff intervened and found a small package wrapped in cling film. Davis was returned to his cell and Norfield was immediately detained.

Norfield initially claimed to prison staff that the item was just pictures drawn by her children. But she later admitted this was not true.

Analysis of the package identified about £3000 worth of Spice, a class B drug, was within in the drawings.

Further phone inquiries found a number of messages exchanged between Norfield and Davis relating to the drugs being brought into prison and money being transferred to Norfield's account.

The messages revealed that in the days leading up to the arrest, the pair discussed getting the 'spice paper', what to draw on it and what type of pen to use.

They were both sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (10 December).

Norfield, of Ringstead Road, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to bringing a list A prohibited article into a prison and conspiracy to supply class B drugs. She was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for two years.

Davies, of HMP Isle of Wight, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class B drugs and possession of a class B drug and was sentenced to nine months in prison.

**DC Leeza Phillips said:** "The pair clearly conspired to sneak drugs into the prison, however, thanks to an eagle-eyed prison officer they were caught red-handed.

"I hope this goes to show how seriously these sorts of crimes are taken and our commitment to tackling the supply of drugs wherever it may be."
