```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Retired officers were paired with the force
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2020
title: The history behind these important numbers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/collar-numbers-new-tradition-cambridgeshire-constabulary
```

Nine retired officers handed over their collar numbers in person to our newest recruits - but what's the story behind them?

​At a passing out ceremony held at force HQ yesterday (3 February) and heralding a new tradition for the force, nine retired officers attended and ceremonially handed over their old collar numbers to nine of the new recruits.

The force's sixteen newest recruits were assigned collar numbers previously given to retired officers - and nine of these were handed over in person yesterday (3 February) by the retired officers themselves.

Below are the stories behind each collar number.

## Read more about the passing out parade here.

###

### Cheryl Heasman

Cheryl Heasman passed on her collar number (376) to new officer Ali Kent. Cheryl joined the constabulary in November 1978 and worked in Cambridge before moving to the force's stolen cycle squad.

Cheryl worked her way up to Detective Constable, specialising in burglary, vehicle crime and sexual offences. In 1985 she was the only female officer on the newly-formed surveillance team where she worked until 1988.

Cheryl was then successful in applying to be the first woman on the Cambs, Norfolk and Suffolk regional crime squad. In 1993 she became a field intelligence officer and had two secondments to the National Crime Intelligence Service. Cheryl also worked in the anti-corruption unit and retired in November 2008.

### Susan Stonebridge

Susan Stonebridge handed over her collar number (86) to Christian Effenburg. Susan joined the force in 1982 and worked in Cambridge, Huntingdon, St Neots and St Ives. In 2005 she moved onto Action for Justice working to safeguard vulnerable adults.

Susan worked as a response officer after this, and worked on an arson investigation where the victims had suffered millions of pounds worth of damage.

Susan arranged it so that her last working day before retirement was the on the sentencing date of those responsible.

She was handed a judge's commendation for her heroics, and on the same day also celebrated her 50th birthday. Susan had served for 30 years in the force.

### Christopher Bradley

Retired officer Christopher Bradley handed over his collar number (1030) to Ashley Hammersley. Christopher joined the force in 1981 and worked in Peterborough and Cambridge and also worked as a traffic officer in St Ives, Cambridge and Bottisham.

He also worked in neighbourhood policing, on the major crime team and in the force control room. Christopher retired on 31 August 2011 after 30 years' service.

### Michael Sampson

Michael Sampson passed on his collar number (2053) to new officer Toby Wilding. Michael transferred from South Wales Constabulary in 1985 and initially worked at Thorpe Wood before moving to work as acting sergeant in the force control room.

He was promoted to inspector in 1998 and four years later moved back to Peterborough as a response inspector. Michael finished his career as the community cohesion inspector at Bridge Street and retired in June 2009.

### Vanessa Firn

Retired officer Vanessa Firn handed over her collar number (506) to Natasha Morgan. Vanessa joined the force in 1982 and worked in Peterborough and St Ives. She later joined the surveillance team at force HQ and then worked in the serious crime team.

Vanessa had her son (also now training to be a police officer) in 1995 before returning as a drugs intelligence officer. Vanessa moved to the College of Policing and became the National Training Intelligence Co-ordinator.

In the run up to the 2012 London Olympics Vanessa trained everyone in the Olympic Intelligence Centre before retiring in December 2013.

### Melanie Barrett

Melanie Barrett handed over her collar number (2007) to new recruit Freya Mackinnon. Melanie joined the force in 1981 and worked as a traffic officer in Peterborough before moving to work in the force control room.

She had further roles in operational support and as a traffic patrol officer in Cambridge.

Melanie was promoted to inspector in 1996 and then temporary superintendent in 2007 before her final role as chief inspector of roads policing, firearms and dogs. She retired in December 2011 having served 30 years as a uniformed officer.

### Richard 'Harry' Stonebridge

Richard 'Harry' Stonebridge gave his collar number (859) to Matt Simpson. Richard joined the force in 1979 and worked in Cambridge before spending seven years as a detective constable.

During this time he spent 18 months on a fraud investigation into a stud farm. He was promoted to sergeant and worked in traffic before working in the control room as Oscar 1 and then as a staff officer to a Chief Superintendent.

### Timothy Stonebridge

Retired officer Timothy Stonebridge handed over his collar number (582) to new officer Leo Clarke. Timothy joined the force in 1978 and worked in Peterborough and Huntingdon before working in traffic. Timothy then joined the newly-formed tactical firearms unit, created to provide protection to Prime Minister John Major.

Timothy was promoted to sergeant in 1001 and worked investigating fatal and likely to prove collisions. He retired in September 1998 after completing 30 years' service, but remained as a civilian vehicle recovery liaison officer where he worked until 2015.

### Peter Baulk

Peter Baulk handed over his collar number (132) to new officer James Cullimore (pictured below with Chief Constable Nick Dean). Peter joined the Mid-Anglia Constabulary in 1973 and worked in Huntingdon, St Neots and Cambridge.

He was given the responsibility of implementing to VIPER identification system, now adopted nationally. Peter retired on 28 October 2010 having completed 37 years and five months service.
