```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Motorcyclists are being reminded to take their safety seriously as part of a week-long national motorbike campaign.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2018
title: "Police target riders in \u2018national motorcycle week of action\u2019"
url: "https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-target-riders-in-\u2018national-motorcycle-week-of-action\u2019-Aug-18"
```

Motorcyclists are being reminded to take their safety seriously as part of a week-long national motorbike campaign.

During the week, Monday 27 August to 2 September, traffic officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire road policing unit will be out giving advice to motorcyclists as well as issuing fines.

Traffic officers will be looking at motorcyclists who are a danger to themselves and others through dangerous riding or unroadworthy bikes.

Patrols will focus on education and enforcement as part of work to reduce the number of motorcyclists seriously injured or killed across the three counties.

Last year four motorcyclists were killed and 79 seriously injured on Cambridgeshire roads.

Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire road policing unit will be out giving advice to motorcyclists as well as issuing fines.

Drivers are reminded of the importance of watching out for bikers and always looking carefully when pulling out of junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

Traffic officers will be out on the county's roads giving advice to motorcyclists about staying safe on the roads, offering information about choosing the right helmet, wearing the right gear, riding 'defensively' and offering further training to improve performance and safety.

Casualty Reduction Sergeant Ian Manley said: "Sadly, motorcyclists are still among the most vulnerable road users and that is why it's so important they are extra vigilant.

"We are asking all bikers to take their time, plan their rides and think 'safety'."

Earlier this year the force asked riders 'Whose world are you?', as part of a new road safety campaign to encourage them to take a little extra care on the roads.

The campaign delivered the message to bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world, and encouraged them to share pictures of them with that person on social media using #WhoseWorldAreYou.

The campaign also aimed to humanise riders to other motorists, by showing the person behind the helmet, so they are more likely to see them on the road.

Patrols will focus on education and enforcement as part of work to reduce the number of motorcyclists seriously injured or killed across the three counties.
