```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A St Ives drug dealer has been sentenced to more than two years in prison after eagle-eyed officers spotted a drug deal.
publish:
  date: 28 May 2019
title: Eagled-eyed officers spot St Ives drug deal
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Daniel-Currell
```

A St Ives drug dealer has been sentenced to more than two years in prison after eagle-eyed officers spotted a drug deal.

Officers were at the War Memorial Parade in St Ives on 12 November 2017 when they witnessed suspicious activity in a grey BMW.

As the car drove away officers pulled it over, discovering the driver, 22-year-old Daniel Currell, to be in possession of what they believed to be several bags of cocaine.

Currell, of Fairfields Crescent, St Ives, was arrested and admitted the drugs were his, but claimed they were for personal use.

A police drugs expert examined Currell's mobile phone, along with other seized items, and found conversations which indicated the stash was not for personal consumption.

Earlier this month, Currell admitted being concerned in the supply of cocaine, possession with intent to supply cocaine, possession of cocaine and possession of cannabis and today (Tuesday, 28 May) was jailed for two years and five months at Peterborough Crown Court.

Detective Constable Neil Patrick said: "This was a good spot by our officers, who were out in the community that day. Drug dealing can have devastating effects on our communities and piece-by-piece we are cracking down on these networks and making our streets safer."

Anyone with information about drug dealing in Cambridgeshire is urged to report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report or call 101.
