```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A paedophile from Peterborough has been placed on the Sex Offenders Register for ten years.
publish:
  date: 28 Jan 2020
title: Peterborough paedophile sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Peterborough-paedophile-sentenced
```

A paedophile from Peterborough has been placed on the Sex Offenders Register for ten years.

Edward Hamilton, 36, was brought to the police's attention in July 2016 after his IP address had been used to upload indecent images of children online.

Officers from the force's Paedophile Online Investigation Team (POLIT) visited Hamilton at his house in Oxney Grange, Peterborough, on the morning of 7 December 2018.

During a search of the property several electronic devices were seized for forensic examination, which later revealed 42 indecent images on his laptop, seven of which were classed as category A - the most severe.

Hamilton was also sentenced to eight months in prison, suspended for 18 months, and handed a ten-year sexual harm prevention order (SHPO) at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (27 January) after pleading guilty to three counts of making indecent images of children.

DS Julia Boon said: "Children are victimised not only when they are abused and an image is first taken, but repeatedly every time that image is viewed.

"Thanks to this sentence we will have the necessary powers to monitor Hamilton's online activity for the next ten years, minimising the risk of further harm to the public."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, visit the force website: www.cambs.police.uk/childprotection.

Anyone who has concerns about child abuse should contact police on 101 (or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report), children's social care or the NSPCC. If a child is in immediate danger always call 999.
