```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A \u2018county lines\u2019 drug dealer who tried to hide more than 60 wraps of cocaine from police has been jailed for more than six years."
publish:
  date: 5 Nov 2018
title: County lines drug dealer jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/county-lines-drug-dealer-jailed
```

A 'county lines' drug dealer who tried to hide more than 60 wraps of cocaine from police has been jailed for more than six years.

Yves Ntuali-Ikolo, 21, was found at a flat in Nuns Way, Cambridge, on 23 July this year after police were told drugs may be being dealt from the address.

The occupant of the flat is a local class A drug user, but on arrival police instead discovered the defendant.

At first, there was no answer to repeated door knocking but after a few minutes, one officer spotted Ntuali-Ikolo at the rear window who immediately tried to hide.

The defendant took a while to come to the door, but eventually let police in before slouching on the sofa with his trousers down just above his knees and his belt undone.

Cambridge Crown Court heard how he was arrested by police, with officers believing he had concealed drugs.

Ntuali-Ikolo, of Chicele Gardens, Croydon, Surrey, was found in possession of the front door key to the flat and £66 in cash.

A small amount of cannabis was found under the sofa and a large black knife behind it.

As well as this, a phone was seized from Ntuali-Ikolo. The contact list had been deleted, but was recovered and contained names and numbers of known crack cocaine and heroin users local to Cambridge.

A further search by officers at Parkside Police Station revealed Ntuali-Ikolo had been hiding a cling film package in his underwear. The package contained 65 wraps of cocaine, with a street value of £650.

At Cambridge Crown Court on Thursday (1 November) Ntuali-Ikolo pleaded guilty to possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.

He was given a total of six years and six months in prison - which included a five year, seven month sentence for the offence itself and a further 11 months for breaching a suspended sentence.

PC Louisa Abbott said: "We have a zero tolerance policy on drugs and our priority is to remove dealers like Ntuali-Ikolo from the streets of Cambridge.

"This brilliant result not only cost the drugs line money, but also put away a drug dealer, preventing him from continuing his criminality."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report this to us by calling 101 or 999 in an emergency.

Alternatively, you can report it anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or visiting https://crimestoppers-uk.org

County lines is when organised crime groups from big cities, mainly London, extend their drug dealing into new areas.

More information about county lines can be found here: https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Drug-networking

The drugs seized from Yves Ntuali-Ikolo Custody photo of Yves Ntuali-Ikolo
