```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Residents in Arbury and West Chesterton still have time to take advantage of a home security campaign.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2021
title: Still time to take advantage of home security campaign
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/safer-streets-march
```

Residents in Arbury and West Chesterton still have time to take advantage of a home security campaign.

Funded by the Home Office, the six-month long 'Safer Streets' campaign launched in October last year to offer residents burglary packs containing advice and crime prevention products such as window alarms.

In 2019 there were 89 reported burglary offences in the areas and they were subsequently identified as places which would most benefit from the project.

The initiative has seen Cambridgeshire Constabulary, Cambridge City Council and community-led organisations such as Neighbourhood Watch work together to support their communities and improve home security.

The project is due to end on 31 March but there is still time to get in touch if you would like to speak to someone about burglary prevention.

Carol Aston, a Designing Out Crime Officer for the force and manager of the project, said: "Tackling burglary isn't just about catching burglars, it's also about how you can prevent it from happening in the first place.

"Burglary can leave lasting impacts on victims and leave them feeling unsafe in their own home.

"If you are over 60 or know a friend, family member or neighbour who is, you can apply for a member of the Bobby Scheme team to visit your home to assess your security. Alternatively, we can send you one of our crime prevention pack."

For more information email cambridgesaferstreets@cambs.pnn.police.uk
