```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Peterborough drug dealer has been jailed for more than four years after police found thousands of pounds worth class A drugs at his home.
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2019
title: Peterborough drug dealer sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/peterborough-drug-dealer-sentenced
```

A Peterborough drug dealer has been jailed for more than four years after police found thousands of pounds worth class A drugs at his home.

Officers were preparing to conduct a warrant at Adrian Lotmore's home in Wilberforce Road on 21 August when they saw him drive away in his BMW.

Lotmore, 35, was followed and stopped 100 metres from his home. Officers discovered wrapped up white powder in his front waistband, which was later found to be cocaine.

While Lotmore was being searched, the warrant was executed at his home by officers from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU).

They found 390g of cocaine, worth between £12,000 and £16,700, more than £1000 in cash, cling film, a metal block press, a hydraulic press and a blender containing white powder residue.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and taken into custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station.

Lotmore admitted the offence and was sentenced to four years and nine months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (12 December).

Detective Inspector James Panter said: "Lotmore was not your average street drug dealer, he was running an operation to cut and distribute a significant quantity of class A drugs.

"Drugs underpin a range of criminality and can also have a devastating impact on people's lives. We're pleased Lotmore has therefore been given a sentence which reflects the severity of his offending, and we will continue to work hard to tackle those who seek to supply class A drugs across the eastern region."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report this to us online at www.cambs.police.uk/report or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
