```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2018
title: Distraction burglaries and rogue trading in Cambridge
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Distraction-burglaries-rogue-trading-Cambridge
```

We're urging Cambridge residents to be alert following a number of distraction burglaries and rogue trading incidents in the city this week.

On Tuesday (13 March) at about 3.30pm a distraction burglary took place in Chantry Close where three men said they were in the area fixing guttering. One of the men persuaded the victim to let him into the property to get some water, before stealing £700 in cash.

At about 2.30pm on the same day, two men called at a property in Stone Street in Cambridge. They told the occupant that they needed some water as they were fixing drains in the street. Whilst the victim was distracted one of the men searched the property, but left empty handed.

In addition to these two incidents there have been reports of rogue trading in Cheddars Lane, Ross Street and Staffordshire Street this week. These involve gardening or gutter repairs being done unnecessarily or to a poor standard, where the victim is charged an excessive amount of money.

The men are described as white, two aged 20-40 and the third 40-60. In some of the incidents they are described as wearing blue overalls.

Community Safety Officer Kate Thwaites said: "These men appear to be targeting elderly or vulnerable people in the community. It's a despicable act and I'd urge anyone with information to come forward.

"If you have an elderly relative or neighbour who lives alone it's worth talking to them about this type of activity.

"There is important advice we are trying to promote to prevent these cowardly offenders from getting into people's homes."

To reduce the risk of becoming the victim of a distraction burglar or rogue trader, always remember:

**LOCK -** Is your back door locked? If not, lock it before you answer the front door as distraction burglars often work in pairs - one distracts, while the other steals

**STOP** \- Are you expecting anybody?

**CHAIN** \- Put this on before you open the door. If you have not got one, it is a worthwhile investment. It will give you that extra 'safe space' and barrier between you and the caller and then,

**CHECK** \- Ask for their identification card, take it and look at it carefully. Close the door and check the number in the phone book - not the number on the card. If they are genuine they will not mind waiting or coming back another day.

Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CF0136340318 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
