```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: With Bonfire Night fast approaching, Cambridgeshire Constabulary are urging the public to enjoy the celebrations safely.
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2019
title: Have a blast this Bonfire Night
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/have-blast-this-bonfire-night
```

With Bonfire Night fast approaching, Cambridgeshire Constabulary are urging the public to enjoy the celebrations safely.

The next week will see families and friends gathered in gardens and fields across the county watching all kinds of dazzling displays.

However with the sparklers and Catherine wheels there are risks and restrictions to be aware of to ensure your evening goes unspoilt. For an enjoyable and stress free evening, make sure you:

 * Only buy fireworks if you're over 18 years of age
 * Keep sparklers away from children under the age of five and supervise older children when in use
 * Only ignite fireworks at suitable times. It's illegal to set off fireworks between 11pm and 7am except on;
 * November 5 (Bonfire Night) until midnight
 * New Year's Eve until 1am the following day
 * Chinese New Year until 1am the following day
 * Diwali until 1am the following day
 * Do not throw fireworks in a public place
 * Are not in possession of fireworks if you're under 18.

Inspector Rachel Gourlay said: "While we all enjoy a good firework display and encourage people to enjoy the festivities, it's important to be aware of potential risks and dangers.

"On Bonfire Night last year we received nine calls about fireworks including people setting them off at people, cars and in bins. Calls like this can take us away from protecting those most in need and are easily avoidable.

"If you're going to be participating in the celebrations next week, please do so sensibly."

Group Commander Paul Clarke, Head of Community Fire Safety at Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service, said: "We wish everyone a happy time this Bonfire Night and being safe while enjoying yourself should always be a priority.

"Crews are often called to incidents involving bonfires, fireworks and candles that become out of control that can be easily avoided.

"We are aware people like to host their own displays in their gardens and would urge these people to follow our simple firework and bonfire safety tips to help ensure they are staying safe."
