```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A closure order has been granted on a Peterborough home in a bid to stop anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 31 Mar 2021
title: Closure order granted to stop anti-social behaviour
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Closure-order-granted-in-peterborough
```

A closure order has been granted on a Peterborough home in a bid to stop anti-social behaviour.

The order was issued to 54 Kestevens Walk, Peterborough, today (31 March) after a successful application from police to Peterborough Magistrates' Court.

The action came as a result of frequent reports of anti-social behaviour including drug-related activity coming from the property.

A full closure order was granted and the property will be closed for three months.

Police Sergeant Andy Morris from the Neighbourhood Policing team, said: "I am pleased with the result of today's hearing and I'm proud of the efforts of my team to secure this closure order, particularly PC Alastair Scott, the officer in charge of obtaining the closure order.

"I know this order will make a really positive difference to the quality of life of the affected residents and should serve as a reminder to those who continue to make life a misery for their neighbours, that the we will not tolerate it.

"We will take positive action and work in partnership to reduce this behaviour. I would also like to thank our colleagues at Cross Keys Homes for their support in enforcing the closure"

The force's new 'Stay In, Speak Out' campaign encourages residents who are staying at home because of the Coronavirus pandemic to report any concerns or suspicious behaviour in their community. You can contact police via the force's online web chat function here: https://bit.ly/2PECOed

For more information on drug dealing and how to report it: https://bit.ly/3dqhVeU
