```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police have issued a reminder of the dangers of drink driving after nine motorists were arrested for drink driving in Peterborough over the weekend.
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Reminder about the dangers of drink driving
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/reminder-about-the-dangers-of-drink-driving
```

Police have issued a reminder of the dangers of drink driving after nine motorists were arrested for drink driving in Peterborough over the weekend.

PC Jon Morris, casualty reduction officer, said: "This is a shocking number, especially considering pubs and restaurants are closed. Even a small amount of alcohol can affect your driving ability.

"There is no excuse for driving whilst under the influence of alcohol as it creates a feeling of overconfidence, makes judging distance and speed more difficult and slows your response reactions.

"Remember, our officers can't be everywhere but they could be anywhere, so please don't gamble with your life or your future by driving after consuming alcohol. It's really not worth the risk."

Five out of the nine people arrested were charged, two were released under investigation and two have been released with no further action.

The force operates a dedicated, confidential hotline for members of the public to report drink or drug driving.

The hotline, 0800 032 0845, is available 24/7 and gives people the chance to supply the police with information to help reduce the number of drink or drug drivers on the county's roads.

Being caught drink or drug driving could result in a 12-month driving ban, up to six months in prison, a fine of up to £2,500 and a criminal record.

For more information about drink or drug driving, the law and the dangers it can cause, visit www.cambs.police.uk/drinkdrugdriving
