```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We are urging members of the public to be vigilant following a number of reports of fraud in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 25 Jul 2019
title: Fraud warning as Peterborough residents targeted
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Peterborough-fraud-Op-Anlaby
```

We are urging members of the public to be vigilant following a number of reports of fraud in Peterborough.

Since April there have been nine reports of the same nature, with four offences having taken place in July.

In all instances a man has approached the victims, all but one aged between 63 and 81, claiming to be a new neighbour and needing to borrow some money to pay for a locksmith or car repairs because he's locked himself out of his house or car.

On some occasions he asked the victims for a lift into town and has then asked to borrow the money, asking for them to draw £250 out from a cash machine.

The man is described as Asian, about 5'5" tall, stocky build, in his 30s to 40s, with a British accent, black swept back hair and stubble. On some occasions he is described as wearing a high visibility vest over his clothes.

Detective Sergeant Hayley Carter said: "This man is clearly targeting people and we want to put an end to this. I am urging anyone with information about who this man is to contact us.

"I would also urge anyone who has encountered a similar situation to report it to us, even if no money was handed over."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report.

Dates and locations of the nine reported offences are:

 * Ingleborough, city centre - 26 April
 * Shakespeare Avenue, city centre - 5 May
 * Oakleaf Road, city centre - 6 May
 * Westfield Road, West Town - 19 May
 * Garton End Road, city centre - 24 June
 * Broadway, city centre - 10 July
 * Sages Lane, Werrington - 10 July
 * Lewes Gardens, Werrington - 14 July
 * Lincoln Road, Werrington - 16 July
