```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A pair of drug dealers caught with a stash of heroin and crack cocaine have been jailed.
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2020
title: Prison for pair of drug dealers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bhogal-bite
```

A pair of drug dealers caught with a stash of heroin and crack cocaine have been jailed.

Police officers were on patrol in Rowlinson Way, Cambridge in January when they spotted a vehicle full of people driving around a cul-de-sac.

They stopped the vehicle and inside found 24-year-old Harmanjot Bhogal with a bundle of wraps with a street value of almost £400 and more than £1,000 in cash. Matins Bite, 20, was also found with two mobile phones and more than £200 in cash.

At Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (16 September) Bhogal, of no fixed abode was sentenced to 30 months in prison after previously pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

She was given a further 12 months for two counts of assaulting an emergency worker, racially aggravated threatening behaviour, failing to surrender and breach of a suspended sentence after she shouted abuse at, kicked and dug her nails into the arms of an officer in Cambridge in November last year.

Bite, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to 30 months in a young offenders' institute after previously pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin, failing to surrender and possession of cannabis.

PC Ross Spalthoff from the southern neighbourhood support team said: "The quantity of drugs and packages we seized was typical of those having been prepared for distribution at street level.

"These sentences reflect how seriously the courts take drug dealing and will see the pair away from Cambridge for a substantial amount of time."
