```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Robert Duquemin, 53, died of a ruptured spleen as a result of blunt force trauma
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2020
title: Two charged after man's death near Ramsey
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Op-Radius-Robert-Duquemin-two-charged
```

Police have charged two people after the death of a man in Bury, near Ramsey, last year.

Robert Duquemin, 53, died at a property in Ringwood Close on the morning of 10 October.

Mr Duquemin was the victim of an assault on Saturday 5 October at his home in Percy Green Place, Huntingdon.

At the time, a 23-year-old man from Huntingdon was arrested in connection with the assault and was released on police bail.

A postmortem concluded Mr Duquemin died of a ruptured spleen as a result of blunt force trauma.

Officers continued to investigate the circumstances of the assault and the subsequent death of Mr Duquemin, which was treated as an isolated incident.

Yesterday (16 September) police made two further arrests and that same evening, charged two people in relation to Mr Duquemin's death.

Yanick Beresford, 24, of Orthwaite, Huntingdon, has been charged with murder, two counts of attempted murder, supplying class A drugs and supplying class B drugs.

Aiste Paulauskaite, 20, of Spring Close, Huntingdon, has been charged with assisting an offender, supplying class A drugs and supplying class B drugs.

Beresford's attempted murder charges relate to an incident in Huntingdon on 5 October last year, in which a car was allegedly driven at two people, causing one of them serious injuries.

Both are due to appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court this morning (17 September) for their first hearing.
