```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who repeatedly kicked his ex-partner in the face while she sat on the floor has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 25 Feb 2021
title: Man jailed following attack on ex-girlfriend
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-following-attack-on-ex-girlfriend-feb-2021
```

A man who repeatedly kicked his ex-partner in the face while she sat on the floor has been jailed.

Lewis Habergham, 29, saw the victim walking in Cambridge in November last year and began attempting to rekindle their relationship,

But his advances were rejected and he punched her in the face in the street. He followed her back to her home and forced his way in, refusing several times to leave.

The following day the victim pleaded with Habergham to leave but he refused and as she sat on the floor, he repeatedly kicked her in the face. He then grabbed an ashtray and poured the contents into her mouth before throwing it at her head.

Finally, he stole a bottle of Versace aftershave before leaving.

The following day he was arrested and later admitted charges of breaching a restraining order, assault occasioning ABH, assault and theft.

Last week on Thursday, 18 February, Habergham, of Histon Road, Cambridge, was jailed for three years and 18 weeks at Peterborough Crown Court.

Detective Sergeant Mike Barnshaw said: "This was a particularly nasty assault and I would like to applaud the courage shown by the victim throughout her ordeal.

"No-one deserves to be attacked, especially in their own home, and I am happy we were able to bring Habergham to justice before he was able to do any more harm.

"Tackling domestic abuse remains a force priority and I hope this sentence sends a clear message that we are there for victims and will do all we can to protect them."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, click here.
