```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "\u200BPolice officers and staff across Cambridgeshire will be joining together on Tuesday, 26 November, to hold a burglary day of action."
publish:
  date: 25 Nov 2019
title: Teams prepare for burglary day of action
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Teams-prepare-for-burglary-day-of-action
```

Police officers and staff across Cambridgeshire will be joining together on Tuesday, 26 November, to hold a burglary day of action.

​The day aims to not only highlight the good work of the force and apprehend burglars, but also to help prevent incidents by arming people with knowledge and tools to protect their homes and property.

Detective Chief Inspector, Dan Middleton, said: "Burglary is a priority area for the force and we are determined to make life incredibly difficult for potential criminals and keep lowering the number of incidents across the county.

"There are a number of ways we tackle it. Firstly, we are extremely proactive on emerging series' - identifying similarities in crimes quickly and compiling appropriate action plans to combat them.

"We spend a lot of time focussing on prolific offenders, mapping their movements, honing in on them and, ultimately, arresting them.

"Our specialist teams in the north and south of the county know their patches like the backs of their hands and have a real grip on the movements within their areas and any intelligence doing the rounds.

"Finally, in July this year we introduced GPS tagging, which gives us better control of suspects out and about in the community and we have a no tolerance approach to any breaches.

"We will not become complacent in our efforts and remain focussed on preventing burglaries and bringing perpetrators to justice."

**Crime prevention events **

As part of the day, there are a number of crime prevention events happening across the county, including…

 * Crime prevention officers in the south of the county will be targeting The Westering, Sunnyside, The Homing and Meadowlands Road - speaking to locals and handing out burglary packs

 * They will also be offering security measures to residents in Ascham Road and Atherton Close.

 * There will be a drop-in event at Soham Library from 10am-12pm for residents to seek advice on protecting their homes

 * Crime prevention officers in the north of the county will be at Whittlesey Library from 9.30-11.30am and Wisbech library from 12.30-2.30pm offering security advice with demonstrations of crime reduction products

 * Crime prevention officers in Peterborough will be holding a Facebook Live event and Q&A session on the Policing Peterborough Facebook page at 10am

 * There will also be a crime prevention event held in Sugar Way from 2.30pm
