```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who attempted to vandalise a council building, threatened staff and also threatened staff at Peterborough City Hospital has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2021
title: Man tried to vandalise council building using a rat trap
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-tried-to-vandalise-council-building-using-rat-trap
```

A man who attempted to vandalise a council building, threatened staff and also threatened staff at Peterborough City Hospital has been jailed.

Wayne Stimson, 49, repeatedly and forcefully kicked the automatic doors of a Peterborough City Council building on 11 November before picking up a rat trap and throwing it at the window.

No damage was caused, but Stimson also threatened staff who worked in the building.

On the same day, Stimson made threatening and abusive phone calls and left threatening messages for Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Foundation Trust (CPFT) staff who worked in a different building in the city.

Police were called and Stimson was charged with a public order offence.

A day earlier on 10 November, Stimson had attended Peterborough City Hospital and made threats to kill a CPFT nurse.

Stimson, of Brewster Avenue, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to threatening behaviour, attempted criminal damage and two counts of malicious communication.

He was sentenced to six months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (4 March) and was handed a Criminal Behaviour Order for five years.

PC Chris Arnold, who investigated, said: "Stimson continually made a nuisance of himself and made threats to those who tried to help him.

"I am glad justice has been served and I hope the addition of the five-year Criminal Behaviour Order will provide some respite for those places Stimson targeted."
