```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The Neighbourhood Policing Team in Fenland have dedicated their time in response to a series of non-dwelling burglaries in Chatteris and Doddington in recent weeks.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2019
title: Neighbourhood team put a stop to shed break-in series
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Chatteris-shed-break-ins
```

The Neighbourhood Policing Team in Fenland have dedicated their time in response to a series of non-dwelling burglaries in Chatteris and Doddington in recent weeks.

More than 30 crimes were reported where burglars had broken into sheds and outbuildings, in most cases making off with tools and gardening equipment.

The team scoured hours of CCTV footage, identified witnesses and carried out patrols, resulting in the arrest of two local men.

Sergeant Richard Lugg, from the Fenland Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "I want to thank everyone who took the time to report a crime to us. All the information combined allowed us to identify the severity of the problem, track movement of suspects, identify them and their vehicles and make the arrests.

"Please do continue to report information to us, whether that is to report a crime or information about a crime or suspicious activity. It enables us to build up a picture and take action against those who do not adhere to the law."

Two men, both aged 20 and from the Chatteris area, have been given conditional cautions for the offences.

They must:

 * Attend an assessment and follow up sessions to help them understand how their behaviour has affected others and help them change it, diverting them from further criminality
 * Attend an assessment regarding the suitability to engage in restorative justice with the victims
 * Together pay a total of £400 in compensation to the victims of the crimes they have been linked to

Failure to comply with any of these conditions will result in their arrest and charge.

Since the arrests of the two men there have not been any further reports of non-dwelling burglaries in the Chatteris and Doddington areas.

Anyone with information about burglary can report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report or call us on 101. Advice and information about how to best protect your home and your belongings is available on the force website https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Gardens-and-outbuildings.
