```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Bradley Schofield failed to see cyclist Paul Sims as he turned out of a junction
publish:
  date: 2 Feb 2021
title: Driver killed "much-loved" cyclist
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bradley-schofield-leverington-collision-sentencing
```

A driver who killed a cyclist after failing to see him when turning out of a junction has been sentenced.

Bradley Schofield, of Foul Anchor, Tydd, Wisbech, was driving his Vauxhall Astra in Fitton End Road on 23 April, 2019.

The 20-year-old turned at the junction to join Roman Bank, Leverington, at just before 6.30pm but struck 68-year-old Paul Sims as he did so.

Mr Sims, from Wisbech St Mary, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries but died three weeks later (14 May) from his injuries.

A forensic collision investigation report concluded Schofield had failed to see Mr Sims and his friend as they cycled and as he turned directly into their path.

The report noted that Schofield should have been able to see them and the exact reason why he failed to do so was unclear, but he did not take extra care when pulling out of the junction.

In police interview, Schofield said he didn't see the cyclists as he turned and claimed there must have been a blind spot created by the pillar of the car.

Schofield was later served with a postal requisition charging him with causing death by careless or inconsiderate driving.

PC Rochelle Eves, who investigated, said: "It's incredibly sad when we have to attend incidents where drivers have made a mistake resulting in tragedy.

"I would urge people to ensure they pay careful attention when driving, and be particularly aware of vulnerable road users such as cyclists and pedestrians.

"We attend these kinds of incidents far too often and many are completely avoidable."

Schofield pleaded guilty to the charge at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on 29 June last year.

Today (2 February) at Peterborough Crown Court he was handed an 18-month community order. Schofield was also ordered to complete 250 hours of unpaid work and disqualified from driving for 18 months.

On the conclusion of the case, Mr Sims's family said in a statement: "As a family we feel completely robbed; this has destroyed the heart of our family and life will never be the same.

"The collision may have been an accident, but this accident was bought on by one person in a moment of carelessness, culminating in the death of a much-loved husband, father and grandfather.

"The case has taken nearly two years to conclude, but to us it will never be a closed book. Paul was an exceptionally competitive cyclist, competing all over the country and in Europe.

"We will be organising a sponsored cycle ride, hopefully later this year, in memory of Paul with several charities that helped him and are still supporting our family now. Tomorrow (3 February) would have been Paul's 70th birthday."
