```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Paul Nichols who killed another while driving his vehicle more than three times over the limit in Elton has been jailed for nine years.
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2018
title: Jail for dangerous drink driver
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drink-driver-jailed
```

A man who killed another while driving his vehicle more than three times over the limit in Elton has been jailed for nine years.

Paul Nichols, 38, of no fixed abode, was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (28 March) after previously pleading guilty to death by dangerous driving and causing death whilst uninsured.

Nichols was driving a white Suzuki Vitara along the A605 on 25 June last year when he attempted to overtake a black Peugeot 208. He collided into the side of the Peugeot before flipping his vehicle into the path of a white Peugeot Partner.

The driver of the Peugeot Partner, 51-year-old Paul Cooper of Long Buckley, Northamptonshire was sadly pronounced dead at the scene.

The driver of the Peugeot 208, a 38-year-old man and his four passengers aged 27, seven, five and two were all slightly injured. Nichols was taken to hospital for treatment for a number of fractures and a pulmonary embolism.

The crash scene at Elton

Forensic Scientist Neville Isles was asked by police to conduct an analysis on Nichols to establish his blood alcohol concentrations and concluded that he was likely to be 3.2 times over the legal limit at the time of the collision (259 milligrams per 100 millilitres of blood).

Collision investigator PC James Thorne said: "The sentence does not reflect the value that we place on a life but I hope that it serves as a stark reminder to those people who believe it acceptable to drink and drive.

"Nichols took the life of a perfectly innocent man going about his lawful business because of his selfish and deplorable attitude.

"I would urge people to report others who they may suspect of drink driving. It could ultimately save a great deal of heart ache and even a life."

Nichols was given a 15 year disqualification from driving and ordered to sit an extended re-test.

Anyone who suspects someone of drink driving can contact police via their confidential drink drive hotline on 0800 032 0845.

Jailed: Paul Nichols
