```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary is supporting a national campaign to stand against domestic abuse.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2021
title: Force stands against domestic abuse
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-stands-against-domestic-abuse
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary is supporting a national campaign to stand against domestic abuse.

Sunday (7 March) marks the start of UK Says No More Week, an annual seven-day event which aims to raise awareness and put a stop to abuse.

In support of the campaign, Chief Constable Nick Dean (pictured) has signed the 'No More' pledge in a bid to prevent victims from suffering in silence.

Throughout the week, the force will be highlighting its commitment to tackling all forms of domestic abuse and the help available to victims or concerned loved ones.

In the past six months (August 2020 to January 2021), officers arrested 1,364 people on suspicion of domestic abuse related offences in Cambridgeshire. A key aim of the campaign is to encourage people to report abuse so that action can continue to be taken against dangerous perpetrators. A special focus will also be on urging third parties, such as friends, family and neighbours, to speak out and be the voice for a victim feeling powerless.

**Detective Sergeant Mark Little said** : "Sadly home is not always a place of safety and it is a heart-breaking reality that many victims will be suffering alone during lockdown.

"But we want those who are experiencing abuse to know that we remain here for them 24/7 and there's a number of discreet ways of contacting us when in need. We have a web-chat and online reporting facility and of course the there's the silent solution system where you can dial 999 followed by 55 if you're in an emergency and cannot speak.

"However it's important we remember that victims can often feel trapped and powerless for many reasons and that's why we're urging concerned neighbours, friends and family members to report any concerns or suspicious activity to us. It's always better to be safe than sorry and while it may be nothing, what if it's not? Your call could help someone who is suffering escape a life of abuse.

"Our mission is simple, to protect victims and bring offenders to justice. We will not stop working tirelessly to tackle all forms of domestic abuse."

More information and advice can be found on our dedicated domestic abuse web pages.
