```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man from Peterborough who was caught growing cannabis for \u2018personal use\u2019 has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2021
title: "Prison for man who grew cannabis for \u2018personal use\u2019"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Spyros-Georgiou-sentencing-Feb2021
```

A man from Peterborough who was caught growing cannabis for 'personal use' has been jailed.

We were called out to Eastfield Road on 17 September last year following concerns for a person, however what we discovered was 15 cannabis plants.

Spyros Georgiou, 32, was arrested on suspicion of producing cannabis to which he replied "It's only 15 plants, are you going to take my medication from me? It's for personal use."

In interview he explained how he smoked cannabis to keep him calm, that it was an expensive habit therefore he decided to grow his own.

Georgiou, of Eastfield Road, was charged with producing cannabis which he admitted in court. He was also charged with a separate stalking matter.

On Friday (19 February), he appeared at Peterborough Crown Court where he was sentenced to two months in prison for each offence, plus an additional week for failing to appear in court for one of his hearings. All sentences will run back-to-back, taking his total sentence to four months and one week.

DC Gordon Logan said: "Whether this cannabis was for personal use or being sold on for a profit, producing it and possessing it is still illegal which is reflected in Georgiou being handed a prison sentence."

Information about drugs can be found on our website, along with the option to report information.

Advice about drug misuse and links to support services can also be found on our website.
