```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested after a large amount of crack cocaine was found hidden in the void between a cooker and kitchen worktop.
publish:
  date: 5 Apr 2019
title: Three people arrested on suspicion of drug dealing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-people-arrested-on-suspicion-of-drug-dealing
```

Three people have been arrested after a large amount of crack cocaine was found hidden in the void between a cooker and kitchen worktop.

Officers, who were alerted to the property in Whitehall Road, Cambridge, thanks to a tip-off from local residents, also seized mobile phones and cash.

A 39-year-old man from London and a 37-year-old man, of no fixed abode, were arrested on Wednesday (3 April) on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs.

A 41-year-old woman from Cambridge was also arrested on suspicion of permitting premises to be used to supply drugs.

All three people have been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Paul Street said: "We received information from members of the public that the Cambridge address in this incident could possibly be linked to drug dealing.

"This is a brilliant example of how reporting information to us makes a difference, and also shows the work our officers do off the back of that information.

"Sometimes a lot of work goes on behind the scenes that is not immediately obvious to members of the public - but all information supplied to us helps build a picture of what is happening in a specific area.

"I would strongly urge anyone who suspects drug activity in their area, or knows anyone who carries a weapon, to please report it to us."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report it online at www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report or call 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
