```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Drug dealers killed victim in frenzied attack
publish:
  date: 29 Jan 2019
title: Two guilty of Cambridge murder
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/murder-guilty-Cambridge
```

Two drug dealers have today been found guilty of murdering a Cambridge man in a frenzied knife attack.

Juned Ahmed, 18, and Ashraf Hussan, 20, stabbed Peter Anderson, 46, multiple times at just after 4pm on 25 July last year.

The court heard Mr Anderson, also known as Blue, had gone to the railway bridge on Stourbridge Common to buy drugs he had ordered on the phone from the 'RJ' drugs line.

It is not known whether the attack was a result of mistaken identity in relation to a robbery on Ahmed the day before, or "simply because they didn't like the way he looked", but Mr Anderson was left seriously injured.

Peter Anderson, aka Blue

Passers-by stopped to help and then paramedics and he was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital, in Cambridge, in a critical condition. However, he died shortly after arrival from a stab wound to the heart.

Ahmed, of Kings Road, Newham, London, and Hussan, of Eversleigh Road, Newham, London, pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of heroin and cocaine on the day of the murder, and Ahmed admitted being in possession of a knife.

But both claimed they were not at the railway bridge and were not involved in the killing, however, today both were found guilty of murder.

The jury at Cambridge Crown Court also found Hussan guilty of being in possession of a bladed article - a knife.

Detective Chief Inspector Al Page, from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit, said the investigation had been particularly difficult.

He said: "This was a very difficult inquiry, with no forensics, CCTV or eye-witnesses and evidence had to be painstakingly obtained and analysed.

"So it has been a great team effort to secure these convictions and I would like to thanks everyone involved, from day one.

"Peter was trying to buy drugs on Stourbridge Common on 25 July last year but he was met by the sort of brutality no one should ever have to encounter. We may never know why he was attacked but there can be no justification for what happened.

"It was not possible to establish who wielded the knife but Ahmed and Hussan were both present and intended to cause serious injury, so are responsible for Peter's murder."

Sentencing will take place on 22 February.
