```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two Peterborough men have been handed a combined total of 14 years in prison after carrying out a knife-point robbery last year (2018).
publish:
  date: 26 Aug 2019
title: Combined total of 14 years for knife-point robbers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Elvestad-Trawinski
```

Two Peterborough men have been handed a combined total of 14 years in prison after carrying out a knife-point robbery last year (2018).

Christopher Elvestad, 36, met the 25-year-old victim at the College Arms public house in Broadway, Peterborough, on 6 November.

The pair, along with another man, moved onto the Solstice nightclub in Northminster Road, before ending the night at a flat where they met 25-year-old Sam Trawinski.

The victim awoke to find Elvestad and Trawinski standing over him, each holding a knife to his throat, demanding money. He handed over his bank cards and PINs before being locked in the flat.

He found a mobile phone and managed to call police but the offenders returned, attacking him while still on the phone to police.

DC Sam Delmer said: "The call to us was harrowing, the victim was terrified for his life and pleaded with Elvestad and Trawinski not to kill him.

"He was led out of the flat, blindfolded, and told to run. Not knowing where he was, he managed to run to a main road and flag down a driver who helped him call us again."

Elvestad, of Dunstan Court, pleaded guilty to robbery, false imprisonment and assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH).

Trawinski, of Appleyard, Stanground, denied charges of robbery, false imprisonment and assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH), but was found guilty on Thursday (22 August) following a four-day trial at Cambridge Crown Court.

On Friday (23 August) both men appeared at Cambridge Crown Court where Elvestad was sentenced to a total of six years in prison and Trawinski was handed eight years.
