```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man and woman from Peterborough have been jailed after admitting burgling a Marks and Spencer store.
publish:
  date: 28 Oct 2020
title: Peterborough burglary duo jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Mckie-and-Negus-sentencing-Oct2020
```

A man and woman from Peterborough have been jailed after admitting burgling a Marks and Spencer store.

Wayne McKie, 42, of no fixed address, and Shona Negus, 32, of Burmer Road, were arrested in Maskew Avenue on 29 July in connection with a burglary at Brotherhood Retail Park.

At about 2.30am the store's alarms were activated after Mckie used a brick to smash through two glass doors.

The pair then headed to the alcohol aisle where they filled bags with alcohol worth £947.

They left the store but were followed by CCTV operators until police arrived. In an attempt not to get caught, they ran from the scene but dumped the stolen goods.

Acting quickly, police found the discarded items and caught up with Mckie and Negus who were arrested after Mckie admitted to officers he had been "caught red handed".

The pair both admitted one count of burglary and appeared at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (23 October).

Negus was sentenced to seven months in prison while Mckie was sentenced to 10 months for the same offence but was also sentenced to two years in prison for a series of burglaries at Tesco stores in Norwich and four months for a pharmacy burglary also in Norwich. All sentences will run concurrently.

DC Claire Lethbridge said: "Mckie is a prolific offender who has many convictions for burglary and theft. I'm pleased to see they have both been given time in prison as a result of their poor choices, hopefully it will give them time to reflect on their actions and choose to take their lives on a different path when they are released back into our communities."
