```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A week of action targeting drugs networks in Peterborough has seen disruption to \u2018county lines\u2019 criminality and the exploitation of vulnerable people."
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2018
title: Neighbourhood teams tackle drug networks
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/county-lines-week-of-action-Peterborough
```

A week of action targeting drugs networks in Peterborough has seen disruption to 'county lines' criminality and the exploitation of vulnerable people.

Over the last seven days officers from the Peterborough Neighbourhood Policing Team carried out a number of intelligence-led warrants, operations and community engagement in a bid to tackle drug dealing in the city.

Neighbourhood policing officers ready to set off on warrants

County lines is a term used to describe gangs, groups or drugs networks which supply drugs from bigger cities to more rural areas using dedicated mobile phone lines, or 'deal lines'.

A dealer will own a phone - the line - to take drugs orders. They then contact a third party, or an 'agent', in a smaller city to arrange delivery of the drugs to the buyer.

County lines dealers prey on vulnerable people in our communities, such as young people and drug users, to take over their homes and use them to run their business, known as cuckooing, or use young people to run their drugs.

170 wraps of cocaine seized

Last week's activity saw neighbourhood policing teams across Peterborough carry out six warrants, make 19 arrests, seize a quantity of various drugs including 170 wraps of class A substances and £1,500 cash and engage with members of the public about what signs to look out for around county lines.

County lines drug dealing is a national issue affecting the majority of force areas across the country. Locally, within Cambridgeshire the true scale of county lines criminality is difficult to determine with accuracy as its nature is fluid and the intelligence picture is not always clear.

Some of the cash seized during warrants

Superintendent Andy Gipp, Area Commander for north Cambridgeshire, said: "Last week was about disrupting the drugs market in Peterborough. Whilst we recognise drugs underpin nearly all cities, towns and villages across the world that doesn't mean we accept the impacts it has on our communities.

"We know dealers and their respective runners use the rail network which is why we worked in partnership with British Transport Police to tackle this and create a hostile environment for them. This is just one of many ways we are working to tackle the dealers.

Officers teamed up with British Transport Police

"We also teamed up with staff at HMP Peterborough to check those visiting the prison, on the lookout for anyone attempting to smuggle drugs or other contraband in to prisoners, and we had great success on Saturday working with our road policing colleagues, utilising Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) to target those using the road networks to enter our county.

"Our week of action was to remind the drug dealers and our communities of the principal role of the police - enforcement. We have worked in partnership which is key to dealing with the consequences of drugs and we will always commit to do that."
