```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Plans to build a new police hub on the outskirts of Milton have been given the go ahead.
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2021
title: Plans for new policing hub granted approval
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/milton-hub-approved
```

Plans to build a new police hub on the outskirts of Milton have been given the go ahead.

Cambridgeshire Constabulary submitted an application to Greater Cambridge Shared Planning in September last year for the new premises, which will enhance the service for the south of Cambridgeshire, by replacing the outdated facilities at Parkside Police Station with a modern police station.

The application followed two extensive consultations with members of the public and stakeholders, in conjunction with the Office for the Police and Crime Commissioner, in February and July last year.

The new building will be situated next to the Park & Ride facility in Milton and will include:

 * Enhanced facilities enabling the Constabulary to respond to, and investigate, complex crimes such as fraud and online investigations more effectively.
 * Enhanced facilities allowing for the increased use of virtual courts which reduces the need for travel to courts
 * Increase in cell provision from 12 to 24 to help meet future demand
 * The facilities and ability to better meet demand as population growth continues
 * Better road access, subject to less traffic, enabling officers to respond to calls for service more efficiently

Planning consent was today (10 March) granted by South Cambridgeshire District Council subject to consultation and confirmation from the Secretary of State.

Area Commander for the south of Cambridgeshire, Superintendent James Sutherland said: "After a considerable planning and consultation process, we're delighted to say that planning permission has now been granted.

"We are extremely excited about the new development and the opportunities it will provide us, including adequate cell provision, which will inevitably reduce travel and time costs allowing our officers to spend more time on patrol.

"We are grateful to everyone who has supported us with this project and we look forward to moving on to the construction phase of the project which we anticipate will start in December (2021) with a view to being operational in the summer of 2023."

The Constabulary understands there is significant demand for there to be a police station and enquiry office in Cambridge city centre, to act as a base for the city centre policing team, and are committed to providing that. Options are currently being explored, including sharing facilities with other public sector partners. Further details will be provided in due course.

Acting Police and Crime Commissioner, Ray Bisby added: "I welcome today's decision by South Cambridgeshire District Council and would like to thank all those who participated in the consultation processes.

"Whilst the service provided to the public by the Constabulary continues to be good, it is vital that the Chief Constable has the resources and facilities he needs to keep our growing communities safe.

"This new facility will enable the Constabulary to further modernise its services, meet increasing operational need whilst ensuring it provides adequate custody provision."
