```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who led police on a cocaine-fuelled high speed pursuit before writing off his father\u2019s \xA320,000 Mercedes has been handed a driving ban."
publish:
  date: 4 Apr 2019
title: "Driver high on cocaine wrote off dad\u2019s Mercedes"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Driver-high-on-cocaine-wrote-off-dads-Mercedes
```

A man who led police on a cocaine-fuelled high speed pursuit before writing off his father's £20,000 Mercedes has been handed a driving ban.

Wesley May, 31, was driving along Topmoor Way, Peterborough, at about 12.30am on 14 September when officers in an unmarked car noticed he was speeding.

May turned onto Fulbridge Road where he drove at more than 60mph in a residential area with a speed limit of 30mph.

When officers turned on their blue lights, May failed to stop and continued speeding.

The pursuit ended in Central Avenue, near its junction with Eastern Avenue, when May lost control of the Mercedes E220 and collided with a street light. The car took off, landed on its side and was significantly damaged.

A roadside drugs test indicated May, who was also driving without a valid licence, had cocaine in his system. He was uninjured but was taken to Peterborough City Hospital as a precaution where blood samples were taken. These showed levels of cocaine and benzoylecgonine above the legal driving limit.

May, of Eskdale Close, admitted two counts of drug driving, aggravated vehicle taking, failing to stop, driving without insurance and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence.

Today (4 April) at Peterborough Crown Court he was sentenced to six months in prison, suspended for 18 months, and banned from driving for 18 months.

PC Leigh Fenton said: "Although the pursuit was relatively short, the speeds that May drove at were extremely dangerous and well over double the limit.

"He showed a total disregard for his own safety, as well as that of pedestrians and other road users. He did all he possibly could to evade the police and it was only sheer luck he wasn't killed when the vehicle crashed."

If you wish to report drink or drug driving, we operate a dedicated, confidential hotline for members of the public to call and report those driving under the influence of drink and drugs. The hotline - 0800 032 0845 - is available 24/7, and gives you the opportunity to supply us with information to help reduce the number of drink and drug drivers on our roads. For more information about drink and drug driving, the law and the dangers, visit: www.cambs.police.uk/drinkdrugdriving
