```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: PUPILS from Spring Common Academy, Huntingdon, were treated to an insight into policing and an input on online safety on Wednesday (June 11).
publish:
  date: 13 Jun 2019
title: Pupils enjoy online safety presentation
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Pupils_enjoy_online_safety_presentation
```

Pupils from Spring Common Academy, Huntingdon, were treated to an insight into policing and an input on online safety on Wednesday (June 11).

Pupils were joined by the dog unit, local officers and Community Safety Officer Clare Darbyshire, who organised the event.

While it was a chance to learn more about the world of policing pupils were also spoken to about online safety.

This included a warning around trusting who you meet online as they may not be who they say they are and to never give out personal information such as which school they attend.

Chief Superintendent Martin Brunning joined the event and worked with students to identify 'super protectors' who can pass on the safety messages to others.

Community safety officer Clare Darbyshire said: "It is so important that young people are aware of the dangers online, particularly in terms of grooming and fraud.

"We want to ensure they are aware of how to protect themselves from these dangers and to spread the word among their peers.

"It was great to have the opportunity to spend time with the students to talk about these important messages while at the same time giving them a better insight into the world of policing."

A number of police dogs were attending, including Max who is a trained cash, drugs and weapons dog. He took part in a demonstration with his handler Paul Rogers to show off his sniffing skills, locating money that had been hidden within seconds.

The pupils were shown police vehicles and some even managed to sit in the cell in the back of the van.

The students will be taking part in designing a poster in relation to online safety following the event.

The competition award ceremony will take place on the evening of the 25th at Police HQ, where parents and some of the students will be invited to attend to receive a prize and certificate. Martin Brunning will judge the posters and decide on the top three winners.
