```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a sexual assault in Cambridge.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2019
title: Appeal following sexual assault
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sexual-assault-barnwellroad
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a sexual assault in Cambridge.

The incident happened on Sunday between 1.05am and 1.20am in Barnwell Road when the victim, a woman in her 20s, was approached by a man.

He asked her to go back to his house and when she refused he knocked her to the ground and got on top of her. The woman kicked him and he made off on foot.

The man is described as mixed race, late 20s to early 30s, average build and approximately 5'9". He had short, dark shaved hair, a short beard and spoke with a non-English accent. The man was wearing a dark coloured hoodie and trousers.

Detective Inspector Susie Hine said: "The victim was understandably very shaken by the incident and we praise her bravery in fighting the man off. I would like to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and may have seen the man before or after the incident."

Officers are linking the assault to an incident on 20 June in Gerard Close where a man with a similar description approached a woman in her 20s from behind.

He held her up against a tree and assaulted her before she kicked him and he ran off.

DI Hine added: "We are linking these assaults due to the similar descriptions of the offenders by the victims. We are treating these incidents very seriously but wish to say that attacks of this nature are rare."

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting reference 35NT/58845/19. Alternatively, you can report online.

Further advice on personal safety and staying safe at night.
