```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police Cadets in East Cambridgeshire are looking for an inspiring leader to help them grow and learn.
publish:
  date: 25 Jan 2018
title: Cadets seek inspiring new leader or face closure
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cadets-seek-new-leader
```

Police Cadets in East Cambridgeshire are looking for an inspiring leader to help them grow and learn.

The East Cambs Cadets have been running for almost three years and now have more than 30 members aged between 13 and 18.

They meet weekly and learn about a variety of policing activities to gain an overview of the law. They also volunteer their time in the community supporting local policing teams at public events, delivering crime prevention advice, assisting the public at community events and act as mystery shoppers for age restricted items.

The group are in need of a new leader who is interested in learning new skills as well as more about Cambridgeshire Constabulary.

Sergeant Phil Priestley said: "The group is oversubscribed which speaks volumes for the young people who keep coming back each week.

"However, if we don't find new volunteers then we will sadly have to question whether we can see the group through into 2019. This is a heart breaking situation for all involved."

Cadets: We need a new leader

PC Emma Wilkinson who is the Principal Leader of the group added: "If you want to be part of something exciting in your community and you can volunteer some of your time then we want to hear from you.

"Being a leader will enable you to have a better understanding of British policing and give you opportunities locally, nationally and even internationally in support of social action.

"There are opportunities to become a leader no matter how many hours a week or month you are able to volunteer and you do not need any qualifications or previous police experience as training will be given."

All volunteers are subject to Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) checks.

Those interested in finding out more are invited to go along to Witchford Village College in Ely on 5 February between 6pm and 8pm. To register your interest email eastcambscadets@cambs.pnn.police.uk
