```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Family pay tribute to "bright, bubbly girl"
publish:
  date: 7 Dec 2018
title: Cambourne murder - victim named and man charged
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/murder-Cambourne-victim-charge
```

A woman who died following an incident at a property in Cambourne on Wednesday (5 December) has been named by police.

Sally Elizabeth Cavender, 55, of Orchard Road, Sawston, was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital in a critical condition after emergency services were called to a property in Lamb Drove at 1.35am.

She died on Wednesday afternoon after her condition deteriorated.

Sally Cavender

Today, her family have released a picture of Sally (above) and the following statement:

"Sally was a much-loved daughter and sister and we are all very shocked and saddened by this turn of events. As her family we want to remember her as a bright, bubbly girl, who loved to travel and go to concerts and was full of laughter and fun.

"Sally didn't have any children, but her mum, brother, sister and extended family are all supporting each other. While we understand the media interest, we please ask for privacy so that, as a family, we can grieve at this very difficult time.

"We would like to thank the paramedics and staff at the intensive care unit for all their attempts to save her life, and we have every confidence in the ongoing police investigation."

A 43-year-old man from Cambourne has been charged with Sally's murder and the attempted murder of a man in connection with the same incident.

He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court this morning (7 December).
