```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives are warning residents to stay vigilant following a number of reports of scam phone calls across the county.
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2019
title: Residents warned of a bogus police officer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bogus-officer-fraud
```

Detectives are warning residents to stay vigilant following a number of reports of scam phone calls across the county.

Since September there have been around 20 incidents of elderly victims being called by bogus police officers and bank officials asking them to transfer funds or withdraw cash for collection.

On 11 November a couple in their 70s from Boxworth were contacted by a fraud department at a bank to tell them their account had been compromised. They transferred £38,000 to the suspects and handed a further £10,000 over in cash.

A 69-year-old man from Huntingdon received a call from a bank fraud section and transferred £60,000 to the suspects on 14 October.

Also that month on 4 October a 76-year-old woman from Warboys withdrew £10,000 after receiving a call from a man claiming to be from the Metropolitan Police and handed over the cash.

Detective Inspector Jenni Brain said: "Thankfully in the majority of cases the victims haven't fallen for the fraudsters convincing stories.

"These people often target the elderly or vulnerable resulting in the loss of thousands of pounds.

"It's important to remember that police officers and bank officials will never ask you to withdraw or transfer money or hand over private banking details.

"We ask that friends, relatives and neighbours of elderly people help us spread this message to prevent anyone else falling victim to these crimes."

If you believe you are a victim of this scam, contact police on 101.

Advice to prevent you becoming a victim of bogus calls:

 * Hang up if you ever have any doubts about someone who has called you
 * Ensure the line has been terminated before making any further calls. You can tell if the dial tone is present or by using another phone.
 * Never give out your PIN number, banks will never ask you for it.
 * Never give bank cards to anyone at your door, even if they say they're from the bank.
