```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Peterborough man who repeatedly called 999 to burp at police call handlers has been given the maximum sentence.
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Man jailed for burping at police
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-burping-at-police
```

A PETERBOROUGH man who repeatedly called 999 to burp at police call handers has been jailed.

Rhys Pilott, 28, was first arrested on 24 September after police received 19 calls to 999 from a man burping down the phone in the early hours of the morning.

Pilott used public phone boxes in Peterborough city centre and repeatedly burped before hanging up minutes later. The calls became so frequent they began to block the emergency lines and prevent other calls from being answered.

The phone box was located at Peterborough train station and officers were deployed. They found Pilott and gave him a chance to stop and go home. However, just five minutes later he called the demand hub a further six times and belched at the operators.

Pilott, of Crown Mews, Peterborough, was arrested and charged for public nuisance and in interview claimed he had not meant to disrupt emergency telephone services, but was "looking for attention" and was "very bored."

Just three days later (27 September), Pilott was re-arrested at Peterborough Train Station for committing the same offence, after the force received a further 22 hoax calls, all of which contained Pilott belching down the phone.

Pilott appeared in court the next day and was refused bail, resulting in him being remanded in custody.

These two occasions were not the first time Pilott had made hoax calls to the police. Recorded excerpts from contact he made a few days previous had been released by the force to highlight the misuse of the 999 service.

Pilott admitted causing a public nuisance at an earlier hearing and was jailed for 24 weeks today (14 November) at Peterborough Magistrates' Court.

Superintendent James Sutherland said: "Hoax calls exhaust our resources, cost the public money and, more worryingly, put lives at risk.

"Individuals who feel the need to abuse the 999 service in this way should consider how they would feel if a loved one needed emergency help but couldn't get through due to hoax callers.

"Hoax callers could face prosecution and a maximum sentence of six months in prison and a £5000 fine.

"There are some fantastic charities out there that help people who are feeling isolated and require emotional support. We'd encourage people to make use of those services rather than dialling 999 and potentially causing a delay for people who urgently need our help."

In September, the force recorded 84 hoax/misuse of 999 calls, with six of those requiring an immediate or prompt emergency response from officers. Each of the hoax calls that required a response would have wasted a large number of resources.

Through the use of social media, the force is proactively sharing examples of hoax calls and action taken against the people who make them to shed light on the consequences of misusing the emergency 999 service.

For more information on hoax calling and advice for parents with children who may decide to hoax call the police, please visit: www.cambs.police.uk/hoaxcalling
