```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Motorists who pose the biggest risk to the public on the county\u2019s roads are being targeted by road policing officers."
publish:
  date: 30 May 2018
title: Crackdown on high risk drivers in Cambridgeshire
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/opdragoon-launch
```

Motorists who pose the biggest risk to the public on the county's roads are being targeted by road policing officers.

Dangerous drivers, repeat drink and drug drivers, those who drive in vehicles of a poor condition or without insurance and MOTs are the main focus of a new campaign to crack down on high risk drivers.

Officers from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit have been using intelligence, marked and unmarked vehicles and ANPR to catch those who put others at risk across Cambridgeshire's, Bedfordshire's and Hertfordshire's roads.

In the past three months the unit have dealt with 33 drivers including seven for driving whilst disqualified and ten for driving without insurance and seized 13 vehicles for no insurance/licence or driving whilst disqualified.

Inspector Chris Huggins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "We are committed to making our roads safer for everyone and a big part of that is ensuring those who pose a serious risk to themselves and innocent road users are taken off the roads.

"Whether through dangerous driving, drink and drug driving or driving whilst disqualified, we will not tolerate those who put others at risk."

Targeting these criminals is part of the unit's day to day work but will now be done under the Op Dragoon brand, something which was initially launched in Northumbria and following its success has been rolled out across other forces.

Officers will be tweeting using the hashtag #OpDragoon. You can follow them on Twitter @roadpoliceBCH.

Members of the public are urged to report road offences online.
