```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A jury has found a man guilty of raping a vulnerable 17-year-old girl in Peterborough last year.
publish:
  date: 12 Mar 2021
title: Jury find man guilty of raping teenage girl in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Christy-Stokes-verdict-March21
```

A jury has found a man guilty of raping a vulnerable 17-year-old girl in Peterborough last year (2020).

Christy Stokes, 39, was arrested on 11 September, three days into an investigation of the rape of a teenager in the Millfield area.

We were alerted to the attack just after 10pm on Tuesday, 8 September, which took place near to the Alternative Curriculum Education Centre in Lincoln Road.

The girl was walking home when Stokes approached her and engaged in conversation before forcing her against a wall and sexually assaulting her.

The offence was captured on CCTV which gave us sight of the offender, an investigation was launched and a hunt for the man was underway.

Our detectives were in the area of the offence three days later to obtain further CCTV when they spotted who they believed to be the man in the footage, wearing the same clothing.

The officers identified themselves to the man, now known to be Stokes, and informed him he was under arrest for rape, at which point he ran from the officers but was soon caught up with and arrested.

Stokes, of Victoria View in Smithy Fen, Cottenham, was later charged with rape, attempted rape and sexual assault by penetration, which he denied.

Following a week-long trial at Huntingdon Law Court, Stokes was found guilty of all three offences. He has been remanded in custody to be sentenced at the same court on 30 April.

DC Sarah Seston, from the Child Abuse Investigation and Safeguarding Unit (CAISU), said: "I would like to commend the bravery of the victim in coming forward to report this horrific incident which she suffered.

"Being notified of the attack at an early stage meant we were able to act quickly, obtain vital evidence and ultimately catch the person responsible.

"Today's verdict comes at a time when we are very aware women nationally are feeling vulnerable and frightened. While cases like these are rare, one is one too many and we are committed as a police force to do everything we can to make people feel safe and ensure anyone who poses a risk to women is prevented from harming them at the first opportunity."
