```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A robber who stole a man\u2019s phone in Peterborough was apprehended after the quick-thinking victim called police on his Apple watch."
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2020
title: Apple watch rescues robbery victim
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/apple-watch-rescues-robbery-victim
```

A robber who stole a man's phone in Peterborough was apprehended after the quick-thinking victim called police on his Apple watch.

Kaspars Zukovskis, 19, was sat on a bench outside Asda in Rivergate, on 12 February.

Zukovskis saw the victim, a man in his 20s, walking past and followed him to near Railworld just off Oundle Road where he asked him a question, but when the victim carried on walking he threatened to stab him.

He then asked for the victim's phone and forced him to reset the settings so anyone could use it.

However, Zukovskis didn't realise the victim was wearing an Apple watch and once he was out of earshot the man used the device to call the police and give a detailed description of the robber.

Within an hour police found Zukovskis, who matched the description, walking along London Road about 400m away from the scene of the incident.

He was arrested and taken into custody, where he answered no comment to all questions in interview but was successfully picked out at an identity parade.

Zukovskis, of Tirrington, Bretton, pleaded guilty to robbery at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (18 March).

He was sentenced to three years in a Young Offenders Institute.

DC Kevin Poole said: "Zukovskis saw the victim walking alone and thought he would be an easy target. The victim did exactly the right thing by letting him take his possessions, getting himself out of harms way and contacting police at the earliest opportunity."
