```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Carlos Gregorio claimed he had the weapon for his own protection
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Teen caught with knife thanks to public
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/carlos-gregorio-knife-peterborough
```

A teenager was caught with a knife after being spotted outside a Peterborough supermarket by an eagle-eyed member of the public.

Carlos Gregorio, of Coltsfoot Drive, Woodston, was seen outside Asda, in Rivergate, with a knife on 5 September.

A member of the public called police at around 3pm, telling officers a man had a knife and giving a description of Gregorio, 18, and the clothes he was wearing.

Gregorio was then seen to get into a black Vauxhall Corsa and leave the scene.

Officers traced the address linked to the car and as they made their way to the house, spotted Gregorio in the vehicle.

Police stopped the car and searched the teenager. They asked him if he had a knife, to which he replied "yes, it's in there" and pointed towards the pocket of his jogging bottoms.

Officers found the weapon and arrested Gregorio for possessing a knife in a public place.

A small amount of cannabis was also found in the vehicle and Gregorio was given a conditional caution in relation to this.

In police interview, Gregorio claimed he had the weapon for his own protection after being "started on" by a group of men who also had knives.

He told officers he had no intention of using the knife and acknowledged that carrying it was against the law.

PC Kris Mueller, who investigated, said: "There is no excuse for carrying an offensive weapon in public and this includes Gregorio's claim that he had a knife with him for his own protection.

"Tackling serious street-based violence is a force priority and we will continue to do all we can to take as many offensive weapons off the streets of Cambridgeshire as possible."

Gregorio admitted possessing an offensive weapon in a public place in a previous hearing. He was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (12 November) where he was handed an eight-month prison sentence, suspended for 18 months.

The maximum penalty for an adult carrying a knife or other offensive weapons in public is four years in prison and a fine of £5,000.

Know someone who carries a weapon? Please help us tackle serious street-based violence and report it to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For more information about possessing a knife or an offensive weapon in public, and the laws surrounding it, visit the force website.
