```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A month-long operation in Peterborough to tackle violence associated with drugs has seen 26 people arrested for a variety of offences.
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2020
title: Peterborough month-long operation sees 26 arrests
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-spotlight-2020
```

A month-long operation in Peterborough to tackle violence associated with drugs has seen 26 people arrested for a variety of offences.

Operation Spotlight was launched on 22 June in response to recent incidents of serious violence in Peterborough connected to the drugs market.

The four-week operation saw a team of officers execute 24 warrants across the city, including the city centre, Stanground, Millfield, Dogsthorpe, Orton Southgate, Orton Malborne, Welland, Woodston, Bretton, Paston and New England.

DCI Neil Sloan, crime manager for Peterborough and Fenland, said: "Over the last few months we have seen a number of violent offences in Peterborough which we believe are linked to drugs. In response to this we have just concluded a significant four-week operation to tackle the violence associated with drug dealing.

"This has seen 24 warrants executed and 26 people arrested which have resulted in charges for offences including possession of weapons and drug supply. Officers have seized a significant quantity of drugs as well as many knives, weapons, cash and suspected stolen goods."

A total of 26 people were arrested for offences including possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs, possession of weapons in public, handling stolen goods, possession of firearms and production of cannabis.

So far four of those arrested during the operation have been charged; Trehmayne Clarke, 24, of Field Walk in Eastgate, is currently in prison awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being in possession of a combat knife in a public place. He was arrested in Fengate Close on 23 June.

Toby Turner, 21, of Chelveston Way in Woodston, is also currently remanded in prison after he was charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs, possession with intent to supply class B drugs and possession of a weapon designed for the discharge of a noxious liquid, namely CS spray, in connection with the discovery of £183,000 worth of heroin and cocaine at a flat in Woodston.

Orain Kerr, 18, and Khalid Farrah, 21, both from Greater London, are on bail awaiting their next court appearance at Peterborough Crown Court on 31 July after they were charged with being concerned in the supply of class A drugs. Both men were arrested in Dogsthorpe on 2 July.

Drugs worth more than £185,000 were seized, as well as £20,000 of counterfeit cigarettes and tobacco, suspected stolen goods, cash and various weapons including combat knives, imitation firearms, CS gas, and various other blades.

A total of 52 stop-searches were carried out on people in connection with carrying weapons or drug supply.

DCI Sloan added: "There are a number of investigations currently going through the courts in relation to violence in the city and we have had success with some recent convictions and offenders being handed jail time, however we are not complacent in our efforts and will continue to do all we can in order to protect our communities and disrupt our most dangerous offenders.

"Much of our work is based on intelligence built up by our own officers but also from members of the local community, therefore I urge anyone who has information about the supply of drugs or people carrying weapons to report it to us.

Information about weapons and drugs can be found on the force website, along with the option to report information via https://bit.ly/2WLpR2Y.
