```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A 16-year-old girl was approached by a group of three men and a woman in Baker Park
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2020
title: Appeal following robbery in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-peterborough-bike-robbery
```

Police are appealing for information following a robbery in Peterborough on Saturday evening (15 August) where a teenage girl had her bike stolen.

The 16-year-old girl was approached by a group of three men and a woman in Baker Park, off Westfield Road, at about 7pm.

The woman demanded the victim hand over her bike and one of the men threatened to stab her if she did not.

Doing as the offenders said, the victim handed over her bike, but was not injured. She did not see a knife during the incident.

The woman took the bike and rode off towards the bridge over the railway on Westfield Road.

The woman is described as white, in her 30s, with shoulder length blonde hair, skinny build and wearing a red/brown top with white and black writing. The man who threatened the victim is described as white, in his 40s, with short dark hair, medium built and wearing dark clothing. The two other men were also in dark clothing.

DC Tessa Munro said: "This was a horrible incident where the teenage victim was terrified and genuinely believed the man had a knife.

"I'd urge anyone who has information about the incident, or who has been offered the bicycle in the picture for sale, to contact us as a matter of urgency."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting 35/55224/20 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
