```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The force has been rated as
publish:
  date: 7 Feb 2020
title: Force rated as 'good' in latest HMICFRS inspection
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-rated-as-good-in-latest-hmicfrs-inspection
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary has been rated as 'good' at keeping people safe and reducing crime following an inspection by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabularies and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS).

​The inspection, which took place in June last year, looked at police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy (PEEL), and for the first year combined the three pillars into a single inspection.

The inspectors praised the implementation of the local policing review in 2018, which aimed to create a sustainable policing model to enable the force to manage our demand more effectively and ensure our resources are in the right place, helping to alleviate pressure on frontline delivery.

In addition, it recognised further improvements, specifically within the areas of child abuse investigation and the rape investigation team. The report also highlighted additional investment within the volume crime arena.

Chief Constable Nick Dean said: "We are delighted with the HMICFRS judgement of 'good' across all three categories in the inspection.

"A great deal of hard work and effort has gone into shaping the force to understand the complexity and scale of our demand, aligning our workforce plans to our priorities, and ensuring we have the resources and skills we need to be able to meet the needs of our growing communities.

"This has clearly had an impact and the improvements we have made and are continuing to make in the way we investigate crime and manage vulnerability effectively have been recognised by HMICFRS."

The report praised the force's identification and understanding of vulnerability, highlighting the joint working between community safety and the victim and witness hub to support vulnerable victims as 'good practice' and the work of call handlers to quickly identify the most vulnerable callers, especially those suffering mental health crisis.

HMICFRS also commended the force for its prioritisation of crime prevention and commitment to policing neighbourhoods, mentioning in particular the increase of 50 officers as a result of the precept increase in 2019/20. They were impressed with the neighbourhood policing strategy, and the way the new policing model helps meet the demands of serious and complex crime investigation, which has improved significantly.

While the overall grading is good, there are some improvements to be made, highlighted by HMICFRS, including ensuring the regular and active supervision of the quality and progress of investigations and making sure learning is shared to continue to improve the prevention of crime and anti-social behaviour.

Mr Dean added: "Everyone across the Constabulary has worked hard to improve how we prevent crime, investigate crime and continue to keep people safe. It is to your credit that we have received such a positive inspection report.

"Our focus on protecting those who are vulnerable from harm and supporting victims has been paramount, and we are pleased HMICFRS have acknowledged this.

"While there are always areas for improvement, I am reassured that they can see we continue to make good progress and are committed to keeping the people of Cambridgeshire safe."

Acting Police and Crime Commissioner, Ray Bisby, said: "The Chief Constable and his team have worked incredibly hard to bring about these results and I am pleased to see HMICFRS have recognised the improvements made in keeping communities safe and tackling crime across the county.

"As Acting Police and Crime Commissioner, it is important that I do everything I can to make sure the Constabulary has the resources it needs in order to maintain and improve its 'good' grading. There will always be challenges, but I am reassured that the Force is in the best possible position to respond to increased demand for service."
