```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two houses in Peterborough have been issued with closure orders following police and council action.
publish:
  date: 31 May 2018
title: Closure orders for houses known for persistent criminality
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Lincoln-Road-Closure-Orders
```

Two houses in Peterborough have been issued with closure orders following police and council action.

The orders were issued to 153 and 155 Lincoln Road on Friday (25 May) after a successful application from police to Peterborough Magistrates' Court.

The action came as a result of numerous incidents of anti-social behaviour (ASB), drug use, squatting, prostitution and violence.

Court order to close two houses in Lincoln Road

PC Rob Reay, from the Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Not only has the behaviour of the former occupants and their visitors left some of the residents of nearby properties terrified to step outside, it has been a drain on police resources.

"After consulting with the director of the city council, ASB team, housing services, fire service and the property owners, a lot of work has gone in to previously trying to help the residents through remedial work, patrols and enforcement, however they have continued to cause issues."

Working with partner agencies, evidence was obtained and legal advice sought to go ahead with issuing a closure notice to close the premises to anyone other than the legal occupants for 48 hours. These notices were issued on Wednesday, 23 May.

Houses used for criminality closed down

Following this an application was made to Peterborough Magistrates' Court for full closure orders to be granted, which was successful and issued on Friday last week.

The closure orders state the houses be closed in accordance with the Anti-social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 and only permits access to the rightful owners, their agents and the emergency services until further notice.

The current occupiers are given one occasion to access the premises with a designated police or council officer to collect their personal belongings. The local housing association have assisted with housing anyone who has been moved out of the properties.

PC Reay added: "Action was taken in conjunction with the city council to help improve the quality of life for local residents who have suffered from issues arising from these addresses. Numerous methods had been tried to resolve the issues but ultimately a closure order was necessary to protect the tenants and neighbours.

"Both properties are now shut down until 25 August 2018 which I hope sends a message out that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated. People have the right to feel safe in their own homes and we will target those who attempt to prevent this."

Peace at last for local residents
