```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who persistently abused the 999 service has been handed a three-year criminal behaviour order (CBO).
publish:
  date: 19 Mar 2021
title: CBO for abusive 999 caller
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cbo-for-abusive-999-caller
```

A man who persistently abused the 999 service has been handed a three-year criminal behaviour order (CBO).

Todd Germeney, 36, called the force's emergency line 19 times between 30 January and 19 February last year.

During the calls Germeney made extreme allegations and threatened to damage a police station and harm officers.

He was arrested the following month and charged with threatening to damage property, persistently making use of a public communication network to cause annoyance and sending an offensive message by public communication network.

Germeney, of East Road, Cambridge, was found guilty of the offences at Cambridge Crown Court last month and sentenced at Huntingdon Crown Court last Friday (12 March).

The CBO means Germeney must report any non-emergency by visiting a police station.

He also must not call or incite others to call 999 unless there is a genuine need for emergency services.

Germeney was also given a two-year community order and must pay £200 in costs.

PC Matthew Lander said: "Germeney persistently phoned 999 to abuse and threaten our call handlers, who work tirelessly day-in-day-out to protect the public.

"The misuse of our 999 service will not be tolerated, nor will abusive behaviour towards our call handlers."

For more information on hoax calling and what to do if you know someone is abusing police contact lines, visit our website.
