```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Two men have admitted offences of producing cannabis after we found a grow worth an estimated \xA3118,000 in Peterborough on Sunday morning (17 May)."
publish:
  date: 19 May 2020
title: "Men admit cultivating cannabis following crop find of \xA3118,000"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Ramci-and-Brucaj-guilty
```

Two men have admitted offences of producing cannabis after we found a grow worth an estimated £118,000 in Peterborough on Sunday morning (17 May).

Admir Ramci, 22, and Selam Brucaj, 26, were arrested by our northern Community Action Team (CAT) in Williamson Avenue in connection with the discovery.

Inside the property, we found three bedrooms, a bathroom and a dining room had been converted to be used to cultivate cannabis.

A total of 141 cannabis plants, which have been valued to be worth an estimated £118,000 if the crop had made it to sale on the streets, were seized.

DI Dave Taylor said: "Our Community Action Team provide a targeted response to organised crime groups and the supply of drugs in our communities. They review intelligence provided by members of the public, develop that information and act upon it.

"We are dedicated to depriving these criminals of potential assets and preventing more serious and linked criminality from occurring."

Ramci, of Williamson Avenue, and Brucaj, of Peveril Road, were both charged with producing cannabis and were remanded in custody to appear at Peterborough Magistrates' Court yesterday (Monday 18 May).

They both pleaded guilty to the charge and have been further remanded in custody to be sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court on a date which is yet to be set.

Anyone with information about drug dealing or production is urged to contact us either by calling 101 or reporting online at www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact the independent charity, Crimestoppers, anonymously, by calling 0800 555 111 or report online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
