```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who caused criminal damage to a house in the middle of the night before spitting at a detention officer has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 10 Nov 2020
title: Jail for man who damaged house and spat at custody staff
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-man-who-damaged-house-and-spat-at-custody-staff
```

A man who caused criminal damage to a house in the middle of the night before spitting at a detention officer has been jailed.

Joshua Davidson, 28, attended a property in Horsegate Lane Whittlesey at about 2am on 9 July.

He began kicking and punching the front door of the address while shouting at a woman inside and demanding to find her ex-partner.

The woman, aged in her 30s, shouted back at Davidson through an upstairs window telling him her ex-partner was not at the address and to stop damaging the house.

But Davidson continued demanding to be let into the property while making threats to kill both the woman and her ex-partner.

He continued causing damage, resulting in the front window smashing, before leaving.

Police were alerted to the disturbance and when officers arrived at the scene, they were told Davidson had fled to a nearby address which he was unauthorised to attend due to an ongoing restraining order against him.

When officers attended the property, the occupant was reluctant to let police inside but after gaining access, they found Davidson hiding in the loft.

Davidson was arrested and taken to Thorpe Wood Police Station. However, while in custody, his anger escalated and he spat at a Detention Officer and made threats to spit at others.

Davidson, of Wisbech Road, Thorney, pleaded guilty to criminal damage, breach of a restraining order, assault of an emergency worker and using violence to secure entry to a premises.

He was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison and handed a three-year restraining order at Peterborough Crown Court on Monday (9 November).

**PC Barry Morton said** : "Davidson used violence to terrorise and disturb the occupants of this house in the middle of the night.

"Then, the complete lack of respect he showed to staff in custody who were simply doing their job was completely unacceptable.

"I hope time behind bars gives Davidson time to reflect on his behaviour."
