```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Sidney Almeida also admitted making more than 1,000 indecent photographs of children
publish:
  date: 11 Aug 2020
title: Voyeur installed hidden bathroom camera
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sidney-almeida-voyeurism-indecent-images-sentencing
```

A man who admitted making more than 1,000 indecent photographs of children and also installing a hidden camera in his own bathroom has been sentenced.

Sidney Almeida, 42, came to the attention of police in February 2018 when his IP address was tracked uploading six indecent images of children onto the internet from his home at the time in Orton Goldhay, Peterborough.

A warrant was carried out at the address and various devices were seized, including a hard drive and a laptop.

The devices were examined and found to contain a total of 1,053 indecent images of children. This included 504 category C, 232 category B and 317 category A - the most severe.

Further investigations revealed Almeida had also installed a hidden camera in his bathroom and taken pictures of visitors to his home as they used the facilities.

Almeida was consequently charged with two counts of voyeurism and with three counts of making indecent photos of children.

In police interview he denied using the bathroom camera for his own sexual pleasure but instead insisted he had done so out of "curiosity".

He claimed he had been sent the indecent images of children on a chat site but didn't tell police about them as he was thought he would "get in trouble".

Almeida, of Cotswolds Gardens, London, pleaded guilty to all five offences during a previous hearing and was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (10 August).

He was sentenced to a year in prison, suspended for two years. He was also ordered to complete 80 hours of unpaid work and handed a 35-day rehabilitation activity requirement.

Almeida was also ordered to sign the sex offenders' register for 10 years and made the subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO) for the same length of time.

Detective Sergeant Gavin Sylvester said: "Almeida preyed on visitors to his home by installing a hidden camera in his own bathroom.

"In addition, he admitted making indecent images of children. A child is victimised not only when an indecent image is taken, but also every time it is viewed or shared.

"Protecting young people from harm is one of our top priorities and we will continue to work tirelessly to keep our communities safe."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, visit the force's dedicated child protection web page.

Anyone who has concerns about child abuse should contact police on 101 (or report online at cambs.police.uk/report), children's social care or the NSPCC. If a child is in immediate danger always call 999.
