```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A registered sex offender who was caught with indecent images on a secret phone has been jailed for more than two years.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: Jail for sex offender with secret phone
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-sex-offender-with-secret-phone
```

A registered sex offender who was caught with indecent images on a secret phone has been jailed for more than two years.

Police visited Aaron Goosey, 40, at his home in Sheepwalk, Peterborough, on 4 August after receiving intelligence suggesting he had been hiding a device from them.

When officers arrived he admitted there was a phone he failed to tell them about hidden in a drawer and that they would also find indecent images of children on the device.

Forensic examination of the device uncovered four category 'B' images and one category 'A' image, the most severe.

Goosey was placed on the Sex Offender's Register and handed a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO), both lasting seven years, in 2015.

Both were extended until 2028 after he was convicted of breaching his order in 2018.

The strict court order gives police powers to visit the homes of convicted sex offenders unannounced and search any device with access to the internet

Until 2028 Goosey is also prohibited from:

 * Possessing any photograph of a child other than a member of his family, and only then with written permission from the child's parent or guardian
 * Possessing any electrical device without notifying the police or probation officer within three days of purchasing.
 * Using any device capable of accessing the internet that can't retain and display the history of use.
 * Attempting to delete the internet history on any device
 * Denying access to a police officer to any such internet history

Further breaches were found when officers noticed an online messaging app on the device under a pseudonym. A number of chats were then found to have been deleted on the app.

Last Friday (11 December) at Cambridge Crown Court, Goosey was jailed for 27 months after pleading guilty to three counts of breaching a SHPO, two counts of possessing indecent images of children and failing to comply with his Sex Offender's Register requirements.

DS Kayleigh Smith, of the force's Public Protection Unit, said: "Goosey has shown a complete disregard to his previous convictions.

"He poses a very real threat but thanks to his sentence he will be behind bars for some time, which I hope provides some reassurance to the public."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Sarah's Law.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, visit the force's dedicated child protection web page.
