```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A teengaer who assaulted a vulnerable man, leaving him in a coma for two weeks, has been jailed for ten years.
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2019
title: Man jailed following brutal attack on Christmas Eve
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man_jailed_following_brutal_attack_on_Christmas_Eve
```

A teenager who assaulted a vulnerable man, leaving him in a coma for two weeks, has been jailed for ten years.

Michael Cocksedge, 18, was seen walking home with the Robert Lea also known as 'Speedy', 53, late on Christmas Eve 2018 after an event at Chatteris Working Men's Club. The victim was found in Station Street, Chatteris, on Christmas morning with severe injuries.

He was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital, in Cambridge, and placed in an induced coma. A CT scan found a fracture of his left eye, nasal bone and nose as well as considerable facial swelling.

Cocksedge, of Treeway, Chatteris pleaded guilty to two counts of grievous bodily harm with intent and was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (19 August).

Lea's sister, Linda said: "He (Robert) suffers from post-traumatic amnesia and has been transferred to a specialist rehabilitation unit. He has to be fed soft foods and still has to be tube fed as well. He still cannot sufficiently feed himself. His speech is not back to normal yet, it is slowly improving.

He cannot walk now, his only means of movement is in a wheelchair if someone pushes him around. He is undergoing very intensive physiotherapy and speech therapy. The aim is to try to improve him enough to consider independent living, but at this time we are not sure he will achieve this"

Detective Constable Aaz Tourabi said: "A well-liked and vulnerable member of the community was brutally attacked without reason. I hope this sentence will go some way to making him feel safe again."

For more information on the different types of assault and their maximum penalties, please visit our website _https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Assault_
