```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Christopher May called the woman more than 200 times
publish:
  date: 14 Oct 2020
title: Stalker handed restraining order
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stalker-christopher-may-sentencing
```

A man who harassed his ex-girlfriend by calling her more than 200 times in under two weeks has been handed a restraining order.

Christopher May, 52, of Curlew Avenue, Chatteris, refused to believe the relationship was over and bombarded the woman with approximately 208 phone calls, 25 text messages, 35 emails and 40 voicemails in the space of just 11 days.

The victim called police on 14 August to report the course of harassment and May was arrested on suspicion of stalking.

He appeared before Cambridge Magistrates' Court four days later (18 August) where he pleaded guilty to the offence. May was then released on court bail, with various conditions including not to contact the victim in the case.

However, on 6 September, police were contacted by May's ex-girlfriend who told them he had been calling her again and leaving voicemails using a number she didn't recognise.

May called the woman four times on 5 September, and four times the following day. He also emailed her on 7 September.

He was consequently arrested and charged with an additional count of stalking without fear, alarm or distress.

May pleaded guilty to both charges of stalking and was sentenced at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on Monday (12 October), where he was handed 14 weeks in prison, suspended for 18 months.

He was also given a two-year restraining order, preventing him from contacting the victim. May was ordered to complete a 16-day rehabilitation activity requirement, a six-month alcohol treatment requirement and 30 sessions of a building better relationships programme.

DC Marcus Johnson, who investigated, said: "May was clearly intent on contacting his ex-girlfriend and also showed no regard for the bail conditions placed upon him.

"No-one should be harassed in this way and I have no doubt that this course of harassment caused the victim a great deal of distress.

"I hope the restraining order imposed in this case gives her some measure of comfort and closure, as well as highlighting our dedication to safeguarding victims and bringing offenders before the courts."

More information and advice on harassment can be found on the force website at cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Stalking-and-harassment
