```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A Peterborough thief who a judge described as having a \u2018dreadful record of offending\u2019 has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: "Peterborough thief with \u2018dreadful record of offending\u2019 jailed"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jade-Mason-sentencing-Oct2020
```

A Peterborough thief who a judge described as having a 'dreadful record of offending' has been jailed.

Jade Mason, 35, was arrested in Broadway, Peterborough city centre, on 27 September by neighbourhood policing officers in connection with an instance of shoplifting at Poundland where security staff and a police officer were spat at.

Mason placed a number of items in her bag and attempted to leave but was spotted by the store's security guards.

She was detained and police were called, however Mason became agitated and spat at one of the staff members, dug her nails into another's arm and shouted racial abuse. Upon arrest, Mason spat at the police officer in the face.

She was charged with attempting to steal goods from Poundland, theft of goods worth £4 from Poundland, assault by beating, racially aggravated assault and using threatening behaviour all against one member of staff at Poundland, assault by beating against another member of staff and assaulting an emergency worker.

She was also charged with theft of goods worth £100 from Lloyds Pharmacy on 22 September.

Mason, of Bodesway in Orton Malborne, initially denied the offences but later changed her plea. She appeared at Cambridge Crown Court on Tuesday (20 October) where she was sentenced to a total of 22 weeks in prison.
