```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who was found with more than 50,000 indecent images of children on his computer and mobile phone has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 26 Feb 2020
title: Man caught with thousands of indecent images of children
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-caught-with-thousands-of-indecent-images-of-children
```

A man who was found with more than 50,000 indecent images of children on his computer and mobile phone has been sentenced.

Wojciech Trybicki, 38, was linked to an IP address downloading indecent images of children in January last year.

A warrant was carried out at his house near Littleport on 16 January last year and a number of items were seized, including his computer, hard drive and a mobile phone.

The relevant seized items contained about 2.8 million images, those images were then carefully reviewed and categorised by the Paedophile Online Investigation Unit.

In total they found 53,722 Category C images, 405 Category B and 252 Category A - the most severe category.

When interviewed Trybicki admitted to downloading and addictively collecting the indecent images of children.

Yesterday (25 February) at Peterborough Crown Court he was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for two years, and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work after pleading guilty to two counts of making indecent photos of children.

He was also given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for ten years and placed on the Sex Offender's register for ten years.

DC Neal Holdsworth said: "Trybicki had a vast quantity of disturbing indecent material on his devices and it was a challenging task to review and categorize the content.

"Child protection is a force priority and we are working hard to keep young people in the county safe."

For more information on child exploitation, how to recognise it and how to report it, visit _https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Child-protection/CSE_
