```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Motorcyclists across the county are invited to dig out their cameras this summer as part of a police safety campaign.
publish:
  date: 11 Jun 2018
title: "#WhoseWorldAreYou \u2013 Motorcyclists invited to dig out their cameras"
url: "https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/WhoseWorldAreYou\u2013Cambs-2018"
```

Motorcyclists across the county are invited to dig out their cameras this summer as part of a police safety campaign.

Cambridgeshire Constabulary has launched a photo competition for this year's #WhoseWorldAreYou motorcycle safety campaign, which encourages bikers and drivers to take a little extra care on the roads.

Bikers are invited to submit pictures of themselves with the person they mean the world to on social media with the hashtag #WhoseWorldAreYou for their chance to win £200 worth of motorcycle shop vouchers.

Share pictures of you and the person you mean the world to using the hashtag #WhoseWorldAreYou for your chance to win £200 worth of motorcycle vouchers.

Sergeant Ian Manley, from Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) Road Policing Unit, said: "Motorcyclists are among the most vulnerable road users and this is why it is so important they remain alert on the road and mindful of their own safety.

"Last year four motorcyclists were killed and 79 seriously injured on Cambridgeshire's roads.

"Over the coming weeks, as summer progresses, we expect to see bikers returning to the roads. The competition is a great way to make all road users more aware of the vulnerability of bikers.

"Drivers are reminded of the importance of watching out for riders and to always look carefully when pulling out at junctions, manoeuvring and changing lanes.

"We want the roads to be a safe place for everyone and ask that all road users help us to achieve this."

To the world you’re just one person, but to on person you’re the world. #WhoseWorldAreYou?

Matt Staton, from the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Road Safety Partnership, said: "We are very pleased to support this competition and encourage people to get involved by sharing their photos on social media.

"We are committed to reducing the number of serious and fatal collisions on the county's roads and I would urge everyone to play their part by looking out for one another."

The #WhoseWorldAreYou campaign delivers the message to bikers that to the world they're just one person, but to one person they're the world and encourages them to share pictures of them with that person.

Competition entries should be submitted via the force’s social media accounts: @CambsCops Twitter, @CambsCops Facebook or cambscops Instagram page, using the hashtag #WhoseWorldAreYou.

The campaign also aims to humanise riders by showing the person behind the helmet and demonstrating they are a range of people, with names, personalities and families, just like car drivers.

Competition entries should be submitted via the force's social media accounts: @CambsCops Twitter, @CambsCops Facebook or cambscops Instagram page, using the hashtag #WhoseWorldAreYou. Entries will be published on the force social media accounts.

The closing date for entries is midnight on Saturday, 30 June, 2018 and the winner will be announced on Friday, 6 July, 2018. For full terms and conditions visit the force website: www.cambs.police.uk/whoseworldareyou
