```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A convicted sex offender has been jailed after going abroad and failing to attend appointments.
publish:
  date: 3 Mar 2021
title: Jail for sex offender who went abroad and missed his appointments
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-for-sex-offender-who-missed-appointments
```

A convicted sex offender has been jailed after going abroad and failing to attend appointments.

William Cassidy, 31, was placed on the Sex Offenders Register in December 2018 after he was convicted of a sexual assault.

Cassidy was due to complete his initial notification appointment on 19 December, but he failed to make the meeting.

On 14 January 2019, police contacted Cassidy about the missed appointment. He claimed he didn't realise he needed to attend and stated he would go to Thorpe Wood Police Station the following day to complete it.

Once again Cassidy failed to attend and later called to say he was busy. Officers explained this was unacceptable and Cassidy then admitted he was abroad.

Despite being told by officers to return for his appointments, Cassidy failed to attend two further appointments with his probation team and the police.

Cassidy, of Kirkhams Lane, Elm, Wisbech, pleaded guilty to failing to comply with his notification requirements and was sentenced to eight months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Monday (1 March).

He was also handed a further three months in prison for breaching an order given to him during another case in Stevenage.

Detective Sergeant Kayleigh Smith, who investigated, said: "Cassidy was made fully aware of the conditions imposed upon him as part of being on the Sex Offenders Register but he chose to blatantly ignore them.

"I hope this case reassures the public of our commitment to keeping tabs on sex offenders and shows offenders how seriously we take breaches and failure to comply with conditions."
