```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police in Cambridge are urging businesses to check their security following a recent spate of burglaries.
publish:
  date: 5 Aug 2019
title: Spate of business burglaries in Cambridge
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/spate-of-business-burglaries-in-cambridge
```

Police in Cambridge are urging businesses to check their security following a recent spate of burglaries.

Since the beginning of July six businesses have been targeted, with one being broken into twice in a matter of weeks.

Targeting cash, safes and technology, intruders have smashed windows and forced their way through doors to get into the properties. The burglaries include:

 * A restaurant in Corn Exchange Street was broken into between midnight and 6am on 1 July, with an unknown amount of alcohol stolen.
 * An iPad, credit card machine and safe were stolen from a restaurant in King Street after a rear door was forced in between 5pm on 1 July and 7am the following day.
 * Three weeks later the King Street restaurant was again broken into through the rear door, resulting in another, smaller safe being stolen.
 * Nearly £300 was stolen from the till of a shop in Sussex Street after a window was smashed to get inside between 6pm on 22 July and 9am the following day.
 * A cafe in St. Edwards Passage was ransacked between 6pm on 28 July and 8am the following day after a window was smashed to get inside.
 * At about 4.30am last Thursday (1 August) an unknown amount of cash was stolen from a restaurant in Kings Parade after a window was smashed to get inside.
 * A restaurant in Newnham Road had cash, a CCTV recorder and a stereo stolen after a window was smashed to get inside between 11.30pm on 31 July and 11am the following day.

PC Leanne Robinson, of the Cambridge city neighbourhood team, said: "Over the past month we have seen an increase in the number of business burglaries in the Cambridge city area and believe they are all linked.

"I'd urge business owners to do what they can to ensure their property is secure, marked and monitored around the clock."

You can find our advice for businesses on our website https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Crime-advice-for-businesses.

Anyone with information about burglary should call police on 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
