```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Jon Paddock attacked the woman outside a Wisbech pub
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2021
title: Headbutt knocked woman unconscious
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jon-paddock-ABH-sentencing
```

A man who headbutted his ex-partner's friend outside a pub in Wisbech has been jailed.

Jon Paddock, of Princes Road, Wisbech, attacked the woman outside The Angel pub in the early hours of 29 April, 2018.

The 40-year-old turned violent after his relationship broke down and his ex-girlfriend came to return some house keys with her friend.

Paddock and the woman had dated for more than two years but the relationship turned sour.

The woman had asked to stay over at Paddock's house on 28 April to make it easier to complete an errand in Wisbech, but the pair fell out after an argument over the phone and the woman cancelled her visit.

This led to her receiving abusive texts from Paddock, including photos of him burning pictures of them together in a saucepan.

The woman decided to hand her set of house keys back to Paddock following this, and knowing where he would be that night, she visited him at a venue in Wisbech together with her friend.

After returning the keys the woman and her friend then went to The Angel pub. The pair stayed until closing time but, as the pub was shutting up, Paddock's ex-girlfriend rushed out to a nearby car park.

The woman was followed by her friend who was then attacked by Paddock. He headbutted her with such force that she was knocked to the ground unconscious.

She was treated by paramedics and taken to hospital where tests revealed she had suffered bruising to her head and arms, a split lip and a broken tooth.

Paddock was arrested at his home the following morning on suspicion of assault occasioning grievous bodily harm (GBH) without intent.

Officers noted he had a cut to his forehead and was wearing a grey hoody with blood on the sleeves. The blood on the clothing was analysed and found to match the victim.

In police interview, Paddock answered "no comment" to all questions asked of him by officers.

He was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH) and was found guilty after standing trial at Huntingdon Law Courts in early March.

DC Marc Bates, who investigated, said: "This was a nasty and savage attack which must have been horrific for the victim who was simply trying to help her friend.

"Paddock's behaviour was unacceptable and no-one deserves to be assaulted in this way. I hope this case highlights that we will do all we can to bring those who assault others so viciously to justice."

Paddock was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (31 March), where he was handed nine months in prison.

Anyone concerned about a partner's history can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law, which allows people to ask police about the information held on a person relating to domestic abuse offences and convictions.

The domestic violence disclosure scheme is named after Clare Wood, who was murdered in 2009 by her ex-boyfriend who had a history of violence against women.

For more information visit the force's dedicated web page: https://bit.ly/3dpizJU
