```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A drunk driver has been jailed after causing a collision which left a woman seriously injured.
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2021
title: Dangerous driver left woman seriously injured
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dangerous-driver-left-woman-seriously-injured
```

A drunk driver has been jailed after causing a collision which left a woman seriously injured.

Thomas Fielding, 30, was driving his grey Mercedes A180 on the southbound carriageway of the A1 at just after 11.45pm on 21 April, 2019, when he crashed into the back of a red Mini Cooper.

The force of the collision caused the Mini to overturn and leave the carriageway near Stibbington.

When officers arrived just nine minutes later, other motorists were attempting to stop Fielding from walking off along the central reservation.

Meanwhile, the driver of the Mini, a woman in her 40s, was left trapped in her car with serious injuries.

Officers instantly suspected Fielding was under the influence by his slurred speech and a roadside breath test revealed he was three times over the drink drive limit.

The victim was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital, in Cambridge, where she was treated for a fractured skull, sternum and spine.

Blood tests revealed Fielding was also under the influence of cocaine.

Fielding, of Saxon Road, Peterborough, was arrested and later pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

He was sentenced to one year and ten months in prison and disqualified from driving for four years at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (16 March).

**PC Darren Nyul said** : "Fielding put himself and the motorists around him in danger by getting behind the wheel while under the influence.

"His actions left a woman with serious injuries and I hope the sentence gives him time to reflect on his behaviour."
