```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police officers who arrested two people on suspicion of driving and drug offences near Glatton this morning have thanked members of the public for their help in apprehending them.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2020
title: Pursuit ends thanks to public support
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pursuit-ends-thanks-to-public-support
```

Police officers who arrested two people on suspicion of driving and drug offences near Glatton this morning have thanked members of the public for their help in apprehending them.

Officers from the Road Policing Unit (RPU) received reports of a speeding vehicle on the A1(M) at 9.01am and attempted to stop the vehicle.

The driver ignored the officers' request and drove off at speeds of more than 110mph, before leaving the motorway at Sawtry.

The vehicle then left the road and became stuck in a grass verge, prompting the driver and passenger to flee the scene on foot.

Officers from the National Police Air Service commenced an aerial search, while officers from the RPU and the BCH Dog Unit helped to find the suspects on the ground.

With assistance from concerned members of the public, two boys in their teens were found in the Glatton area and arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop, drug driving and possession of class B drugs.

Sgt Craig Wheeler said: "I would like to thank the members of the public who chose to help us in our pursuit for the two suspects. Their quick-thinking actions and courage meant we were able to conclude the search safely."

Anyone with dashcam footage of the collision or those who witnessed the incident, should call police on 101 quoting incident 72 of 17 April.
