```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A convicted sex offender who threw a memory stick out of his bedroom window when police came to check he was adhering to a court order has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2020
title: Sex offender threw memory stick out of window to evade arrest
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sex-offender-threw-memory-stick-out-of-window
```

A convicted sex offender who threw a memory stick out of his bedroom window when police came to check he was adhering to a court order has been sentenced.

Michael Jordan, 28, was handed a sexual harm prevention order (SHPO) following an offence in 2018. The order was due to run until 8 February 2023.

Conditions of the order meant Jordan was forbidden from creating a social network profile without disclosing it to the police. He was also forbidden from using any device to access the internet.

On 28 March officers attended Jordan's home in Bretton, Peterborough, as part of their checks to ensure he was sticking to his conditions.

When they arrived, officers described Jordan's behaviour as "nervous". He said he needed to go upstairs to wash his hands, but when officers followed him, they found him standing by his bedroom window.

Officers asked Jordan if he had thrown something out of the window, but he repeatedly denied it.

One of the officers then went outside and recovered a flash drive from under the window and Jordan finally admitted he had thrown it.

He explained he had used him mum's computer to access the internet and create a Pinterest account. He then admitted to downloading pictures of 15-year-old boys and girls.

Jordan was arrested on suspicion of breaching his SHPO and was questioned at Thorpe Wood Police Station.

He pleaded guilty to the breach and was handed a six-month sentence suspended for two years at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (18 August). He was also ordered to complete 80 hours of unpaid work and was handed another sexual harm prevention order.

Detective Sergeant, Paul Stimpson, who investigated, said: "It's clear Jordan couldn't be trusted to stick to his order.

"We carry out regular checks on people with SHPOs and we take breaches very seriously."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found here -> https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Child-protection/Sarahs-Law?utm_source=Press%20release&utm_medium=Jordan%20court%20report&utm_campaign=Child%20protection
