```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The force
publish:
  date: 27 Mar 2019
title: "RCAT team seize cannabis plants worth up to \xA372,000"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/RCAT-cannabis-plants-seized-cottenham
```

More than 80 cannabis plants have been seized - together with a suspected stolen vehicle and other items - thanks to the work of the force's Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT).

Officers from the team attended a site in Setchel Drove, Cottenham, whilst on a proactive patrol at 1.20pm yesterday (26 March).

They discovered the cannabis plants, in various stages of growth, together with a car, trailer, and various power tools, all suspected to have been stolen.

The plants are estimated to have a street value of up to £72,000, if all were to reach maturity.

They were seized together with growing equipment and the other suspected stolen items.

No arrests have been made and an investigation has been launched.

RCAT sergeant Craig Flavell said: "This is yet another excellent example of proactive policing under the force's Operation Raptor and helps reinforce that our officers can't be everywhere, but they could be anywhere.

"We have had a very successful hare coursing season and now that is coming to an end, yesterday's work is just the start of what will be a very busy summer for the RCAT team.

"Our work yesterday has helped take drugs off the streets and recover stolen vehicles and power tools, often a big concern in rural communities across Cambridgeshire.

"Anyone who suspects illegal drug activity, or any suspicious activity in their area should not hesitate to call police on 101 or report it to us online at https://www.cambs.police.uk/report/."

RCAT recently launched a new Twitter account in order to better engage with rural communities in the county.

The social network is used to promote the brilliant work the team does to keep rural areas of Cambridgeshire safe and enable officers to engage directly with those interested in rural crime.

You can find the account on Twitter by following @CambsRuralCops and also searching the hashtag #RCAT.

Operation Raptor is a force-wide operation that incorporates all of the force's proactive policing activity.

It focuses on using the force's resources to tackle force priorities, such as domestic abuse, child protection, and local issues raised by the public.
