```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who fraudulently spent more than \xA312,000 on a company fuel card has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 15 Dec 2020
title: Fuel card fraudster sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fuel-card-fraudster-sentenced-Dec-2020
```

A man who fraudulently spent more than £12,000 on a company fuel card has been sentenced.

Carl Freeman, 37, was working as a mobile service engineer for Lawrence David Ltd in September 2018 when the company brought in new measures to review operating costs.

As part of the review, company managers assessed the fuel consumption of each employee with a company-issued fuel card.

Freeman's fuel bill immediately caught the attention of management, as his expenditure far-exceeded that recorded by colleagues in similar roles.

He was issued a new vehicle and his fuel card was monitored over a three-month period, revealing Freeman's fuel consumption was double the usual spend.

The company launched an investigation and contacted a fuel station, who confirmed Freeman was filling up more than just his company van.

Freeman was found to be filling multiple fuel bowsers in the back of his van, for which the company unwittingly footed the bill.

Freeman, of Burton Latimer, Kettering, admitted fraud by abuse of position and was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment, suspended for 18 months, yesterday at Peterborough Crown Court.

PC Jason Waite said: "The scale of Freeman's deception was staggering, as he clearly gave no thought to the consequences of his actions.

"I hope he takes this sentence as a prompt wake-up call and will think twice before considering fraud in future."
