```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who led officers on a three-mile pursuit has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 16 Mar 2020
title: Man jailed following Peterborough pursuit
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-following-peterborough-pursuit
```

A man who led officers on a three-mile pursuit has been jailed.

Christie Samba, 26, was seen speeding in his black Mercedes by officers on patrol in Bishops Road, Peterborough, at about 10.15pm on 23 August.

Samba ignored the officers' signal to pull over and instead sped up, initiating a pursuit.

He drove through red lights, on the wrong side of the road and at speeds of up to 80mph within a 30mph residential area.

After about ten minutes Samba stopped the car on Belvoir Way, got out, jumped over a fence and ran off.

Officers issued messages over their radio providing Samba's description and he was stopped by an officer about ten minutes later.

Samba was arrested at the scene and taken into custody where it was established the car he was driving had false number plates and had been reported stolen from London.

He was linked to the car via fingerprint analysis on the vehicle's sat nav.

Samba, of Stourhead Gardens, London, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving without insurance and driving whilst disqualified.

On Friday (13 March) at Peterborough Crown Court he was jailed for ten months.

DC Lee Womack said: "Samba showed complete disregard for both the safety of himself and all those around him.

"He drove in an extremely dangerous and unsafe manner and could have easily caused serious harm.

"Thanks to the quick actions of the officers at the scene, he was apprehended and arrested.

"I hope the sentencing gives Samba time to reflect on his actions and highlights our commitment to catching dangerous drivers on the streets of Cambridgeshire."
