```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three men who targeted high-performance cars in a series of burglaries across Cambridgeshire have been jailed.
publish:
  date: 7 Mar 2019
title: Burglars jailed for nearly 20 years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglars-jailed-nearly-20-years
```

Three men who targeted high-performance cars in a series of burglaries across Cambridgeshire have been jailed.

Miles Cash and Michael Dear, both 22, and Jacob Smith, 19, were sentenced yesterday (Wednesday, 6 March) at Cambridge Crown Court after pleading guilty to conspiracy to burgle.

The court heard how between 26 June and 6 July 2017 the trio went on a crime spree, carrying out ten burglaries.

On the morning of 26 June the group broke into a property in Churchfield Way, Wisbech, and stole a set of keys for an Audi S3 before making off in the vehicle.

A few hours they attempted to steal a car from a house in Peterborough Road, Whittlesey, but were disturbed by a neighbour and fled.

At about midday they carried out their third burglary of the day, stealing an Audi TTS from a home in Chestnut Drive, Thorney, after smashing a conservatory window to access its keys.

Two days later a home in Broadway Gardens, Peterborough, was raided by the group who were driving the stolen Audi TTS. They stole a white Golf GTD, ramming a member of the public's vehicle to get away.

Half an hour later a red Toyota GT86 was stolen from the driveway of a house in Beechings Close, Wisbech, and then seen being driven away with the stolen Golf and a champagne coloured Audi TT.

Further offences in the spree were:

 * The trio, one armed with a sledgehammer, raided Thorney Discount Store in Wisbech Road, Thorney, at about 11.30pm on 30 June. They stole cigarettes and £2,000 in cash before speeding off in the stolen Audi TT.
 * Nearly £2,500 in cash was stolen from a house in Church Road, Emneth, Norfolk, before the homeowner returned to see the group leaving the property armed with a knife and a police-style baton. They drove off from the scene in the stolen Audi TT.
 * Wearing masks, the men smashed their way into a petrol station in Padholme Road, Peterborough, on 1 July at 11.45pm. The group filled a bin with cigarettes and attempted to break into an ATM. When they failed to get into the machine they sprayed the station with a fire extinguisher before driving off in the stolen Audi TT.
 * Two days later the same group returned in the stolen Audi and Toyota at about 11.45pm. The group again targeted the cash machine but changed their target to cigarettes and cash when they realised the machine was out of service.
 * On 6 July the group smashed their way into a home in Leverington Common, Leverington, stealing keys to a BMW 330I, and subsequently the car, as well as a 10-week-old Staffordshire Bull Terrier called Digby.

Cash, of the Homestead, Bentley, Doncaster, was sentenced to eight years imprisonment. Dear, of Dear, of Stockbridge Lane, Bentley, Doncaster, was sentenced to six years imprisonment. Smith

Smith, of Norton Common Road, Norton, Doncaster, was sentenced to five years and eight months in a youth offenders institute

DC Justin Parr said: "Cash, Dear and Smith targeted high-performance cars and over the course of 11 days, caused misery throughout the county.

"The group operated in broad daylight and were brazen in the way they carried out these crimes, doing whatever it took to leave with what they wanted.

"Burglary can have a devastating impact on victims, which is why tackling it is one of our priorities. We are working hard every day to bring offenders before the courts."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary.

From left to right: Jacob Smith, MIchael Dear and Miles Cash The stolen Audi
