```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who threatened to \u201Cslash\u201D another man in a caf\xE9 has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 11 Dec 2020
title: "Man threatened to \u201Cslash\u201D caf\xE9 customer"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-threatened-to-slash-cafe-customer
```

A man who threatened to "slash" another man in a cafe has been sentenced.

Joel Farrow-Brown, 21, visited the cafe in Mill Road, Cambridge, on 21 September.

He threw a metal chair at a man, threatening to "slash him up" and telling him to "take it like a man".

Three months earlier on 10 June he had been involved in another argument, this time with two men he knew in the alcohol aisle of Tesco, in Yarrow Road, Fulbourn.

The argument became increasingly heated and resulted in Farrow-Brown throwing bottles of alcohol at the men.

The confrontation moved towards the front of the store, where Farrow-Brown threatened members of staff before driving off.

On Monday (7 December) at Cambridge Crown Court, Farrow-Brown, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to eight months in prison, suspended for two years, after pleading guilty to affray, criminal damage and using threatening words and behaviour to cause alarm or distress.

He was also fined £128, ordered to complete 100 hours of unpaid work and handed a 9pm to 6am curfew, lasting three months.

PC Aga Strykier, who investigated, said: "Farrow-Brown has repeatedly caused significant concern in a number of public places.

"People should be able to go about their lives in public places without being confronted by this kind of appalling behaviour."
