```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Toni Mandley said CCTV of her caught in the act was "misleading"
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2020
title: Mother tried to smuggle drugs in condom
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Toni-Mandley-sentencing-HMP-Peterborough
```

A mother who tried to smuggle cannabis and tobacco inside a condom to a serving prisoner has been sentenced.

Toni Mandley, 26, of Betony Close, Northampton, visited a man she knew in HMP Peterborough with her young daughter on 18 April last year.

Whilst in the visiting area Mandley was seen by CCTV operators to pass an item to the man, which he then hid down his trousers.

When the man left the visitors' area a prison officer noticed he wasn't walking freely and seemed to be restricted in his movements.

The man was searched and an item was found between his thighs, which then fell to the floor.

Mandley's details were taken but, as she had her young daughter with her, she was let go and reported to the police.

The item found was wrapped in clingfilm and then placed into a condom. Two smaller packages were also found inside.

They were examined by a force drugs expert, with one package found to contain cannabis and the other tobacco.

In a voluntary police interview, Mandley gave a pre-prepared statement denying the offences and claimed the CCTV of her handing over the package was "misleading".

She answered "no comment" to all other questions asked by officers.

However, Mandley was later served with a postal requisition charging her with bringing a list A article into a prison.

She admitted the charge at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (16 September). She was sentenced on the same day and handed six months in prison, suspended for a year.

She was also ordered to complete a 20-day rehabilitation activity requirement.

Sentencing, Recorder Patrick Fields told Mandley she had handed the drugs and tobacco over "surreptitiously" and had then tried to lie her "way out of it" in interview.

He added that smuggling drugs into prison cultivates violence and intimidation, and "needs only a spark".

DC Louis Scott, who investigated, said: "Drugs can ruin lives and Mandley knew this, yet she still decided to try and smuggle cannabis and tobacco into HMP Peterborough. Thankfully this was intercepted.

"I hope this sends out a warning to those who try to smuggle into prison - you will be brought before the courts."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, visit https://bit.ly/32D7Ebj
