```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The teenager pointed an air pistol at a group of boys of a similar age
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: Teenager with air pistol sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/teenager-air-pistol-sentenced-cambridge
```

A teenager who pointed an air pistol towards a group of boys a similar age - and also later sent one of the group threatening messages - has been banned from Cambridge city centre.

The 15 year old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was in the Fallowfield area of Cambridge on the evening of 8 December last year.

The teenager stated that he was asked by his friend to sell cannabis to another boy of a similar age, which he agreed to do, Cambridge Crown Court heard.

The drugs were exchanged but the defendant believed he had been given a Chinese bank note, so then challenged the group.

The group walked towards him and fearing he would be assaulted, the defendant pulled out the air pistol and pointed it at them.

Later on that evening he also sent threatening messages on Snapchat to the same boy.

Police were called and took statements from those involved in the incident.

Officers then attended the teenager's home and arrested him at just after 4.30am on 9 December.

During a search of his home officers found a gas-powered air pistol, together with bags of cannabis and a set of scales.

They also noticed the teenager was wearing the same clothing as had been described by the boys.

The teenager's iPhone was also seized from him and on Snapchat were a number of images which advertised cannabis, next to his phone number.

As well as this there was a note saved with names and amounts of money - suggestive of a debt sheet. Also found were text messages arranging sales of cannabis.

At Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (15 March), the teenager pleaded guilty to possession of an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear, possession of cannabis and sending malicious communications and was handed a 12-month Youth Rehabilitation Order (YRO).

He was also given a 20-day rehabilitation requirement.

He was banned from entering Cambridge city centre, excluding the M11, for three months.

DC Martyn Willis, who investigated, said: "Youth Rehabilitation Orders (YROs) are community sentences given to children. The nature of these offences were shocking, particularly given the age of the defendant.

"The teenager put other boys of a similar age in genuine fear that violence would be used against them.

"I am glad we have managed to bring this teenager to justice and seize both the weapon and the drugs."
