```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The victim of an unprovoked attack in Peterborough has spoken of his ordeal as police launch a fresh appeal for witnesses surrounding the incident.
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2018
title: Fresh appeal following unprovoked attack
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Fresh-appeal-unprovoked-attack
```

The victim of an unprovoked attack in Peterborough has spoken of his ordeal as police launch a fresh appeal for witnesses surrounding the incident.

Calvin Dawson, 24, was left with serious injuries following an assault on Bank Holiday Monday (27 August).

At about 4am, Mr Dawson was in the alleyway between Tesco and O'Neill's in Broadway, when he was knocked unconscious.

He was struck to the face, leaving him with several fractures and a broken jaw, and was taken to Peterborough City Hospital where he required extensive surgery.

No arrests related to the incident have yet been made.

Mr Dawson said: "All I remember is waking up to the sound of people screaming and then being in an ambulance.

"The attack has left me wary to go out at night, I went on holiday recently but I was really cautious and just couldn't enjoy myself.

"I had money saved up but I've now had to spend that on dental work. I had braces for four years and now that's all been ruined because many of my teeth were knocked out.

"The hospital surgery was horrible, I'd had the roof of my mouth smashed up and coming to terms with that was tough.

"To think that someone came along and messed everything up for me, for seemingly no reason, is difficult.

"Nothing was taken from me. I was on a night out, but I hadn't done anything to annoy anyone.

"I just can't understand why someone would do that, and I want to find who did this. The biggest thing for me is worrying that this is going to happen to anyone else.

"Not only that, but if this person is caught then it will make others think twice about doing something similar in the future."

The offender is described as a black or mixed race man with short dark afro hair and was wearing a light blue top with Adidas written on it.

Detectives are keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the assault and ask that they report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report quoting 35/25603/18 or call 101.

Calvin Dawson was left with serious injuries as a result of the attack
