```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A team of officers who played key roles in rescuing a teenager have been commended.
publish:
  date: 3 May 2018
title: Officers, staff and life-saving members of the public commended at special ceremony
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/chief-commendation-may-2018
```

A team of officers who played key roles in rescuing a teenager have been commended.

Supervisor Sergeant Mark Rabel deployed officers to a bridge over the A14 in October last year following reports of concern for the woman's welfare.

PCs Dougie McColm, Eleanor Bacchus Adam Catling, Louise Henry, Brad Munday, Alex Moreton, Charlie Mitton, Simon Anker and Tom Sheridan all played a part in bringing the woman to safety.

Between them they stopped six lanes of traffic, administered first aid, kept her relatives calm and pulled her to safety.

Chief Constable Alec Wood said: "It is clear the officers' actions saved a life. They took extraordinary risks to keep a vulnerable person safe. The exceptional level of professionalism was far above that normally expected of their rank and experience."

Officers commended for assisting vulnerable teenager

The Chief Constable's Commendations Ceremony was held at the police headquarters in Huntingdon last night (3 May) where he presented awards to police personnel and members of the public in front of an audience of friends and family.

Nicky Alexander, 47, and Geraldine Wells, 50, from Peterborough, were awarded the Royal Humane Society Resuscitation Certificate for saving the life of a young woman in March last year.

The pair were at a fair in Meadow Car Park with their children when the teenager became unwell. Geraldine, a midwife, and Nicky, a childminder, quickly realised that the girl was unconscious and administered CPR for more than eight minutes.

The girl was taken to hospital and spent 24 hours on a life support machine. She has since fully recovered from the incident.

Nicky said: "We didn't have time to think, just put what we had learned through our jobs into practice. We wouldn't hesitate to do it again."

Nicky Alexander and Geraldine Wells

Stephen Jones, 36, from Woking, Surrey, was presented with the Royal Humane Society Testimonial on Vellum for putting his own life in danger to save another.

Mr Jones was visiting his family in The Bank, Parsons Drove on 30 April last year when he heard a loud smash from outside. He quickly ran outside to see a car sinking into the river and heard a woman shouting from inside the vehicle.

He said: "It was the most chilling sound, the vehicle was quickly submerging and I said 'I'm going in'. The driver's window was broken and I reached in but there wasn't anyone in the driver's seat. I swam underneath the vehicle and opened the passenger door and pulled her to the bank.

"She was struggling to breathe as her lungs were full of water but thankfully survived and got to see her family again. My three-year-old now thinks I'm a superhero but I was just doing what I would hope someone would do for me if I was in trouble."

Stephen Jones

Mr Wood said: "Last night we heard stories of remarkable and selfless acts, and those who have worked in difficult situations. They all deserved the recognition they were given. My personal thanks and congratulations go to each and every one of them."

Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite added: "It is hugely inspiring and indeed humbling to hear just how far each of the recipients go to protect people in our communities. What they do on a daily basis is outstanding and makes me very proud."

Long service award recipients

**Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal
** PC Leo Baker
Chief Insp Kate Firman
PC Ian Gray
Sgt Clare Mead
DI Iain Moor
PC Jonathan Morris
PC Jason Porter
Chief Insp Marcia-Jayne Pringle
DC Helen Roseman

**Police staff Long Service award
** Tara Langwade
Jennifer Slingsby
Stephen Smith
Lorraine Sturgeon

**Special Constabulary and volunteers Long Service award
** SC Dani Waples
S/Insp Susan Speechley
S/Sgt Tony Bolton
SC Huw Parry-Jones
Assistant Chief Officer Alex Walden
Volunteer Countryside Watch Co-ordinator Ellen Muirhead

**Commendations**
PC Louise Henry
PC Alex Moreton
Sgt Mark Rabel
PC Charlie Mitton
PC Dougie McColm
PC Eleanor Bacchus
PC Simon Anker
PC Adam Catling
PC Brad Munday
PC Tom Sheridan

**Resuscitation Certificate
**Nicky Alexander
Geraldine Wells

**Testimonial on Vellum
** Stephen Jones

Commendation recipients
