```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Our consultation on proposals for a new police station on the outskirts of Milton closes in one week.
publish:
  date: 23 Jul 2020
title: A week left to have your say on proposals for a new police hub in Milton
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/last-week-milton-consultation
```

Our consultation on proposals for a new police station on the outskirts of Milton closes in one week.

The consultation will close on Friday (31 July) so there is still time for the community to get involved and provide feedback on the proposals via a virtual exhibition.

There are also two live chats through the website which will be held on:

 * Saturday 25th July from 10am to 12pm
 * Thursday 30th July from 12pm to 2pm

The Constabulary, alongside the Office for the Police and Crime Commissioner, launched the formal consultation on 1 July, on proposals to build the new hub next to the Park & Ride facility in Milton.

The current facilities at Parkside Police Station in Cambridge do not allow the Constabulary to fully respond to today's needs. There is no room to expand the existing station, too few cells, the location is subject to heavy traffic and the building doesn't meet modern standards.

In total the Constabulary considered 22 sites, most recently in June 2020, and after assessing a number of criteria including availability, ecology issues, access and infrastructure.

Milton will be a base for the local community policing team and will enable the police to respond to local population growth and the challenges of modern-day policing.

The benefits of the proposed site include:

 * Enhanced facilities enabling the Constabulary to respond to, and investigate, complex crimes such as fraud and online investigations more effectively.
 * Enhanced facilities allowing for the increased use of virtual courts which reduces the need for travel to courts.
 * Increase in cell provision from 12 to 24 to help meet future demand.
 * The facilities and ability to better meet demand as population growth continues.
 * Better road access, subject to less traffic, enabling officers to respond to calls for service more efficiently.

The Constabulary understands there is significant demand for there to be a police station in Cambridge city centre, to act as a base for the city centre policing team, and are committed to providing that. Options are currently being explored, including sharing facilities with other public sector partners. Further details will be provided in due course.

Area Commander for the south of Cambridgeshire, Superintendent James Sutherland said: "Our population is growing and our current police facilities do not allow us to fully respond to today's needs. New facilities will allow us to improve our response and service to our local community.

"The proposed site at Milton has a number of benefits that will enable us to respond, and investigate complex crimes more effectively, it will increase cell provision, resulting in a more effective use of officer's time and allowing us to respond to calls for service more efficiently.

"We have been pleased with the response that we have received so far, and urge anyone who has not already given us their feedback to do so and help shape the future of policing in Cambridgeshire."
