```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed for four-and-a-half years for drugs and firearms offences.
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2017
title: Man jailed for drugs and firearms offences
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-drugs-firearms
```

A man has been jailed for four-and-a-half years for drugs and firearms offences.

Jamie Woods, 21, was involved in two violent episodes with youths in Melbourn on Halloween last year.

The court heard Woods and four friends approached a group of teenage boys who were sitting around a fire in High Street at about 8pm.

Woods was abusive, blaming them for starting the fire and pushing members of the group. He pulled out an imitation firearm, waved it in the air started asking who had started the fire.

He began threatening them, pointing the weapon at two members of the group, claiming it was "real" and could "shoot them".

The group managed to escape unharmed but later bumped into Woods and his friends again. In this second encounter, a 16-year-old boy was hit twice and knocked to the ground.

Woods, of Brox Dell, Stevenage, was arrested and denied the offences however he was found guilty of possession of an imitation firearm and affray at Cambridge Crown Court following a four day trial.

Yesterday (19 October) he was jailed for six months for affray and 18 months for possession of an imitation firearm, to be served consecutively.

He also received a further sentence of 30 months for being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and a further 18 months for being concerned in the supply of class B drugs, to be served concurrently but consecutively to the other sentences. Detective Constable Martyn Willis said: "Jamie Woods is a dangerous man who threatened those younger than him with violence.

"I hope this sentence demonstrates that firearms offences and violence will not be tolerated in Cambridgeshire."
