```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar who carried out a string of break-ins in Cambridge has confessed to the crimes nearly 10 years after they were committed.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2019
title: Prisoner confesses to historical burglary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prisoner-confesses-to-historical-burglary
```

A burglar who carried out a string of break-ins in Cambridge has confessed to the crimes nearly 10 years after they were committed.

Patrick Hamilton, 44, forced a rear window at a property in Mortlock Avenue on Saturday, 2 August, 2009, stealing property worth £3,750 including two laptops a sat nav and an Xbox.

He also raided another five properties in the Cambridge area.

But the crimes went unsolved until December last year when Hamilton, who is currently serving time for an unrelated offence at HMP Birmingham for a robbery in Cambridge, contacted police via his solicitor and said he wanted to clean up his offending history and bring closure for victims.

He was produced from prison for two days, on 14 and 15 February, and driven around Cambridgeshire at his direction where he admitted to the offences and explained how he carried out the crimes.

Hamilton admitted burgling the Mortlock Avenue property and recalled "they were packing to go away". The victims said they had just moved into the property and had packing boxes and stuff everywhere.

He was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (14 May) to eight months in prison for burglary, which will run concurrently with his current sentence.

DC Neil Gibbs, who investigated, said: "It's unusual to get such a confession from a serving prisoner, but we are pleased he decided to finally come clean and bring some sort of closure for the victims of his crimes.

"It's all part of the rehabilitation process and I am glad we have finally got justice for the victims and that Hamilton will pay for his crimes."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary

Anyone with information about burglary should call police on 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
