```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridge officers have held the first of a series of bike marking events in a bid to deter cycle thieves.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2019
title: Bike marking event in fight against cycle crime
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bike-marking-cycle-point
```

Cambridge officers have held the first of a series of bike marking events in a bid to deter cycle thieves.

In partnership with Greater Anglia, Sergeant Kiri Mazur and a team of PCs and PCSOs were at Cambridge station's cycle point this morning (23 October) offering crime prevention advice, registering bikes and reminding people how to report thefts.

Cambridge is known as the capital of cycling in the UK and has always had a strong association with bicycles with good provision for cycling and cyclists.

Bicycle crime is a recognised issue in Cambridge and by far the most prevalent single offence category in the city. In the past six months (April-September) there have been 1,871 reported cycle thefts in the city, amounting to around 10 every day.

As well as the obvious inconvenience and upset caused by a theft, cycles are often the main form of transport to and from work, college or university for their owners.

Sgt Mazur said: "We're working closely with British Transport Police, Cambridge University and other partner agencies including Greater Anglia to try to combat bike crime through cycle awareness days, bike marking with Immobilise, education, catching offenders and recovering stolen bikes with proactive patrols.

"All cycle theft is recorded and assessed as to whether or not there is a proportionate line of enquiry to follow that may allow officers to solve the crime. All crime trends are reviewed and analysed to identify bike-theft 'hotspots'.

"We urge cyclists to ensure their bike is secured with at least one decent lock, as well as being marked and registered to increase the chance of it being returned if it is stolen."

Greater Anglia's Area Customer Service Manager, Mike Barry said: "Cambridge station cycle point is used by thousands of people every day.

"It has 2,850 cycle parking spaces over three floors, which are covered by a large network of CCTV cameras. Staff also patrol the cycle point every four hours.

"We are committed to providing secure, free cycle parking across our network."

There will be further events at Cambridge station on 7 November between 4pm and 7pm and 27 November between 10am and 4pm.
