```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Josephine John was negotiating a roundabout in Sawston in September 2017
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2020
title: Driver who killed cyclist handed suspended sentence
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fatal-collision-sawston-2017-driver-sentenced
```

A driver who killed a cyclist while negotiating a roundabout in Sawston has been handed a suspended sentence.

Josephine John, 78, of Lynton Way, Sawston, was driving her red Ford Fiesta at about 1.15pm on Saturday 30 September, 2017.

She was travelling on High Street at its roundabout with Link Road when she struck a cyclist entering the junction.

As a result of the collision the cyclist, 88-year-old George Donaldson of Queens Way, Sawston, was taken to hospital but died of his injuries the following Thursday (5 October). John was unharmed.

John was voluntarily interviewed in June 2018 and claimed she was negotiating the roundabout when she heard a "clatter". She stopped immediately and got out of her car to find a cyclist lying in the road injured.

She told officers she just "didn't see" Mr Donaldson before the point of impact.

John was later charged with causing death by careless or inconsiderate driving and admitted the charge at a previous court hearing.

She was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court on Monday (17 August), where she was handed four months in prison, suspended for 12 months. She was also disqualified from driving for a year.

PC Ian Masters said: "This is a tragic case that has sadly resulted in an elderly man losing his life.

"Although John did not intend for this collision to happen, it is a stark reminder of the importance of the responsibility motorists have in staying alert. I urge people to ensure they pay careful attention when driving, and be particularly aware of vulnerable road users such as cyclists and pedestrians."
