```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are urging members of the public to take precautions after 14 burglaries have taken place in Wisbech over the last two months.
publish:
  date: 11 Jul 2019
title: Warning following Wisbech burglary series
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Warning_following_Wisbech_burglary_series
```

Police are urging members of the public to take precautions after 14 burglaries have taken place in Wisbech over the last two months.

Intruders have forced rear doors and windows or smashed windows and ransacked the properties, stealing jewellery, laptops, iPhones, bank cards and cash.

Detective Sergeant Shishminder Thind said: "Burglary is a priority for the force and we are using all tactics available to us to catch those responsible for these offences.

"In some instances offenders have forced entry but we have also seen a number of offences where entry has been made through unlocked patio doors and windows. I urge all residents to take precautions where they can and check their home security, especially when out of the house."

Residents are urged to:

 * Always keep doors and windows closed and locked or in a ventilated but locked position, even when they are inside the house. Always check and lock doors with a key - never assume that just pushing up an internal handle will lock the door.
 * Remove keys from window and door locks, but keep them in a familiar and safe place where all members of the family know where to find them in the event of an emergency.
 * Never leave items such as keys, bags, presents and money on show through a window.
 * Consider the position of key racks or shelves next to a door and ensure that they cannot be reached through the letter box.
 * Use timer switches to turn on lights and radios when you are going to be away from your house at dusk.
 * Consider the use of lights at the front and rear of your property that are activated when someone approaches.
 * Consider the use of bolts and padlocks on side gates. Place the bolts at the top, middle and bottom of the gate, as just a top bolt might be easy to reach and open.
 * A visible intruder alarm box can prove to be one of the biggest deterrents to an opportunist burglar, so consider installing a DIY or supplier installed system.

If anyone has any information on any of the burglaries you should contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
