```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The warrants were carried out after information from members of the public
publish:
  date: 20 Jun 2019
title: Cannabis plants seized after warrants in Wisbech
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-seized-warrants-wisbechstmary
```

Police carried out three warrants near Wisbech this morning after information provided by members of the public.

Officers from the Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT) and the Northern Community Action Team (CAT) executed three warrants at plots on Sand Bank, Wisbech St Mary.

Approximately 70 cannabis plants were discovered with a street value of up to £35,000.

Four people have been voluntarily interviewed at the scene and an investigation is ongoing.

The warrants were carried out as a result of information provided by members of the public.

RCAT sergeant Craig Flavell said: "We'd like to thank members of the public who called in with information relating to the above location.

"These warrants this morning are a positive example of how members of the public reporting information to us makes a difference, and also shows the work our officers do off the back of that information.

"Sometimes a lot of work goes on behind the scenes that is not immediately obvious to members of the public - but all information supplied to us helps us build a picture of what is happening in a specific area.

"I would strongly urge anyone who suspects any suspicious activity in their area to please report it to us."

Anyone wishing to report suspicious activity in their area can report it by calling 101, or reporting online at www.cambs.police.uk/report. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.
