```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man threw a boiling hot drink and then spat at a fast food worker after being asked to move on to the next window in a drive-through takeaway.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019
title: Man threw hot drink at takeaway staff
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-threw-hot-drink
```

A man threw a boiling hot drink and then spat at a fast food worker after being asked to move on to the next window in a drive-through takeaway.

Guiseppe Depaolo, 33, visited the McDonalds drive-through at Brotherhood Retail Park, in Peterborough, in June this year.

He ordered and paid for food for himself and a woman, but when asked to drive to the next window he refused and started shouting abuse.

He demanded a refund, which he was given for his food, but his hot drink was already prepared so he said he would take it.

When staff handed it to him, Depaolo removed the lid and threw the contents towards a female member of staff at the window, scolding her arms and wrists. He then spat at the window before driving off.

Depaolo appeared at Cambridge Crown Court on Thursday (10 October) where he was jailed for a year after pleading guilty to the attack and a string of other offences.

In May and June, he made off without paying for fuel worth £400 from four different fuel stations across Cambridgeshire.

Then, on 23 June, Depaolo and an unknown woman visited an Aldi store in Bretton, Peterborough, and were challenged by staff after they suspected them of shoplifting.

Depaolo became abusive towards the member of staff, calling her a "foreigner" and telling her to "go back to her country". He then spat at her and her colleague before leaving.

Depaolo admitted racially aggravated common assault, ABH, making off without payment, four bilking offences and driving without a licence.

PC James Przyjemski, who investigated, said: "Depaolo has made a number of poor decisions and this sentence, I am sure, is welcomed by all of his victims.

"This kind of behaviour will not be tolerated and we will relentlessly strive to bring offenders to justice"
