```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A teenager from London who admitted intending to deal drugs at a Peterborough \u2018nappy night\u2019 has been handed a suspended sentence."
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2020
title: "Suspended sentence for teenage \u2018nappy night\u2019 drug dealer"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspended-sentence-for-teenage-nappy-night-drug-dealer
```

A teenager from London who admitted intending to deal drugs at a Peterborough 'nappy night' has been handed a suspended sentence.

Jamie Vohman, now 19, was just 17-years-old when he was found in possession of up to £440 worth of MDMA and ketamine.

On 10 April 2018, officers were on patrol in Peterborough city centre when they were flagged down by a member of staff at The Solstice night club.

They were informed that the club was hosting a 'nappy night' for under 18s and door staff had detained a teenager after they found what they believed were drugs on him.

Vohman, of Benfleet Way, London, was arrested and later charged with possessing a class A drug with intent to supply and possessing a class B drug with intent to supply, which he admitted in court.

Today (Friday, 25 September), he appeared at Peterborough Crown Court where he was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for two years.

He was also ordered to complete 150 hours of unpaid work.

DC Lee Lombardo said: "Here in Cambridgeshire we are doing all we can to make it a hostile environment for people to sell drugs and we are grateful for the support of partner agencies, such as those working in the local night-time economy, to help us tackle this issue.

"It is saddening to see someone so young have their life ruined because of drugs, however I hope this result gives Vohman plenty of time to reflect on his choices and make a change for the better."

Anyone with information about drug dealing can report it to us online at https://bit.ly/3mG874j
