```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A stalker bombarded a woman with text messages, followed her multiple times in the street and waited outside her home with a makeshift listening device.
publish:
  date: 25 Jun 2020
title: Stalker sentenced for harassing ex-partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stalker-sentenced-for-harassing-ex-partner
```

A stalker bombarded a woman with text messages, followed her multiple times in the street and waited outside her home with a makeshift listening device.

John White, 64, was in a relationship with the victim, a woman in her 50s, for 11 years before it came to an end in October 2018.

In May last year, he harassed the victim on multiple occasions and began stalking her for the next three months.

White bombarded the victim with messages asking to speak to her and for her to go to his house. On a number of occasions he followed her in St Ives town centre on his bike and shouted at her.

On each occasion the victim ignore him, but she continued to see him drive slowly past her house or in the area of where she was, multiple times a day.

On 27 July, the victim visited Morrisons in St Ives with her new partner. When they arrived they saw White's car in the car park.

They parked on the other side of the car park, but when White recognised their van, he moved his car so that it was parked directly behind them.

When the couple left the area to go to a nearby Tesco's instead, they were followed and White stood directly behind them whilst queuing to pay at the till.

At about 1.30am on 11 August, the victim was sat at home watching the TV. When she got up to close the curtains, she saw White standing in her back garden.

The victim called police straight away and officers arrived within eight minutes.

By this time, White had left the area on his bike but he was quickly spotted by an officer on patrol in the area.

He refused to stop for the officer and during a brief foot chase he discarded a makeshift listening device made from a fishing rod.

He was arrested nearby on Warner's Park on suspicion of stalking.

A search of White's address, in Parkside, St Ives, revealed recording equipment and laptop files named after the victim.

Whilst being questioned, White claimed he only wanted to talk to the victim and find out the real reason they broke up.

White admitted stalking and was sentenced to 10 months in prison, suspended for two years, at Cambridge Crown Court on Monday (22 June).

He was also handed an indefinite restraining order and is required to complete 100 hours of unpaid work.

DC Jennifer Park said: "White harassed the victim continuously for months, understandably causing her a great deal of strain.

"He ignored the victim's refusals to message or speak to him and stopped at no end to see her.

"I hope the sentencing gives the victim some measure of comfort and closure and shows our dedication to safeguarding victims and bringing offenders before the courts."

More information and advice on stalking can be found on the force website here: https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Stalking-and-harassment
