```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The charges come after patrols by the force
publish:
  date: 29 May 2019
title: Three charged with drug offences
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/three-men-charged-drug-offences-huntingdon-cambridge
```

Three men have been charged with drug offences as a result of proactive patrols by officers from the Southern Impact Team over the bank holiday weekend.

Officers were out in Huntingdon on Sunday (26 May) when they spotted two men acting suspiciously.

They were searched and arrested on suspicion of drug offences just after midday - and have both now been charged.

Quasim Abbas, 32, of Bradshaw Close, Huntingdon and Arnold Pilgrim, 36, of Elm Close, Huntingdon - have both been charged with possessing criminal property and two counts of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.

After the arrests, the team spotted a man in Cambridge who they also thought was acting suspiciously.

He was arrested near Castle Hill on Sunday evening on suspicion of drug offences and has since been charged.

Igor Pereira, 35, of no fixed address, has been charged with two counts of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.

All three men appeared at Cambridge Magistrates' Court yesterday morning (28 May) for their first hearings and have been released on conditional bail. A further hearing at Cambridge Crown Court is yet to be set.

Anyone wishing to report suspicious activity in their area can report it to us by calling 101, or reporting online at www.cambs.police.uk/report. Always call 999 if a crime is in progress.

You can tell us any information you may have about criminal or suspicious activity in your community. Information provided will be reviewed and could help to stop a crime or convict an offender.

Some examples of what to report include:

 * Anti-social behaviour
 * Dwelling burglary
 * Child abuse/exploitation
 * Domestic abuse
 * Serious sexual offences
 * Extremism and counter terrorism
 * Modern day slavery
 * Firearms
 * Drug usage or distribution
