```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man from Cambridge who was caught with thousands of indecent images of children has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2021
title: Paedophile caught with thousands of indecent images
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Paedophile-caught-with-thousands-of-indecent-images-13012021
```

A man from Cambridge who was caught with thousands of indecent images of children has been sentenced.

Brandon Lynch, 21, was at his home in the Mill Road area of Cambridge, on 24 May 2019, when officers conducted a warrant after receiving intelligence that illegal content was being downloaded from the property.

When officers searched his home they seized five electrical items and seven mobile phones.

Analysis of the devices revealed 15,260 indecent images and videos of children. Of these, 4,528 were category A - the most severe. In addition, a further 456 images or videos were identified that were classed as either prohibited, extreme or were indicative of a sexual interest in children.

A 170-page 'paedophile manual' was also found on an external hard drive belonging to Lynch.

He was voluntarily interviewed about the content, but replied "no comment" to all questions.

Lynch was charged and later admitted three counts of making indecent images of children, possessing a prohibited image of a child, possessing a paedophile manual and three counts of possessing extreme pornographic images.

Today (13 January) at Cambridge Crown Court he was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years. He was also given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for ten years, placed on the Sex Offenders Register for ten years and ordered to complete 50 days of rehabilitation activity requirement.

DC Scott Bowden said: "The content discovered on Lynch's devices was both disturbing and utterly disgraceful.

"The images and videos depicted some of the most vulnerable in our society being subjected to horrendous abuse.

"I'm pleased his behaviour was uncovered and he has appeared before the courts for his crimes.

"Sexual Harm Prevention Orders allow officers to conduct regular unannounced checks to ensure people are not breaching the stipulations, which include restricting use of the internet and access to electronic devices."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to a child, can apply for disclosure information through Sarah's Law.
