```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A convicted killer flew into a rage and assaulted a prison officer after his Xbox was confiscated.
publish:
  date: 1 Feb 2021
title: Inmate assaulted prison officer over Xbox
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Inmate-assaulted-prison-officer-over-Xbox
```

A convicted killer flew into a rage and assaulted a prison officer after his Xbox was confiscated.

Andre Joseph, 28, was serving a 16-year sentence at HMP Whitemoor, in March, when the prison was put into lockdown due to an incident on 11 January last year.

Joseph, who was convicted of manslaughter following the death of man in Enfield in 2017, was confined to his cell when officers began searching it as part of standard lockdown protocol. He became aggressive and as a result was removed from the cell while the search was completed.

When he returned he noticed a number of items, including the Xbox and several DVDs, outside his cell. An argument ensued with Joseph adamant he was entitled to the games console.

As he became more aggressive officers attempted to restrain him, but he picked up a plastic kettle and hit one of them in the face with it, causing a deep laceration down his face and across his nose.

He was eventually restrained and taken to the segregation unit.

Joseph, of no known previous address, pleaded guilty to assault causing grievous bodily harm without intent.

On Thursday (29 January) at Peterborough Crown Court, Joseph was ordered to complete an additional six months in prison on top of his existing sentence.

DC Shelly Reeve said: "Joseph's behaviour on that day was despicable. He attacked someone who was simply trying to do his job.

"Staff were under increased pressure due to the earlier incident which led to the lockdown and to attack one of them in this way was simply unacceptable."
