```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "The two men who were found with more than \xA3700 worth of crack cocaine and heroin"
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2019
title: Duo jailed for drug dealing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-dealer-duo-caught-in-Cambridge-jailed
```

Two men who were found with more than £700 worth of crack cocaine and heroin have been jailed.

Zakariya Hilowloe, 21 and Daniel Yemane, 30, were initially pulled over by officers on 20 April in Cheddars Lane, Cambridge, after their car was showing as having no insurance.

When officers tried to search them Hilowloe became abusive. As a result, they took the men into custody where a strip search revealed £720 worth of crack cocaine and heroin hidden on Yemane.

Hilowloe, of no fixed abode, stood trial at Cambridge Crown Court in July and was found guilty of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply.

Yemane, of South Esk Road, London, pleaded guilty to possession of a class A drug with intent to supply.

They were sentenced on Friday (27 September) at Cambridge Crown Court, where Hilowloe was jailed for four years and Yemane for three years and nine months.

PC Dan Scott, who investigated, said: "We're working hard to tackle drug dealing across the county.

"These substances wreak havoc on people's lives, and dealing can often be linked to violence, intimidation and other offences, as people look to feed their addictions."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report this to police online at https://www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
