```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Man who raided Cambridge jewellery shop is locked up
publish:
  date: 20 Aug 2018
title: Hammer-wielding robber gets 10 years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/hammer-robber-jailed
```

A robber barged his way into a Cambridge jewellery shop, grabbed tens of thousands of pounds worth of rings and then struck a woman with a hammer in a bid to flee.

Patrick Hamilton, 43, pushed his way into the shop in Magdalene Street as a member of staff was unlocking the entrance door on the afternoon of 16 March.

He broke the glass on a display counter using the hammer, grabbed jewellery and put it down his top.

The shop owner tried to stop him but he hit her around the head with the hammer before making off on a bike.

He had stolen rings worth more than £75,000.

The shop owner was not seriously injured but did visit hospital as a precaution. Another shop assistant and a woman outside the shop who attempted to stop Hamilton both received minor injuries.

Hamilton was arrested at his home in Chesterton Road, Cambridge, on 19 March and found with crack cocaine, heroin and cannabis on him.

He refused to be interviewed by police and denied robbery, two counts of battery and possession of class A drugs and cannabis.

However, on Friday (17 August) he was found guilty on all counts at Cambridge Crown Court and was jailed for 10 years for the robbery. He was given lesser sentences for all the other charges, to run concurrently.

DC Karen Lunn said: "The shop staff and the member of the public were very brave in trying to stop Hamilton and the latter was given a £250 reward by the judge.

"Hamilton was clearly ready to use any force necessary to commit this robbery and the sentence reflects the severity of the crime."
