```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A \u2018third strike\u2019 burglar has been jailed for two years and eight months after breaking into a Peterborough home last month (October)."
publish:
  date: 30 Nov 2020
title: "\u2018Third strike\u2019 burglar jailed for almost three years"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Craig-Warriner-sentencing-Nov2020
```

A 'third strike' burglar has been jailed for two years and eight months after breaking into a Peterborough home last month (October).

Craig Warriner, 34, was arrested on 29 October following a burglary at a flat near to Central Park earlier the same week.

On Monday 26 October, police were alerted to a burglary at a flat in Highbury Street after the occupant had returned home to find her bedroom had been entered and items including her bank card had been stolen.

Checking her online banking app, she saw a purchase at Asda in Rivergate for £7.05 made at 4.10pm that afternoon.

Police attended Asda to check CCTV footage when they spotted Warriner using the card to buy kitchen rolls, snacks, crisps and a bag for life.

Three days later officers on patrol in Eastfield Road spotted Warriner who was arrested and taken into custody, wearing the exact same clothing to that in the Asda CCTV footage.

Further CCTV enquiries carried out by the Acquisitive Crime Team showed Warriner walking down Highbury Street at the time of the offence, again wearing the same clothing.

He admitted charges of burglary including theft of £200 cash, a mobile phone and a bank card, as well as one count of fraud by false representation, namely using a stolen bank card to purchase goods worth £7.05.

Warriner, of Crawthorne Street, appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (27 November) where he was sentenced to 32 months in prison.

DS Shish Thind said: "This was a joint effort by the Acquisitive Crime and Impact teams who acted quickly to put a prolific burglar back behind bars.

"As we draw further into winter and nearer the Christmas season, I would urge members of the public to take precautions and put measures in place to avoid their homes being targeted by thieves."

Advice on how to best protect your home from burglars can be found on the force website via https://bit.ly/2HIbLem.
