```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who left a woman permanently scarred following an unprovoked attack has been jailed for more than two-and-a-half years.
publish:
  date: 13 Feb 2019
title: Unprovoked attack left woman scarred
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Unprovoked-attack-left-woman-scarred
```

A man who left a woman permanently scarred following an unprovoked attack has been jailed for more than two-and-a-half years.

Larry Oloruntoba, 25, got into an argument with a group of women who were sat in a black Vauxhall Corsa at a car park in Norfolk Street, Peterborough, on the evening of 11 August.

One of the women, who is in her 20s, had one of the vehicle's doors slammed shut on her leg by Oloruntoba before he threw a drink over her and slapped her twice.

He then turned on one of her friends, who is also in her 20s, throwing a glass at her face and breaking her eye socket. The woman was taken to Peterborough City Hospital where she required stitches.

Officers arrested him on Tuesday, 11 September, after he was identified by a member of the public who recognised him from a public appeal.

Oloruntoba, of Sheenewood, London, was sentenced to two years and eight months imprisonment at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (12 February) after pleading guilty to causing grievous bodily harm, without intent.

DC Steph Parker said: "Oloruntoba carried out this traumatic and vicious attack out of the blue, leaving one victim requiring hospital treatment and with permanent scars.

"Violence will not be tolerated in our county and this result demonstrates how seriously we and the courts take matters like this."

Jailed: Larry Oloruntoba
