```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two officers whose first aid saved two stab victims have been commended for their life-saving actions.
publish:
  date: 27 Sep 2018
title: Officers recognised at commendations ceremony
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Officers-recognised-commendations-southern
```

Two officers whose first aid saved two stab victims have been commended for their life-saving actions.

Acting Sergeant James Thorne and PC Chris Jupp received a South Area Commander's Commendation at a ceremony earlier this month.

In the early hours of 24 March, the officers were on patrol in Cambridge when they were approached by a man with serious stab wounds. The pair carried out first aid for 15 minutes before an ambulance arrived and they received a second report of a stabbing in the same road.

They ran to the second incident where a woman had been stabbed twice and carried out first aid while they waited for another ambulance.

DC Martin Hardy was assigned to investigate and remained in contact with the victims, who returned to their home country in Germany after the attack. He arranged for officers to visit them in Germany to complete an identification process, which resulted in a 17-year-old boy from Cambridge being arrested.

The teenager was found guilty of two counts of causing grievous bodily harm following a six-day trial at Cambridge Crown Court and sentenced to six years in a young offenders' institution.

DC Hardy was also commended for his compassion and exemplary investigation skills leading to a conviction. The victims made full physical recoveries but are still dealing with the impact of the incident.

Superintendent Jon Hutchinson said: "This is just one example of many cases where our officers have gone beyond the call of duty to protect and reassure the public.

"The actions of James and Chris undoubtedly saved the victims' lives that day, providing vital first aid until ambulance workers arrived.

"DC Hardy demonstrated his compassion throughout this investigation, regularly checking in with the victims even though they had left the country.

"I am immensely proud to have them serving our county."

The ceremony was held on Tuesday, 18 September at Cambridge Regional College. Commendations were presented by Supt Hutchinson and High Sheriff Dr Andrew Harter.

Other commendations included PC Alice Draper, for her dedication, leadership and commitment to the police cadets and DC Ruth Craig for her investigative tenacity, professionalism, ability and excellent diligence.

James Thorne Alice Draper Ruth Craig
