```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who threatened neighbours with a samurai sword during New Year celebrations in Cambridge has been handed a suspended sentence.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2019
title: Cambridge man threatened neighbours with sword
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambridge-man-threatened-neighbours-with-sword
```

A man who threatened neighbours with a samurai sword during New Year celebrations in Cambridge has been handed a suspended sentence.

Daniel Zajechowski, 32, was lighting fireworks in the garden of a property in Wilson Close at just after midnight when a neighbour confronted him, saying he had dug a rocket too deep into the ground.

Zajechowski ignored him and lit the firework which exploded at ground level, annoying more neighbours who confronted him to complain.

The argument turned violent when one neighbour emptied a beer bottle and gestured to Zajechowski that they would throw it, prompting him to run into his flat to grab the sword.

As he returned brandishing the weapon, neighbours called the police and Zajechowski went back to his flat, leaving the sword in the garden.

Officers arrived at the scene and arrested Zajechowski, who initially claimed the sword was actually a crutch and the neighbours were mistaken.

Zajechowski, of Wilson Close, Cambridge pleaded guilty to possession of an offensive weapon in public and was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months today at Cambridge Crown Court. He was also given a 25 day rehabilitation activity requirement.

Sergeant Robert Taylor said: "Although Zajechowski didn't use this weapon, he caused a great deal of distress to those around him by brandishing it during a heated situation.

"We see frequent reminders that carrying weapons can have tragic consequences. Thankfully, in this instance the sword was not used and nobody was physically harmed."

Know someone who carries a weapon? Please help us tackle serious street based violence and report it to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
