```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Event to feature full range of jobs at constabulary
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2019
title: Celebrities to attend one-off recruitment fair
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/recruitment-fair-july-penny-sandi
```

TV stars Penny Lancaster and Sandi Bogle will talk about their experiences on the front line of policing in Cambridgeshire at a special one-off recruitment fair.

The celebrities will be at force HQ in Huntingdon on Saturday, 13 July, for the event which will showcase the full range of jobs available at Cambridgeshire Constabulary.

Penny, a regular panellist on ITV's Loose Women, and Gogglebox star Sandi, both appeared on Channel 4's Famous and Fighting Crime earlier this year.

They saw the reality of working for a busy police force and witnessed cases involving violence and drugs first-hand.

The event will be opened by Deputy Chief Constable Nav Malik and there will be talks on the recruitment process, the Special Constabulary, and vetting, and personal stories from current police officers as well as Penny and Sandi.

There will be representatives of various areas of policing including regulars, Specials, scenes of crime, cadets, major crime, dog unit, armed policing and the rural crime action team.

Places are limited for members of the public to attend and those interested are urged to book via the force website to avoid disappointment.

Mr Malik said: "Cambridgeshire Constabulary is a great place to work and policing in general is a fantastic career choice, no matter what your background. That is the message we're trying to get out through this event while showcasing the variety of roles available in a 21st Century police force.

"I'm delighted Penny and Sandi enjoyed their time on the frontline and were sufficiently inspired to come back and help us to promote jobs within the force. They will be able to give a fascinating insight into what it's like to be welcomed into the policing family and hopefully encourage some others to take the same steps."

Earlier this month, Penny, who is married to singer Rod Stewart, spoke about her time working with Special constables in Cambridgeshire as part of National Volunteers' Week.

She said: "My time filming with Cambridgeshire police for Famous and Fighting Crime was a revelation. I was so impressed by the work the police do all the time, which often goes unseen.

"The fact that some officers do their role in their spare time, without pay, and alongside a regular career, was just inspiring. I experienced first-hand how they put themselves in harm's way and go towards danger when others are running away."

In April, Penny also became a patron for the charity Care of Police Survivors (COPS), which supports families of police officers and staff who die on duty.
