```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A prolific criminal has been jailed for 20 weeks for burgling three businesses in Fenland.
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2020
title: Prolific criminal jailed for Chatteris burglaries
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Andrew-Yallop-August2020
```

A prolific criminal has been jailed for 20 weeks for burgling three businesses in Fenland.

Andrew Yallop, 27, was arrested at his home address in Saunders Close, Huntingdon, on Thursday morning (13 August) in connection with burglaries in Chatteris the previous week.

Overnight on 5 and 6 August, Yallop broke into Sharman Quinney estate agents in West Park Street and stole a camera bag, SD card and Canon camera all worth £455.

He then moved on to Upchurch Vehicle Services in Prospect Way where he kicked open a door however he lost his balance and fell onto a nearby car, touching it with his un-gloved hand.

Failing to gain entry to the garage, Yallop went on to New Vision fitness centre in Eastwood where he smashed the front doors and trashed the reception area before leaving empty handed.

PC Michelle Bax said: "The property stolen from Sharman Quinney was recovered in a bush near to New Vision fitness centre after CCTV captured the offender ditching it before making off. We identified the man as Yallop who was swiftly arrested for the crimes."

Yallop, who was on early release from prison on licence, was recalled to prison to serve the remainder of a previous sentence for burglary.

PC Bax added: "It is always disappointing to see when someone doesn't learn from their previous actions, despite spending time in prison.

"For as long as Yallop continues to offend and not change his ways, we will continue to put him before the courts."

He appeared at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on Friday (14 August) where he admitted burglary including theft of items worth £455 from Sharman Quinney estate agent and two counts of burglary with intent to steal relating to the incidents at New Vision fitness centre and Upchurch Vehicle Services.

He was jailed for a total of 20 weeks and must pay a total of £955 compensation to the victims.
