```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Officers investigating a series of fraud incidents have released images of a car they believe to be involved.
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2018
title: Police issue warning of bogus police officer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-issue-warning-bogus-police-officer
```

Officers investigating a series of fraud incidents have released images of a car they believe to be involved.

In the past few weeks there have been three incidents in Peterborough of bogus police officers asking people for money.

In one incident a man pretending to be a police officer called the victim and told them they were investigating criminal activity on the victim's bank card, which was linked to an inside job at NatWest Bank.

The victim was asked to withdraw £5,000 and hand it over to a police officer, who would collect it from him with a code word.

The victim asked to see identification from the police officer, but was told it was an undercover operation and the officer would not be able to identify himself.

The victim felt this was suspicious so refused to hand over the money, but he was told he would be 'arrested under section 84 for refusing to cooperate with a police enquiry.'

The bogus officer arrived in a hatchback car, believed to be on fake plates, and the victim handed over the £5,000 in cash.

The suspect who collected the money is described as Asian, around 6' to 6'6", with brown hair.

Detective Constable Louise Mann said: "Your bank and the police will never ask you to withdraw cash, reveal your PIN number or passwords or purchase high value goods that they will then collect from your home.

"If you believe you have been a victim of fraud you should contact Action Fraud any time of the day or night using their online fraud reporting tool or by calling 0300 123 2040."

Anyone who has seen the car or who has information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CF0087850218 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org
