```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Neighbourhood policing officers have hailed a dispersal order a success after it was put in place to prevent car drifting events across the county.
publish:
  date: 27 Aug 2019
title: Dispersal order a success
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Dispersal_order_a_success
```

Neighbourhood policing officers have hailed a dispersal order a success after it was put in place to prevent car drifting events across the county.

The order, which enabled, police to move people on from an area where they suspected their behaviour was anti-social, was in place between 5pm on Saturday (24 August) and 10am on Sunday (25 August).

The measure was taken in response to information about a large car meet up in Peterborough.

During the period of the dispersal order two dispersal warnings were issued, with one vehicle being seized under the dispersal powers for the duration of the order.

Inspector Karl Secker said: "There were just three calls from members of the public regarding anti-social driving, all of which were from 'splinter groups' and not the main event.

"Officers were deployed on foot to speak with attendees of the event, who were very supportive of the police presence and were keen to ensure the event was as safe as possible."

The authority covered the entire county however both warnings were issued in Peterborough.

Inspector Secker added: "We were aware of the planned event in Peterborough which would involve a large number of vehicles and had the potential to form into anti-social driving in 'splinter' groups.

"The dispersal order gave us the power to stop individuals from doing so before problems started to arise. It allowed us to take possession of anything that was causing or likely to cause safety concerns, as in this case we took the keys to a car which was not being driven suitably.

"We didn't have many reports from residents about anti-social driving so we will look to implement dispersal orders again should we receive intelligence that a meet up is due to take place.

"We are also looking at the issue longer term within the neighbourhood policing teams. We will be looking to work with the local council, residents, business owners and car enthusiast groups to minimise future issues.

"We would like to thank those who attended the event for abiding by the rules of the "static" meet whilst at the car park."
