```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who burgled a Cambridge home on his 19th birthday has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 15 Mar 2018
title: Teenager raided home on his birthday
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Teenager-raided-home-birthday
```

A man who burgled a Cambridge home on his 19th birthday has been jailed.

Reis Treby gained entry to the property in Selwyn Road on 29 December. Once inside, he stole three computer games, five DVDs and a controller for a games console.

The victim was upstairs and came down to confront Treby, before chasing him out of the property. Treby fled and discarded the items in a bag in a nearby garden where they were found by a resident the following day.

Treby's fingerprints were found on the DVD cases and his DNA on a glove in the bag.

Before he could be arrested, Treby was caught on CCTV using a pair of bolt croppers to steal a bike from the underground cycle park in Thompsons Lane, Cambridge, on 17 January.

He was arrested on 29 January in Barnwell Road, Cambridge, with a pair of bolt croppers in a backpack and a knife with an eight-inch blade in his coat. He also had three-and-a-half Alprazolam tablets and a small amount of cannabis on him.

Treby, of Kendal Way, in Cambridge, pleaded guilty to burglary, theft of a bicycle, going equipped for theft, possession of a knife in a public place, possession of cannabis and possession of a Class C drug. A car theft and three other bike thefts were taken into consideration at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (14 March), where he sentenced to two-and-a-half years in prison.

Photo: Reis Treby

Detective Sergeant Emma Compson said: "It is depressing that such a young man should spend his birthday committing crime but I hope this sentence will give him the time to consider his actions and his future.

"Treby showed no regard for other people as he repeatedly stole from Cambridge residents.

"We know the impact burglary can have on victims, which is why tackling it is a force priority. We are doing all we can to identify offenders like Treby and bring them to justice."

On Monday (12 March) the force launched Operation Aware, which is tackling burglary by targeting offenders and urging homeowners to take "one more step" to improve their home security.

Visit www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary for burglary prevention advice.
