```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police officer reveals benefits of volunteering
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2019
title: A Special route into policing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/special-police-officer-recruitment
```

_**Sophie Bunting is now a police constable but started out as a Special while studying. Here she tells us how important volunteering was to launching her career in policing.**_

"I first decided to apply to become a Special constable whilst I was studying psychology at university. I was applying for a range of placements for my third year of study and nothing was really taking my fancy. I remember going to my student recruitment officer and asking for advice on placements within the criminal justice system. I was told that these experiences were limited and given a website link that advertised agencies wanting volunteers. That night I was scrolling through the website and again nothing was really of any interest to me and my degree. I remember seeing an advert on the website for Special constables in Cambridgeshire and was intrigued as to what a Special constable was as I had never heard of it at the time.

"As I was looking into the role it looked more and more interesting and the thought of having an insight into what being a police officer is like really intrigued me. I have always been interested in the criminal justice system and had been contemplating the routes into becoming a prison officer or police officer for a few years but never really committed to applying as I thought that they would be very 'Marmite' jobs. So the idea of being able to experience what the job of a police officer actually entailed rather than what is shown on TV and in movies seemed perfect; I would be able to (a) see whether it was what I expected, (b) see whether I enjoyed it and (c) determine whether I had the necessary skills to apply to become a PC if I enjoyed it. I completed my application form that night.

"I started my training in December 2016, which consisted of classroom-based weekends. We received a basic understanding of the most common laws (assault, public order, theft etc) as well as an insight into the computer systems and processes used for different types of crimes/incidents. There were also opportunities for us to take part in role plays to put the learning into practice. There were a few days of officer safety training and first aid training which allowed us to be able to carry the same equipment as a PC would, as well as having an understanding around the powers to use each piece of equipment. After the training was complete we took part in final role plays, which were marked as Pass/Fail. These were designed to make sure we understood all of the legislation/skills/processes we had been taught and were competent to be able to be crewed with a PC. At the end of February we had our attestation where we were sworn in and given warrant cards. A few days later I was given a tour of Huntingdon Police Station and the keys to my lockers. We were also given action checklists which keep track of types of incidents/processes you have completed. Once the checklist has been completed and signed off by a PC and Special sergeant, you are able to go out as a SC single crewed.

"The day of my first shift was nerve wracking as I didn't know what to expect. When I turned up at my first shift I was greeted by a very friendly PC who had asked if I was the new SC and had said that I would be crewed with him for the shift. My first shift was great, the officer I was with was extremely experienced and was really helpful, answering all of my questions and explaining things as we went to each job. I was very lucky that I was able to go out on shift regularly, which I thought would help me put all my learning into practice and give me the best understanding of the job. For a couple of months I was able to crew with the same officer each time I went out, which really helped my development and learning as he acted as my tutor; knowing what type of incidents I had been to and what aspects I needed to improve on or complete. Once I became more confident and competent I started to crew with other officers on shift. All of the officers on the shift I went out with were fantastic, they were supportive, extremely welcoming and always had time to help me understand and explain anything I hadn't quite grasped or understood fully.

"I was really enjoying going out on shift and the fact that every day I went in was different. Being a Special also allowed opportunities to experience particular events and pre-planned events such as warrants, night-time economy patrols, festival patrols etc. After about six months I decided that I wanted to apply to be a PC after I had completed my degree. I spoke with officers on my shift about the application process and everyone was very helpful and supportive in giving advice on the application process.

"When going through the application process to become a PC, my experiences from being a Special really helped me. I was able to draw from experience in competency interviews to explain what skills I used to deal with particular jobs, and I also had more of an understanding regarding what the role of a PC would involve.

"During the 16 weeks of training I already had a basic understanding around some of the legislation being taught as well as how to use equipment and processes. This really helped as the amount of information given each day was sometimes overwhelming so already having a basic understanding allowed me to focus on other areas, which I didn't already have an understanding of. I also felt confident in the use of some computer systems and the use of airwaves, which meant that, again, I didn't feel too overwhelmed with having to understand how to use these at the same time as learning legislation. It also meant that I was able to help anyone else that had not used these before and add context to how they are used by PCs on shift. When taking part in role plays in training I didn't feel as nervous as I had done when I did role plays as a Special as I had experience of dealing with similar incidents in the real world.

"Whilst being a Special doesn't guarantee you will pass the application process to become a PC, I would recommend to anyone sitting on the fence about applying to be a PC to start off as a Special. It will allow the opportunity to experience all aspects of police work and gain a wealth of knowledge. It will also allow the development of skills required to become a PC and the experience will be invaluable when using examples in the application process."
