```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who robbed two businesses at knifepoint in one weekend has been jailed for nine years.
publish:
  date: 23 Aug 2018
title: Knifepoint robber jailed after weekend crime spree
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Knifepoint-robber-dring
```

A man who robbed two businesses at knifepoint in one weekend has been jailed for nine years.

Kenneth Dring, 53, threatened staff with a knife, forcing them to hand over cash.

The first robbery happened on Friday 6 April at Coral bookmakers in High Street, Histon.

At 8pm Dring walked into the store and vaulted over the counter with a knife in his hand.

Kenneth Dring

He waved the knife towards a staff member, demanding that he open the safe. Stealing £275 before fleeing on a bike.

Two days later he robbed the Co-Op on Station Road, Histon. First entering the shop at 10pm to ask if there were any jobs before returning at 11pm and holding a knife to the manager's back demanding money from the safe. Leaving with £2000.

Kenneth Dring

Officers identified Dring from CCTV from both shops. When arrested, he was found with the jacket and trainers he wore during the robbery.

On Friday (17 August) Dring, of Boode Croft, Liverpool, was jailed at Cambridge Crown Court after pleading guilty to two counts of robbery and two counts of possessing an offensive weapon in public.

DC Lisa Bacon said: "These robberies left several victims fearing for their lives, which has understandably left them shaken.

"This sentence reflects the severity of Dring's actions and shows the tough stance the criminal justice system takes on knife crime."

Kenneth Dring
