```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Two burglars stole \xA33000 worth of fuel in a total of 28 thefts at filling stations across the county."
publish:
  date: 13 Dec 2017
title: Two men jailed for fuel thefts and burglary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Two-jailed-fuel-thefts-burglary
```

TWO burglars stole £3000 worth of fuel in a total of 28 thefts at filling stations across the county.

Sean Fowler, 26, and James Peyton, 24, used a stolen Volkswagen Golf to carry out the crime spree throughout June.

Peterborough Crown Court heard the Golf was taken on Friday, 12 May, after the pair had stolen its ignition keys from a Volkswagen Passat at a property in Montague Road, Cambridge, the day before.

They also carried out a burglary in High Street, Chesterton, on 22 June, stealing the victim's car keys and subsequently a Kia Rio worth £2500.

They were caught after officers identified them from CCTV images.

Fowler, of Fallowfield, Cambridge and Peyton, of Scotland Road, Cambridge, admitted conspiracy to steal and handling stolen goods (the Golf) in connection with the fuel thefts and were each jailed for 12 months on Monday (11 December).

They denied the burglary but were found guilty following a trial and each received a two year sentence, to run consecutively with the other sentences. Both were also disqualified from driving for a year following their release.

Detective Constable Lisa Bacon said: "Fowler and Peyton were prolific offenders, using a stolen vehicle in nearly 40 offences in the space of a month.

"This sentence reflects how seriously the legal system takes theft and burglary offences."

Sean Fowler James Peyton
