```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who drove a Range Rover dangerously causing the death of a veterinary nurse from Yaxley has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 14 May 2020
title: Man who killed veterinary nurse sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-who-killed-a-veterinary-nurse-sentenced
```

A man who drove a Range Rover dangerously causing the death of a veterinary nurse from Yaxley has been sentenced.

Vytautas Kiminius, 35, killed 46-year-old Rachel Radwell, of Crane Avenue, just after 2am on 12 November, 2018, after taking a bend on the wrong side of the road and colliding head-on with her car.

The crash, which happened in Ramsey Road, Peterborough, left Kiminius uninjured but caused fatal injuries to Rachel who died in hospital.

Kiminius, of Sudbury Court, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to causing death by driving a vehicle while uninsured but denied causing death by dangerous driving. He was found guilty of the offence following a trial in February.

Today (Thursday 14 May) he was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court to four years and six months in prison.

Sgt Mark Dollard, from the Road Policing Unit, said: "Rachel was a well-loved family member, friend and colleague who was tragically killed by Kiminius. He was driving at night on an unlit road and thought it was okay to cut a blind corner.

"This put him on the wrong side of the road resulting in him colliding head-on with Rachel's car. This needs to be a stark warning of the consequences posed by driving dangerously, it destroys lives.

"I have been amazed by the Radwell family, their patience and understanding throughout this whole investigation."
