```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who went on a rampage in Cambridge, assaulting a paramedic, a van driver, a cyclist and a police officer, has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 2 Nov 2018
title: Man jailed for Cambridge rampage
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-rampage
```

A man who went on a rampage in Cambridge, assaulting a paramedic, a van driver, a cyclist and a police officer, has been jailed.

Jordan Hurst, 22, was in Hills Road on 14 July last year when he was approached by two members of an ambulance crew following a 999 call from another member of the public.

After initially accepting help, Hurst began verbally abusing and threatening a member of the crew and then attempted to trap the man's leg in the door of the ambulance. He also punched the other to the shoulder.

Hurst then went into a nearby branch of the Co-op, followed by the ambulance crew, who witnessed him stuff a sandwich down his trousers and run out of the shop without paying.

Following the theft Hurst made his way to Gresham Road where he approached a van waiting at a junction. He removed his belt and used it to hit the vehicle. When the driver got out Hurst assaulted him with the belt before trying to escape.

When confronted by a cyclist, Hurst punched the man causing a cut above his eye, before being restrained by members of the public who called police.

When officers arrived at the scene Hurst made threats and kicked one of them after being arrested.

He was taken to hospital as a precaution as it was believed he had consumed drugs or a large quantity of alcohol. While at the hospital he broke a piece of medical equipment by throwing it against a wall.

Hurst, of Stanesfield Road, Cambridge, pleaded guilty to three counts of assault by beating, two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm, two of damaging property, assaulting a police officer and failing to surrender to bail.

Today (2 November) at Cambridge Crown Court Hurst was sentenced to two years in prison.

Photo: Jordan Hurst

PC Ed Allison said: "This incident began with two people trying to help Hurst, who returned this act of kindness by verbally abusing and assaulting them.

"He showed a complete lack of regard for others as he went on to assault more people and cause distress to others.

"Emergency services staff work incredibly hard under extremely challenging circumstances. Assaults like this will not be tolerated and we will do all we can to bring people before the courts."

Paul Marshall, Sector Head of Service Delivery at the East of England Ambulance Service, said: "Ambulance crews go out onto the streets, into people's home homes and in all kinds of environments where people have accidents or fall ill.

"Every day they do their best to care for people, and it is entirely unacceptable that any member of our staff, both on the frontline, or anywhere else, is subjected to abuse of any kind. The Trust will always support staff in pursuing criminal charges and we will always push for the highest possible action to be taken in these cases."

The Trust is running its #DontChooseToAbuse campaign to encourage members of the public to make a choice and treat ambulance staff with respect.
