```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary have engaged with thousands of people on proposals to build a new police hub on the outskirts of Milton.
publish:
  date: 10 Sep 2020
title: Constabulary release findings report on proposals to build new police hub in Milton
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/milton-consultation-findings
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary have engaged with thousands of people on proposals to build a new police hub on the outskirts of Milton.

In conjunction with the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, the Constabulary held the month-long consultation in July to gain the views of residents, partners and stakeholders around a proposal to build a new police hub in Milton to replace Parkside Police Station while maintaining a presence in the city centre.

The consultation gave people the opportunity to explore the plans visually through a virtual exhibition and provide their feedback. There was also the option to speak to members of the project team via stakeholder briefings and online chat sessions.

A newsletter was distributed to approximately 8,500 household, businesses and stakeholders in the local area, more than 2,000 people visited the dedicated project website to view the proposals and 120 people filled in the feedback forms.

The majority of those providing the feedback agreed (70%*) that the hub is a good use of the Milton site.

The current facilities at Parkside Police Station do not allow the Constabulary to fully respond to today's needs. There is no room to expand the existing station, too few cells, the location is subject to heavy traffic and the building doesn't meet modern standards.

In total the Constabulary considered 22 sites, most recently in June 2020, and after assessing a number of criteria including availability, ecology issues, access and infrastructure, a site next to the Park & Ride facility in Milton was considered the best option.

Area Commander for the south of Cambridgeshire, Superintendent James Sutherland said: "We are extremely grateful to everyone who took the time to give us their feedback and help shape the future of policing in Cambridgeshire.

"All of the comments received have been reviewed by the project team in readiness for the planning submission.

"We're committed to engaging with the local community and following submission of the application we will ensure that all interested parties and key stakeholders remain informed and updated regarding the proposals."

An analysis of the feedback received and responses can be viewed here. A planning application will be submitted in the coming weeks.

Members of the public and stakeholders can register for updates via the consultation website.

*39% strongly agreed, 31% agreed that the police hub would be a good use of the site against 8% who strongly disagreed and 8% who disagreed.
