```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Roberto Martiniani brandished a metal bar from a disabled support rail towards an A&E nurse
publish:
  date: 22 May 2019
title: Man sentenced after threatening hospital nurse
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Roberto-Martiniani-addenbrookes-hospital-nurse-assault
```

A man who broke off a metal bar from a disabled support rail before brandishing it aggressively towards a nurse has been sentenced.

Roberto Martiniani, of Wycliffe Road, Cambridge, was at Addenbrooke's A&E department on 18 December when he was escorted to a disabled toilet by a nurse.

The 47 year old went into the toilet but didn't lock the door behind him. The hospital nurse returned a short while later to check he was OK but heard a strange noise.

She opened the door and witnessed Martiniani breaking off a metal bar from the support rail before walking towards her with it above his head.

Martiniani brandished the bar in an aggressive manner but the nurse managed to move out of his way.

Martiniani was restrained by security staff and later voluntarily interviewed on suspicion of common assault against an emergency worker.

He pleaded guilty to the offence at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on Friday (17 May) and was sentenced to a two-year community order.

Martiniani was also ordered to complete a 30-day rehabilitation activity requirement and pay £100 in compensation to his victim.

PC Brad Munday, who investigated, said: "This was an incredibly nasty incident and Martiniani threatened an emergency worker who was simply doing her job.

"While no physical harm was caused, she feared violence would be used against her.

"No-one should ever be treated in this way and I hope this conviction deters others from assaulting emergency service workers."

For more news, witness appeals and court reports visit the news and appeals page.
