```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man from Peterborough who was found to be in possession of a 12-inch knife has been jailed for nine months.
publish:
  date: 19 Nov 2020
title: Peterborough man jailed for drugs, weapon and theft offences
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Lee-Edwards-sentencing-Nov2020
```

A man from Peterborough who was found to be in possession of a 12-inch knife has been jailed for nine months.

Lee Edwards, 34, was arrested on 1 October this year after he was stopped by police in Woodston.

Officers who manage Edwards as a prolific offender for offences including burglary and theft, spotted him in Queens Walk on a bicycle.

They flagged him down to have a chat with him however he tried to make off from officers but fell off his bike, then tried to run away but was detained by the team.

Suspecting he had something to hide due to how he reacted to their presence, Edwards was searched and found to be in possession of items used in connection with theft; bolt croppers, vise-grip wire cutters and gloves.

Officers also found a combat knife with a 12-inch blade on him, as well as class B drugs.

Edwards, of no fixed address, was charged with being in possession of a knife in a public place, going equipped for theft, possession of cannabis and amphetamine, all of which he admitted in court.

He appeared at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (13 November) where he was sentenced to a total of 40 weeks in prison.

PC Craig Trevor said: "Edwards is a prolific offender who I am pleased is now back behind bars. We don't know what he was planning on using the tools for, but had it not have been for the intervention by officers that day, we could have been dealing with another burglary of someone's home.

"It is concerning he was found to be carrying such a dangerous weapon, I would urge anyone who knows someone who carries any form of weapon to report it to us."

Anyone with information about someone who carries a knife is urged to report it to police online at https://bit.ly/3kJ3mVi.
