```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The case of a young man who was killed by a knife through the heart is the focus of the latest episode of 24 Hours in Police Custody.
publish:
  date: 4 Jun 2018
title: Knife crime murder to feature in latest 24 Hours in Police Custody
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/24-hours-op-generate
```

The case of a young man who was killed by a knife through the heart is the focus of the latest episode of 24 Hours in Police Custody.

The episode, which airs tonight (Monday, 4 June) on Channel 4 at 9pm, shows the murder investigation unfold as detectives hunt the killer of James Cromwell.

James, 27, from Cambridge, died of a single stab wound to the heart in Stretten Avenue in June last year (2017). His killer, 25-year-old Abdul Korim Ali used the knife he was carrying after a row broke out between the pair. He is now serving a life prison sentence.

James with his son Leon

Detective Inspector Alan Page, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "The murder of James shows the reality of what occurs if you choose to carry a knife. If Abdul Korim Ali had not made the decision to carry a knife I am sure the altercation between him and James would have been punches thrown and nothing more.

"I would like to thank James' family for being involved in the programme and helping to highlight the devastating consequences carrying a knife can have."

Assistant Chief Constable Paul Fullwood, who is in charge of the Joint Protective Services Command which oversee the Major Crime Unit said: "This was a difficult and demanding case and it is due to the professional and diligent investigation undertaken by the Major Crime Unit James' family have seen justice.

"It is good to see programmes showcasing the outstanding work of the officers and staff on the Major Crime Unit and colleagues from other departments in the search for truth and to help bring closure to those affected by some of the worst crimes which occur in our communities."
