```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Officers are investigating the cause of a fire at Duxford Primary School on Friday evening (31 July).
publish:
  date: 3 Aug 2020
title: Fire at Duxford Primary School
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fire-at-duxford-primary-school
```

Officers are investigating the cause of a fire at Duxford Primary School on Friday evening (31 July).

Police were alerted to the incident at the site in St John's Street at 8.37pm and assisted the fire service whilst they extinguished the blaze.

Part of the building was destroyed and other significant damage was caused as a result.

Nobody was injured and no arrests have been made, but an investigation surrounding the cause of the fire is ongoing.

Sergeant Emma Hilson from the neighbourhood policing team said: "The loss of part of the school and the preschool is naturally devastating for the Duxford community and the surrounding area.

"We have been working closely with the school, Duxford community and the fire service to build a picture of the events of Friday evening and investigations are continuing.

"We are very aware of numerous rumours that are circulating within the community at present. We would politely ask people not to speculate on the cause of the fire, but to direct any information to us through our normal reporting channels.

"We would like to urge parents to ensure their children remain away from the site and do not trespass onto the property. The building structure has not been fully assessed and the site is closed for safety reasons. The community will see an increased police presence as a result of this.

"This is a devastating loss to the community especially for the children and teachers. Our thoughts go out to anyone that may have been affected and we will continue working alongside the school and the local authority to support them as they move closer to the new school year."

Anyone who saw any suspicious activity, or has any information, is urged to contact us via our web-chat<https://bit.ly/2D9KFKH> or by calling 101 quoting investigation number 35/51082/20.
