```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Covid-19 has changed where some people work and who with
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Modern slavery radio advertisement campaign launches
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/modern-slavery-radio-advertising-covid19-campaign
```

A radio advertising campaign begins this week in a bid to increase the amount of reports police receive about modern slavery.

The two weeks of ads began on Heart's Peterborough and Cambridge stations today (Monday, 8 June) and will continue to be played six times a day until Monday, 22 June.

The force's campaign shines a spotlight on the Coronavirus pandemic which has forced some people to change where they work, and who they work with.

These people could now consequently be part of a new group who could help the force's efforts to tackle modern slavery - a force priority.

Many things have changed due to Covid-19, but the ad enforces the message that slavery is still here, and the police need the public's help to fight it.

As part of the clip, people are reminded that modern slavery is often a hidden crime with the signs hard to spot - but trusting their instincts and reporting any concerns could save a life.

People are encouraged to seek more information and advice on the force's website - www.cambs.police.uk/modernslavery - which will also help them know how to spot the signs and report concerns.

The advertising follows social media posts put on the force's Facebook and Twitter pages last Thursday (4 June) which, as of Friday morning, had been seen by 25,000 people.

 Detective Superintendent Becky Tipping said: "Radio advertising is just one of the communication methods we are using to try and target those who could now help us tackle modern slavery when they could not do so previously.

"The Covid-19 pandemic means that we may now have eyes and ears in places we wouldn't have even expected - and we need those people to speak up if something doesn't feel quite right.

"With modern slavery being a hidden crime, tackling it can be challenging and that's why we are doing all we can to reach out to people who may be able to help us as a result of their circumstances changing.

"People can help by knowing what the signs of modern slavery are and when someone may be being exploited.

"Just a few are listed below, but there is also lots more helpful information on the force's modern slavery web page."

To report slavery concerns, call us on 101 or 999 if someone is in immediate danger. You can also report concerns online at www.cambs.police.uk/report

### _Spotting the signs of modern slavery_

Warning signs include people:

 * not being able to come and go as they wish
 * being under 18 and providing commercial sex acts
 * working in the commercial sex industry with a pimp/manager
 * being unpaid or paid very little
 * working excessively long or unusual hours
 * not being allowed breaks or suffers restrictions at work
 * owing a large debt and being unable to pay it off
 * being recruited through false promises
 * having high security measures at their place of work and/or living locations e.g. opaque windows

### _Modern slavery effects on mental health and behaviours_

Poor mental health or abnormal behaviour is another sign of modern slavery. This can include people:

 * being fearful, anxious, depressed, submissive, tense, nervous or paranoid
 * avoiding eye contact
 * lacking health care
 * appearing malnourished
 * showing signs of physical or sexual abuse, physical restraint or torture
 * having few or no personal possessions
 * not being in control of their own money, bank account or ID documents, e.g. passport or ID
 * not being able to speak for themselves
 * not wanting to explain where they are living
 * having a lack of knowledge of where they are
 * having no sense of time
 * having inconsistencies in their story

### _Modern slavery sexual abuse_

Signs of sexual abuse is another factor to look out for. This can include people:

 * being underage and taking part in inappropriate or risky behaviour
 * having older boyfriends or girlfriends
 * receiving unexplained and expensive gifts like mobile phones and clothes
 * having multiple mobile phones and worrying about losing contact via mobile
 * changing the way they dress
 * going to hotels or other unusual locations to meet friends
 * getting in/out of different cars driven by unknown people
 * being involved in abusive relationships and intimidated and fearful of certain people or situations
 * not going to school and getting involved with crime, drugs or alcohol abuse
 * having mood swings
