```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The work of neighbourhood policing officers who were responding to community concerns around drug dealing has put a class A drug dealer in prison.
publish:
  date: 10 Mar 2021
title: Neighbourhood policing team land class A drug dealer in jail
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jason-Barnfather-sentencing-March21
```

The work of neighbourhood policing officers who were responding to community concerns around drug dealing has put a class A drug dealer in prison.

Some of the team were on plain-clothed patrols in the Oundle Road area of Peterborough on 6 November 2019 when they came across a suspected drug deal.

A vehicle was placed under observation and traced to the Shell fuel station in Whittlesey Road, Stanground, where other members of the team spotted a knuckleduster in the vehicle's centre console.

The driver, 22-year-old Jason Barnfather, who was at the night-serve window, was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.

Upon searching him, £542 in cash was found in his coat pocket, along with a plastic pot containing 34 wraps of class A drugs.

Barnfather, of Pemberton Terrace in Holloway, London, was further arrested and later charged with possession with intent to supply heroin and crack cocaine, which he admitted in court last month (February).

On Friday (5 March), he appeared at Cambridge Crown Court where he was sentenced to three years in prison, plus an additional two weeks for breaching bail conditions.

Neighbourhood Policing Inspector, Karl Secker, said: "Responding and listening to the concerns of our communities is a key part of neighbourhood policing. As shown in this instance, information which came from our residents initiated the plain-clothed patrols which ultimately led to the arrest and conviction of a class A drug dealer.

"My teams focus their efforts on a wide range of issues, all of which are of importance to our communities, therefore I would encourage people to continue to report their concerns to us so we can dedicate our time to the things which matter most."

Anyone with information about drug dealing can report it via our dedicated information page on our website.

Concerns about any other crime can also be reported online or through our webchat function.
