```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for information following a robbery on a vulnerable man in Peterborough on Sunday morning (25 October).
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2020
title: Appeal following knife-point robbery in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-following-knife-point-robbery-in-peterborough
```

Officers are appealing for information following a robbery on a vulnerable man in Peterborough on Sunday morning (25 October).

The victim, a man in his 20s, was walking through the underpass subway towards the cemetery in St John's Road, Fletton, when he was approached by three men.

The men pinned the victim up against the wall of the underpass whilst brandishing a knife and demanded the victim hand over his phone and money.

The offenders robbed the victim of his iPhone and wallet containing bank cards and ran away back in the opposite direction, heading towards Stanground.

The victim has described the first offender as mixed-race with black plaited hair, wearing a peach tracksuit with a gold chain, about 30-years-old and of a slim build. The second offender is described as mixed-race with a distinctive skull tattoo on his neck, medium build and wearing a brown jacket. The third offender, also mixed-race, is described to have an eye defect where his eye flickers back and forth on its own and is of a muscular build.

DS Shish Thind said: "This was an aggressive and random attack where the victim was terrified and feared for his life.

"We are carrying out a number of enquiries to identify the people responsible and are keen to hear from anyone who has information about the incident or who recognises the descriptions of the offenders."

If you believe you saw anything, please contact us via our web-chat, on 101 quoting crime reference number 35/72701/20 or by visiting our report online pages. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via Crimestoppers-uk.org (opens in a new window)

If you know someone who carries a knife you can report knife and gun crime online.
