```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The campaign urges people to report slavery or exploitation concerns
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Slavery billboard campaign launches
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/slavery-billboard-campaign-cambs
```

A billboard advertising campaign has been launched in a further bid to urge people to report slavery or exploitation concerns to police.

The billboard is located in Fenstanton on the old stretch of the A14 to Cambridge, and features a simple design intended to be read in a quick glance by passing motorists.

This type of advertising is designed to target drivers as more people return to work, and in light of a change in Covid-19 restrictions allowing people to travel more freely.

The billboard campaign began on Monday (6 July) and runs until 3 August. It also follows a two-week radio advertising campaign on Heart Radio with the same objective.

Detective Superintendent Becky Tipping said: "Billboard advertising is another of the communication methods we are using to try and target those who could now help us tackle modern slavery when they couldn't do so before.

"We need people to speak up if something doesn't feel quite right and we hope this simple message plays on people's minds and encourages them to report their concerns to us, no matter how small or insignificant they may seem.

"That one extra report could save a life. People don't need to be sure that modern slavery is taking place or fully understand the types and definitions to report their suspicions.

"With modern slavery being a hidden crime, tackling it can be challenging and that's why we are doing all we can to reach out to people who may be able to help us as a result of their circumstances changing.

"Just a few of the signs to spot are listed below but there's a wide range of extra information on the force's modern slavery web page."

The force's modern slavery campaign activity over recent months shines a spotlight on the Coronavirus pandemic which has forced some people to change where they work, and who they work with.

These people could now consequently be part of a new group who could help the force's efforts to tackle modern slavery - a force priority.

Many things have changed due to Covid-19, but the campaign work enforces the message that slavery is still here, and the police need the public's help to fight it.

### **Spotting the signs of modern slavery**

Warning signs include people:

 * not being able to come and go as they wish
 * being under 18 and providing commercial sex acts
 * working in the commercial sex industry and has a pimp/manager
 * being unpaid or paid very little
 * working excessively long or unusual hours
 * not being allowed breaks or suffers restrictions at work
 * owing a large debt and is unable to pay it off
 * being recruited through false promises
 * having high security measures at their place of work and/or living locations e.g. opaque windows

### Modern slavery effects on mental health and behaviours

Poor mental health or abnormal behaviour is another sign of modern slavery. This can include people:

 * being fearful, anxious, depressed, submissive, tense, nervous or paranoid
 * avoiding eye contact
 * lacking health care
 * appearing malnourished
 * showing signs of physical or sexual abuse, physical restraint or torture
 * having few or no personal possessions
 * not being in control of their own money, bank account or identification documents e.g. passport or ID
 * not being to speak for themselves
 * not wanting to explain where they are living
 * having a lack of knowledge of where they are
 * having no sense of time
 * having inconsistencies in their story

### Modern slavery sexual abuse

Signs of sexual abuse is another factor to look out for;

 * being underage and taking part in inappropriate or risky behaviour
 * having older boyfriends or girlfriends
 * receiving unexplained and expensive gifts like mobile phones and clothes
 * multiple mobile phones and worrying about losing contact via mobile
 * changes in the way they dress
 * going to hotels or other unusual locations to meet friends
 * getting in/out of different cars driven by unknown people
 * being involved in abusive relationships and intimidated and fearful of certain people or situations
 * not going to school and getting involved with crime, drugs or alcohol abuse
 * having mood swings
