```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who crashed his car into a house near Peterborough causing \xA317,000 worth of damage has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 17 Aug 2020
title: Jail for man who crashed into house
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-man-who-crashedinto-house-1
```

A man who crashed his car into a house near Peterborough causing £17,000 worth of damage has been jailed.

Dean Wright, 32, was driving a Peugeot 206 in Eye on 5 June last year when the incident occurred.

According to eye witnesses he had been driving recklessly and above the speed limit prior to losing control and crashing the car through the front wall of a house in Deerhurst Way.

The occupants of the house were both sitting in the front room at the time of the impact, with one of them on the sofa exactly where the car crashed through the wall.

She was catapulted across the room along with bricks and other debris. Fortunately, no one was seriously injured and Wright was arrested at the scene.

Wright, of Wye Place, Paston, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and criminal damage and was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (17 August).

He was jailed for 13 months, disqualified from driving for nine and half years and ordered to pay £140.

PC Oliver Gregory said: "Wright had been driving recklessly and it is a minor miracle he wasn't facing charges of causing death by dangerous driving.

"Hopefully his time in prison and the lengthy driving ban will give him time to reflect on how much worse this could have been."

For information on road safety, visit the force website: www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Road-safety/Speeding
