```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A registered sex offender who deleted his internet history and breached a court order has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019
title: Registered sex offender deleted internet history
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/registered-sex-offender-deleted-internet-history
```

A registered sex offender who deleted his internet history and breached a court order has been jailed.

Geoffrey Dixon, 58, was visited by officers from the Public Protection Unit (PPU) on 16 October after concerns from a member of the public about his behaviour.

During the visit to Dixon's home officers discovered he had ordered a laptop and not notified the police - a direct breach of his Sexual Offences Prevention Order (SOPO).

Further investigation found he had also deleted messages on WhatsApp and was in possession of a bank card which he had not registered, another breach of his SOPO.

Dixon, of Birchwood, Orton Goldhay, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to breaching his SOPO and failing to comply with his notification requirements.

He was sentenced today (22 November) at Peterborough Crown Court to 16 months in prison.

DC Stuart Cooper said: "These were blatant breaches and he showed a complete disregard for the order placed on him by the courts."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through _Clare's Law_ and _Sarah's Law_.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found _on the force website_.
