```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A sex offender who failed to comply with a court order has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 4 May 2020
title: Sex offender jailed for breaching order
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sex-offender-jailed-for-breaching-order-4
```

A sex offender who failed to comply with a court order has been jailed.

Max Walker, 30, did not notify police about a change in address or getting a new bank card, which were part of his requirements to comply with the Sex Offenders Register.

On 3 December officers attended Walker's home in Allport Close, Peterborough, as part of a routine visit.

There was no answer and it was clear all the property inside the address had been removed.

House to house enquiries in the street established Walker hadn't been seen in the area for a couple of weeks.

On 27 January, when officers managed to get hold of Walker on the phone, he admitted to having moved to Sheffield with his family.

Officers told Walker that he must attend his closest police station in the next 24 hours to register his new address.

However, by 5 February Walker still hadn't notified police, so officers attended his address in Sheffield and arrested him.

Whilst they were at the property, officers found a bank card that has been issued in Walker's name in January which he had failed to notify police of.

Walker, of Stirling Way, Sheffield, was charged and pleaded guilty to three counts of failure to comply with notification requirements of the Sex Offenders Register.

He was sentenced to four months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court on Wednesday (29 April).

PC Lorraine Smart said: "Walker was well aware of the requirements placed upon him as part of the Sex Offenders Register, but he chose to outright ignore them on more than one occasion.

"I hope his time in prison gives him an opportunity to reflect and shows our continued efforts to ensure requirements are complied with."
