```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Police are asking for the public\u2019s help in targeting motorists who drive under the influence of drink and drugs."
publish:
  date: 3 Oct 2018
title: Appeal for public to report drink and drug drivers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/appeal-report-drink-drug-drivers
```

Police are asking for the public's help in targeting motorists who drive under the influence of drink and drugs.

People are being urged to help catch those under the influence by using the confidential reporting line - 0800 032 0845, which is available 24/7, or report online.

Sergeant Ian Manley, casualty reduction officer in the BCH Road Policing Unit, said: "People may be reading this and have concerns about someone they know who may be drink driving, or notice someone who regularly drives their vehicle home from the pub despite having several drinks.

"We're asking people to help us make the roads a safer place for everyone and to report any drink or drug driving concerns on our confidential reporting line.

"Unfortunately, there are still people who think it is acceptable to drive under the influence of drink or drugs.

"While doing this, they risk not only their own lives but also those of any passengers and other road users.

"We will often pull over a driver who, despite being over the legal limit, believed they were still fit for driving. However this is never the case alcohol or drugs will always affect your driving for the worse.

"Although it may give a feeling of overconfidence, the truth is your reactions are slower and you are a danger on the roads."

Between July 2017 and May this year, 787 people were arrested in Cambridgeshire on suspicion of driving under the influence of drink and drugs.

The penalties for drug driving are the same as those for drink driving. If convicted, motorists could lose their licence, be fined up to £5,000 and even face a prison sentence.

In 2015, the law relating to driving under the influence of drugs was changed to make it easier to prosecute those exceeding set limits, and the introduction of roadside test kits has helped officers identify people driving under the influence of drugs.

The legislation covers some prescribed drugs as well as illegal substances.

For more information on drink and drug driving, visit the force's road safety pages.
