```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A prolific thief has been jailed after being linked to six incidents in just three days.
publish:
  date: 9 Jun 2020
title: Prolific Peterborough thief locked up
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prolific-peterborough-thief-locked-up
```

A prolific thief has been jailed after being linked to six incidents in just three days.

Luke Edwards, 31, began his stealing spree on 6 March when he entered a branch of Spar in Welland Road, Peterborough.

He was seen by a member of the public putting items into his pockets as well as filling his basket.

When he was challenged Edwards made a run for the door, dropping the basket but leaving with the stolen items, the whole incident was captured on CCTV.

Half an hour later Edwards jumped over a fence and entered a property in Furze Ride, where he stole a woman's purse containing bank cards. He was again caught on CCTV.

Two days later Edwards tried to climb over several garden fences in Redmile Walk. When a resident challenged him, he fled. The owner found his shed had been broken into, but nothing had been taken.

Later that day he was seen in Eye Road attempting to enter a property, but it is believed he was spooked when he looked through the windows and saw the occupants inside. Also on Eye Road he tried to gain access to a campervan, but the owners chased him away. When they returned they found he had smashed a window and unsuccessfully attempted to open the door.

The next day just after 7am Edwards entered Sainsbury's in Oxney Road. He selected various bottles of alcohol and a 32" television, before leaving the store without paying.

Police then received a call just after 9am that a property in The Glen had been burgled with the victim's laptop, phone, purse, handbag and blue Ford Fiesta being stolen.

Just a few minutes later police received a report that a blue Ford Fiesta had crashed through a fence into a garden in Tilton Court and three men had run from the scene.

When officers attended they saw Edwards trying to escape out of the window of a nearby block of flats.

He was arrested along with Karl Jones, 29, and Nadeem Attwell, 31, who were found inside the flat along with all of the stolen items from victim's home in The Glen.

In interview Jones denied any involvement in the burglary. Following his account in interview, CCTV was found of him using the stolen bank cards at the Premier Shop in Reeves Way, shortly before they were arrested.

Edwards, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary, four counts of theft, one count of attempted burglary and one count of attempted theft.

On Wednesday (3 June) at Peterborough Crown Court he was jailed for three years and six months.

Attwell, of High Street, Fletton, pleaded guilty to aggravated vehicle taking and handling stolen goods. He was jailed for four months.

Jones, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods, fraud by false representation and breach of a suspended sentence. He was jailed for five months.

DC Natalie Hines said: "This was a massive effort by the whole of the northern burglary team and we worked long hours to secure charges for Edwards, and his accomplices, so it is great to see these good sentences after all the hard work.

"Tackling burglary is a force priority and we will continue to do everything in our power to put offenders before the courts."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary

Anyone with information about burglary should call police on 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
