```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who died after he was stabbed outside a pub in Cambourne at the weekend has been named.
publish:
  date: 31 Oct 2017
title: Victim of stabbing named
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stab-victim-named
```

A man who died after he was stabbed outside a pub in Cambourne at the weekend has been named.

Officers were called at about 12.35am on Saturday (28 October) with reports of violence in Monkfield Lane and on arrival found two people had been stabbed.

Sadly, Chris West, 30, from Cambourne, was pronounced dead at the scene. A post mortem which was carried out yesterday (30 October) by Dr Fitzpatrick-Swallow revealed Mr West died as a result of a stab wound to the heart.

The other victim, a 26-year-old man, was initially taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge with life threatening injuries. He was later transferred to Papworth Hospital and is expected to be discharged in the next couple of days.

In a statement, Mr West's family said: "Anyone who knew Chris knows exactly what should be written here.

"No amount of words would ever describe the loss of such a big and unique personality, whose immeasurable love for his wife, family and friends leaves us all with the most treasured memories.

"As difficult as this tragic time is we would like to thank everyone for their kinds words and support, and also ask for privacy through this difficult time."

Kai Nazir, 19, of The Crescent, St Neots appeared at Peterborough Magistrates Court yesterday (30 October) charged with murder and grievous bodily harm with intent.

He has been remanded and will appear at Cambridge Crown Court this morning (31 October).

Victim: Chris West
