```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who repeatedly broke restraining and non-molestation orders which banned him from contacting his neighbour and brother has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 8 Jun 2020
title: Man jailed for breaching restraining and non-molestation orders
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-breaching-restraining-and-non-molestation-orders
```

A man who repeatedly broke restraining and non-molestation orders which banned him from contacting his neighbour and brother has been jailed.

Wasim Khan, 27, was previously issued a restraining order which stipulated that he could not directly or indirectly contact his neighbour in Dunsberry, Peterborough.

He was also handed a non-molestation order requiring he did not attend his brother's address in Gladstone Street, Peterborough.

On 25 December Khan broke the restraining order by walking onto the neighbour's driveway and shouting verbal abuse outside the house. He again flouted the order by shouting at the victim in the street in Wedgewood Way on 6 February.

On a separate occasion, Khan broke his non-molestation order by visiting his brother's home in the early hours of 1 January. The victim was asleep when he was woken up by Khan shouting outside the property and attempting to enter.

Police were alerted, but Khan has fled the scene before officers arrived.

Khan, of Dunsberry, Bretton, was arrested by officers on 7 February following reports of him shouting in the street, causing a disturbance to other residents.

He later admitted to two counts of breaching a restraining order, one count of breaching a non-molestation order and one count of a breach of Section 5 of the Public Order Act.

On Friday (5 June) at Peterborough Crown Court he was given a seven-year restraining order in addition to the 51-week prison sentence handed to him Cambridge Crown Court on Wednesday, 27 May.

Sergeant Richard Ellison said: "Khan showed total disregard for the orders and flouted the restrictions imposed upon him on multiple occasions.

"His actions caused disruption to the victims' lives despite being fully aware that he was not authorised to be in contact with them.

"We take all matters of anti-social behaviour seriously and the sentence demonstrates how seriously the courts have also taken this matter."
