```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who hurled racial abuse at a police officer while in custody in Peterborough has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 6 Nov 2020
title: Jail for man who racially abused police officer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-man-who-racially-abused-police-officer-2020
```

A man who hurled racial abuse at a police officer while in custody in Peterborough has been jailed.

Mohammed Ali, 37, was arrested by officers on 18 September after breaching a restraining order that forbade him from entering an address in Cambridge Avenue, Peterborough.

While in custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station, Ali repeatedly hurled racial abuse at an officer and was further arrested for racially aggravated public order.

Ali, of All Saints Road, Peterborough, initially denied all charges in a written statement, but later pleaded guilty to breach of a restraining order, racially aggravated public order and threatening behaviour.

He was sentenced to eight weeks in prison and ordered to pay £250 compensation at Peterborough Magistrates' Court yesterday (5 November).

PC Igor Simonov, who investigated, said: "Sadly, this is an all-too-common occurrence for officers, who have to endure a barrage of abuse, including racially aggravated abuse, on a daily basis when simply trying to do their job.

"I am glad justice has been done today and I hope this will serve as a reminder to people that we take incidents of abuse very seriously."

Hate crime is a priority area for the force and abuse will not be tolerated.

Anyone who has been a victim of a hate crime and been targeted because of their age, race, religion, gender, ethnicity, sexuality, disability or otherwise is urged to come forward and report it to police either via 101 or through our web chat function.

For advice and support, visit https://bit.ly/2IeSG3a
