```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A 17-year-old boy was stabbed and was taken to hospital
publish:
  date: 18 Mar 2019
title: Two arrests made after Cambridge stabbing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/two-arrests-cambridge-orchard-park-stabbing
```

Police have made two arrests after a teenager was injured in a stabbing in Cambridge last week.

Officers were called at 8.39pm on Thursday (14 March) with reports of violence between a group of youths in Chieftain Way, Orchard Park.

A 17-year-old boy was stabbed and was taken to hospital, where he remains in a stable condition.

Two other teenage boys were injured in the assault and were also taken to hospital, but were not believed to be seriously injured.

A Section 60 order under the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 was authorised in the area, giving officers more powers to search people.

Police patrols were increased in the area over the weekend, and will continue into this week.

A 23-year-old man from Cambridge was arrested yesterday afternoon (17 March) on suspicion of committing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent and possessing a class B drug with intent to supply.

A 14-year-old boy from Cambridge was arrested this morning on suspicion of committing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent.

Both have now been released on police bail until 9 April.

Detective Inspector Dave Savill said: "I am confident this is an isolated incident and information suggests it stemmed from a disagreement between the two groups of people involved.

"There is no evidence to suggest that this was a random attack.

"We understand the concern of residents and patrols of the area were increased over the weekend in order to reassure the public. Those patrols will continue into this week.

"I am grateful to the witnesses who have come forward at this stage; the information provided to us has advanced the investigation.

"However I am keen to speak to any other residents who may have witnessed the incident or aftermath. Any information, no matter how small, will help us piece together what happened."

Anyone with information about the incident should contact police by calling 101, quoting incident 510 of 14 March, or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report.

Alternatively, they can report it anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or visiting https://www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
