```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order will be put in place in Wisbech in a bid to reduce anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 22 Oct 2018
title: Dispersal order to be issued in Wisbech
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Wisbech-dispersal-order-October2018
```

A dispersal order will be put in place in Wisbech in a bid to reduce anti-social behaviour.

The measure has been taken by the local policing team in response to recent incidents of anti-social behaviour.

The order, which enables police to move people on from an area where they suspect their behaviour is anti-social, will be in place initially between the hours of 6pm and 11.30pm tomorrow (Tuesday, 23 October), Thursday (25 October) and Friday (26 October).

The authority covers the area encompassed by Hill Street, Little Church Street, Church Terrace, St Peter and St Pauls Church Gardens to Love Lane, Alexandra Road and the B198.

Area encompassed by the order

The order has been granted under Section 34 of the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, and allows for Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs) and police officers to direct a person to leave the area specified within the order if they have reasonable grounds to suspect that their behaviour has caused, or is likely to cause, harassment, alarm or distress to members of the public. Failure to comply with the order can result in arrest.

Inspector Ian Lombardo, from the Fenland Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: "Unfortunately last week saw a group of young people causing anti-social behaviour at the Castle in Wisbech and in the surrounding area.

"This week the Castle is putting on events for the local community to enjoy and I want to make sure that people are encouraged to attend these events and that the public has confidence that anyone who addends with the intention of causing anti-social behaviour will be dealt with quickly and robustly.

"To that effect I have put a dispersal authority in place and have assigned staff specifically to the area during the time of the events. A lot of hard work has been put in by local volunteers and my team will make sure that their hard work is supported."
