```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Neil Smith breached his restraining order before assaulting two police officers and a doctor
publish:
  date: 14 Mar 2019
title: Man sentenced after assaulting police and his doctor
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/neil-smith-peterborough-restraining-order-sentencing
```

A man breached his restraining order before assaulting two police officers and a doctor, a court heard.

Neil Smith, of Redmile Walk in Peterborough, turned up at his ex-partner's address on 17 June last year (2018) despite a restraining order prohibiting him from doing so.

The 41 year old began shouting abuse outside the house and throwing items at the property, breaking a window and glass in a door.

Police were called and Smith was tasered before being arrested.

Smith was taken to hospital where he kicked his doctor, spat at one police officer and kicked another officer.

He previously pleaded guilty to breaching his restraining order, damaging property, two charges of assaulting a constable and assault by beating.

Smith was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (March 8) where he was handed a two year prison sentence, suspended for two years.

He was made the subject of a new restraining order, to run indefinitely, preventing him from contacting his ex-partner or going to her address.

Sergeant Hayley Carter, who investigated, said: "This was a nasty incident and Smith's ex-partner was left understandably very frightened by his actions.

"Assaults on doctors, or our officers who are simply doing their job, are completely unacceptable.

"The suspended sentence handed down by the judge means that if Smith chooses to reoffend he is likely to go straight to prison for his crimes, as well as serving any additional sentence for new offences.

"The indefinite restraining order shows how seriously the courts take offences such as these and I hope Smith's ex-partner is now able to move on from this traumatic incident."

More of the latest news, witness appeals and court reports are available on the news and appeals page.
