```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following two distraction burglaries in Chatteris yesterday evening (28 November).
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2017
title: Appeal following burglaries in Chatteris
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-burglaries-Chatteris
```

Police are appealing for information following two distraction burglaries in Chatteris yesterday evening (28 November).

Between 7.30pm and 8pm two men entered properties in Wimpole Street and Whaleys Yard. While the victims, both men in their 80s, were distracted cash and bank cards were stolen.

One of the victims received minor injuries as a result of the incident. The men are described as roughly 6ft, wearing dark clothing and with their faces covered.

Officers investigating these two incidents are linking them to a third that occurred at 5.15pm in Christchurch on Monday (27 November). This again involved an elderly victim, a man in his 90s, and cash was stolen.

Extra patrols will be taking place in the local area this evening as a result of the incidents.

Detective Sergeant Mark Plitsch said: "These were despicable crimes and I'd urge anyone with information or who saw suspicious activity in the area to contact us as a matter of urgency.

"If you have elderly friends or relatives please talk to them about this type of burglary and make sure they are aware of crime prevention advice to secure their home."

To reduce the risk of becoming the victim of a distraction burglar, always remember:

LOCK - Is your back door locked? If not, lock it before you answer the front door as distraction burglars often work in pairs - one distracts, while the other steals

STOP \- Are you expecting anybody?

CHAIN \- Put this on before you open the door. If you have not got one, it is a worthwhile investment. It will give you that extra 'safe space' and barrier between you and the caller and then,

CHECK \- Ask for their identification card, take it and look at it carefully. Close the door and check the number in the phone book - not the number on the card. If they are genuine they will not mind waiting or coming back another day.

Anyone with information regarding these incidents should call police on 101 quoting CF0690391117 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
