```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: More than 200 primary school children have been learning about fire, road, water and cyber safety in Ramsey.
publish:
  date: 18 Nov 2019
title: Youngsters attend safety zone event
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ramsey-safety-zone-19
```

More than 200 primary school children have been learning about fire, road, water and cyber safety in Ramsey.

Youngsters from six local primary schools visited Ramsey Fire Station over three days (12-14th November) to learn about the importance of staying safe.

PCSOs Vicki Docking and Phil Davis delivered messages around cyber safety while representatives from Trading Standards, Cambridgeshire County Council and Wood Green spoke about substance misuse, road safety and staying safe around dogs.

Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue filled a room with cosmetic smoke to teach the nine and ten-year-olds how to evacuate safely and how to call for the emergency services.

They also spent some time teaching the children from about water safety and first aid including CPR.

The event was organised by PCSO Docking who arranged for pupils from Ashbeach, Bury, Holywell, Somersham and Warboys Primary Schools, Ramsey Juniors and Whitehall Independent School to attend.

PCSO Docking said: "The event is always a popular one with the schools. The children get to have some fun while taking home some serious messages that could potentially save a life."

Members of Ramsey Rotary Club helped out at the event while Tesco supported it with refreshments.
