```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A convicted paedophile has been sent back to jail after exposing himself to a woman in Wisbech.
publish:
  date: 24 Feb 2021
title: Convicted paedophile jailed for exposure
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/convicted-paedophile-jailed-for-exposure
```

A convicted paedophile has been sent back to jail after exposing himself to a woman in Wisbech.

Stuart Minns, 37, was placed on the Sex Offenders Register and handed a Sexual Harm Prevention Order following a string of child sexual abuse convictions in 2009 and 2019.

At about 9am on 2 December last year, Minns exposed himself to a woman who was sitting in a parked car in Sefton Avenue while her partner dropped their child at a nearby infant school.

It was reported that Minns continued to stare at the victim while she took a photograph of him.

Police were alerted and Minns was swiftly arrested that afternoon in Leverington.

In interview, Minns claimed he could not remember exposing himself but later pleaded guilty to exposure.

Minns, of Staithe Road, Wisbech, was sentenced to one year in prison, extended for a year on licence, at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (19 February).

**DC Greg Homer-Ward said:** "Minns is a prolific sex offender with eight previous convictions against his name.

"During this incident he randomly targeted a lone woman and made her feel incredibly uncomfortable for his own satisfaction.

"His behaviour was disturbing and I am pleased he has been brought to justice.

"I hope the sentence reflects how seriously this type of criminality is taken in Cambridgeshire."
