```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A pair of brothers caught growing a \xA3300,000 cannabis factory in Glatton have been jailed."
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2021
title: Prison for cannabis growing brothers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cannabis-brothers
```

A pair of brothers caught growing a £300,000 cannabis factory in Glatton have been jailed.

Cambridgeshire Constabulary's Rural Crime Action Team visited a property in Sawtry Road on 6 November after members of the public alerted officers about recent suspicious behaviour.

Diem, 39, and Tit Hoang, 55, of no fixed abode, were found inside with five rooms containing 360 cannabis plants of varying size with a potential street value of up to £300,000.

They pleaded guilty to production of cannabis. Diem was sentenced to 15 months in prison on 3 March and yesterday (10 March) Tit was sentenced to 16 months in prison.

Sergeant Craig Flavell from the team said: "This is another great example of the police and public working together to tackle drug crime. Officers found a sophisticated, commercial set up capable of producing significant amounts of cannabis but thanks to information received these drugs never made it to the streets and this pair are now in prison.

"We can't be everywhere and we rely on people in our communities being our yes and ears. If you suspect something isn't right, it more than likely isn't."

We would encourage people to look out for signs of illegal cannabis factories including blacked out windows and people coming and going at various times of the day.

If you suspect drug activity in your area, report it to us online https://bit.ly/3byytBH

The force's new 'Stay In, Speak Out' campaign encourages residents, who are staying at home because of the Coronavirus pandemic, to report any concerns or suspicious behaviour in their community. You can contact police via the force's online web chat function here: https://bit.ly/3rulxRB
