```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Sergeant urges others to volunteer
publish:
  date: 2 Oct 2018
title: Police cadet leader Alice commended
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-cadet-leader-alice
```

A police cadet leader who was commended for her dedication and leadership has urged others to get involved in the scheme.

Sergeant Alice Draper received a South Area Commander's Commendation "for her dedication, outstanding leadership and commitment to the South Cambs Cadets" last month.

Alice, 38, has been a police officer for 12 years and a cadet leader in Cambourne for two years.

She has volunteered her own time to set up and lead the South Cambs cadet troop and now runs an evening session every week with more than a dozen police cadets.

Alice said: "I was an army cadet when I was younger and I got a massive amount from that and it formed who I am. As an adult I wanted a way of giving back some of what I had gained.

"Being a cadet leader is a really great way to engage with young people in your community, meet other likeminded people and work as part of a team.

"It is also massively rewarding because you see the young people develop and grow in confidence, skills and abilities and you see how happy it makes them."

The citation for her commendation stated: "Young people in the age range of the cadets can be challenging but with her patience, compassion and outstanding commitment to leadership, Alice has built strong relationships with the cadets and their parents and this in turn has led the troop to have a stable membership of motivated, disciplined and extremely well-drilled cadets who are a credit to the constabulary whenever they are seen in public."

Under Alice and other cadet leaders, PC Andy Miller, PC Chris McIntosh and PC Lauren Kirkup, the Cambourne cadets have been involved in a whole range of activities, including Remembrance Sunday parades, crime reduction operations, and fundraising events.

She also arranged for the cadets to visit the Isle of Man in June to take part in the Cadets Challenge Competition.

The citation noted that without Alice's long-term and ongoing commitment the cadet troop would not have lasted.

Alice has been chosen to represent the force at the Cenotaph on Sunday 11 November in recognition of her services to the force.

 Cadet volunteers can offer as much time as they can afford.

For more information about becoming a cadet leader, email cadets@cambs.pnn.police.uk

Alice with cadets on Isle of Man
