```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives are urging the public not to get complacent with their home security despite a drastic drop in the number of residential burglaries.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Burglary warning despite drop in offences
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary-warning-despite-drop-in-offences
```

Detectives are urging the public not to get complacent with their home security despite a drastic drop in the number of residential burglaries.

The force received 1,451 reports of break-ins between October last year (2019) and March this year, a 15 per cent drop compared to the same period in 2018-2019 (1,711).

While the figure dropped a further 43 per cent between April and September this year (1,451 down to 825), detectives are warning the public not to get complacent as the nights start to draw in.

"While it's great news to see the number of residential burglaries falling it's important to take the national lockdown into account." said Detective Sergeant Ashley Ryan, of the force's southern burglary team.

"Most burglaries are a result of a thief spotting an opportunity and I'm urging the public to take some simple steps to reduce the likelihood of them becoming a victim.

"While we are working hard to target burglars and bring them to justice, seemingly empty homes, poor security and the cover of darkness is all the invitation a thief needs."

Typically, the force starts to see a rise in burglaries as the nights start to get longer with 1,320 being reported to police during April and September (2019), 23 per cent fewer than the six months previous (1,711) and 9 per cent lower than the following six months (1,451).

With the clocks set to go back on Sunday (25 October), police are offering advice on the steps people can take to deter burglars.

Simple things like installing good interior and exterior lighting, used together with timer switches or motion sensors, keeping valuables hidden and entry points secure are all ways to put off a burglar.

Other advice includes:

 * Closing your blinds or curtains at night, preventing people from looking into your home. If your children are home first from school encourage them to close curtains and blinds first.
 * Not leaving spare keys hidden outside - a burglar will always look for these first.
 * Marking your valuables - with your post code and house number - or garden and shed equipment with a spare can of paint or even nail varnish.
 * Not leaving car keys near the front door or anywhere easy to find.
 * Installing a driveway alarm
 * Installing a visible burglar alarm
 * Keeping ladders and tools stored away securely

Detective Sergeant Ryan added: "Tackling burglary is a priority for the force and while my team work tirelessly day-in-day-out, it's just as much about prevention than anything else.

"When someone breaks into your home it can often leave you feeling unsafe in the place you should feel safest.

"I'm urging the public not to rest on their laurels and to check their home security, it could save you a lot of time, stress and money."

Earlier this month the force launched the Safer Streets initiative, a six-month crime prevention and community engagement project aimed at reducing the number of burglaries in Cambridge.

For more burglary prevention advice, visit our website https://bit.ly/2TdNBdP
