```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A prison officer who received more than \xA33,000 to smuggle mobile phones to an inmate has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 13 Jan 2020
title: Prison officer smuggled phones for inmate
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prison-officer-smuggled-phones-for-inmate
```

A prison officer who received more than £3,000 to smuggle mobile phones to an inmate has been jailed.

Paulius Juska, 36, became friendly with a Lithuanian inmate at HMP Peterborough during the summer of 2017.

Juska, of Clipston Walk, Peterborough, said he "felt sorry" for the prisoner, who spoke little English. He would routinely bring him extra food and translate at appointments for him.

After a few weeks he made contact with the man's ex-partner Lijana Morkeliunaite, of Cromwell Road, Peterborough.

Morkeliunaite, 32, and Juska came to an agreement that he would smuggle mobile phones into the prison in exchange for money.

Intelligence was received that Juska was bringing items into prison with him, but nothing was found during initial searches. However, checks on his bank account uncovered evidence of the conspiracy.

Between 23 June 2017 and 21 September 2017 Juska received seventeen payments amounting to £3,275 from Morkeliunaite.

Juska and Morkeliunaite both pleaded guilty to conspiring to bring a prohibited item into prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (10 January).

Juska was jailed for a year and Morkeliunaite was given a 16-week prison sentence, suspended for two years, and 140 hours unpaid work.

DC Paul Twell said: "Juska was in financial difficulties and he thought he could use his position as a prison officer for personal gain.

"We will continue to work with the prison service to make sure that all officers maintain the highest standards."
