```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man has been told to \u201Cclean up his act\u201D after being jailed for stealing laundry detergent from a Peterborough store."
publish:
  date: 19 Aug 2020
title: Jail for serial robber
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-serial-robber
```

A man has been told to "clean up his act" after being jailed for stealing laundry detergent from a Peterborough store.

Jamie Boardman and Edward Murray, both 34, entered Nisa in Stanground on 14 October last year.

They began to fill a shopping basket with laundry detergent and then attempted to leave the store without paying.

An employee tried to stop them and, in the process, was injured when trying to take it the basket off Boardman, who threatened him before leaving the shop.

On 19 February Boardman visited the same store and this time filled his basket with meat products.

Staff, recognising him, attempted to stop his escape. A scuffle ensued with Boardman throwing punches and kicks at two employees, before launching a bottle at them and narrowly missing some children who were nearby.

Eventually Boardman threatened to stab them and he made his escape with the stolen meat.

He was arrested the following day and has since pleaded guilty to the two robberies. Murray also pleaded guilty to one count of robbery.

Boardman, of Tirrington, Bretton, was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (18 August).

Murray, of Ramsey Way, Stanground, was sentenced to an 18-month community order with six months drug rehabilitation and 25 days rehabilitation activity requirement.

DC Claire Lethbridge said: "Boardman has targeted this store again and again and I am pleased we have been able to put him behind bars.

"Hopefully once he is released he will have seen the error of his ways and cleaned up his act."
