```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who was found hiding behind a car and in possession of a crowbar has been jailed for 27 weeks.
publish:
  date: 26 May 2020
title: Hide-and-seek thief jailed for several months
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Matthew-Masters
```

A man who was found hiding behind a car and in possession of a crowbar has been jailed for 27 weeks.

Matthew Masters, 31, was arrested in Netherton in the early hours of 26 April after officers found him to be in possession of a crowbar, gloves and a torch.

Officers were on patrol in the area when they spotted a man acting suspiciously, upon seeing police he made off on a bicycle and attempted to hide.

Masters was found hiding behind an Audi in Hardwick Court, having pushed a rucksack under the car in an attempt to conceal it from officers.

He was arrested on suspicion of going equipped to steal after officers located the items in Masters' rucksack, along with a pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses.

Officers later found the sunglasses had been stolen from inside a vehicle in Hardwick Court the same night. Masters was further arrested for theft from a motor vehicle.

Today (Tuesday 26 May), Masters, of Benland, Bretton, admitted charges of going equipped to steal and theft from a motor vehicle at Cambridge Crown Court and was sentenced to 27 weeks in prison.

DC Adam Blake said: "Masters has a history of offending, hopefully with him spending the next few months in prison he will have chance to reassess his future and change his ways."

Information and advice about vehicle crime prevention can be found on the force website here www.cambs.police.uk/a-z/vehicle-security.
