```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: More than 5,000 crime prevention leaflets, 4,000 security products, 80 PCSOs, 40 officers, 20 cadets, 12 Specials and eight crime prevention officers resulted in one day of action.
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2018
title: Crime prevention day hailed a success
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Crime-prevention-day-success
```

More than 5,000 crime prevention leaflets, 4,000 security products, 80 PCSOs, 40 officers, 20 cadets, 12 Specials and eight crime prevention officers resulted in one day of action.

Operation Oculus, the force's biggest ever crime prevention day, recorded more than 1,000 positive actions, including almost 300 bikes being security marked, 300 sign-ups to immobilise.com, 50 sign-ups to eCops, and 25 shed surveys.

The day saw six teams, focused on particular crime types, encourage people to protect their homes and belongings with 24 hours of activities across the county.

They marked property, spoke to people about how to protect their belongings and reduce opportunist crime, and sold security products at cost price.

The day started at 7am with Team Bike and Team Bus out and about talking to commuters at railway and park and ride stations, offering crime prevention advice and free security marking.

Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite with Team Bike.

Team Van and Team Shed followed shortly after, spending the day offering advice, conducting security surveys and marking up property.

In the afternoon Team Student and Team Mobile visited various colleges and universities and spoke to students about crime prevention techniques. In the evening they visited pubs and bars and talked to people about protecting their personal belongings and themselves against drink spiking.

Business cards with the web address 'almoststolen.uk' on them were left on tables where belongings had been left unattended. The website was visited 48 times throughout the night.

The evening saw five crime prevention workshops take place across the county and the launch of a new partnership with Neighbourhood Watch, where 22 volunteers were trained to carry out home security surveys for burglary victims.

Team Van spent the day offering advice and marking up property.

From 10pm until 6am, officers patrolled crime hot spots across the county, checking vehicle and bike security and leaving advice for people whose vehicles and bikes were left vulnerable overnight. A dummy 'fixed penalty notice' offering security advice was placed on vulnerable vehicles.

Superintendent James Sutherland, who led the operation, said: "While we work tirelessly to attack criminality it is vital we use every opportunity we can to prevent it happening in the first place and our crime prevention day was a perfect example of that.

"In 24 hours we security marked several hundred items, tagged 750 bikes with lock advice, registered 326 people on Immobilise.com and 50 to eCops, carried out over 50 home and shed security surveys, delivered 100 van crime prevention kits, hosted five crime prevention workshops, brought the vulnerability of people's belongings to their attention and arrested a well-known, outstanding burglary suspect.

"Our hashtag CrimePreventionDay was picked up nationally and internationally with other police forces, charities and public sector organisations raising awareness of crime prevention.

"I'd like to thank the public for visiting us at our activities and events and hope they now feel more confident about their personal and home security."

Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite said "Both Deputy Commissioner Ray Bisby and I were delighted to support the many events going on around Cambridgeshire.

"It was a pleasure to see so many members of the community engaging with the constabulary."
