```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A Peterborough teenager has been jailed for 20 months after we found more than \xA312,000 worth of drugs in his possession."
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2020
title: Teenager jailed for class A drug supply in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Billy-Black
```

A Peterborough teenager has been jailed for 20 months after we found more than £12,000 worth of drugs in his possession.

Billy Black, 18, was arrested on 15 April after being linked to a burglary at Terry Wright Cycles in Mancetter Square the previous week.

Officers from our northern burglary team carried out a warrant in Orton Goldhay looking for the stolen bicycles, however they discovered about £9,230 worth of cocaine, heroin and cannabis inside the property.

As officers were searching the house they saw Black cycling towards them. On seeing the officers, he dropped the bike and ran away however he was detained after a short foot chase.

The bike was later identified as being one of the bikes stolen from Terry Wright Cycles on 9 April.

Black, of no fixed address, had been under investigation for possession with intent to supply cannabis after police found £3,400 worth of cannabis at his then home address in Orton Goldhay in February last year (2019).

On 24 April this year he was summonsed to court for the offence which he later admitted.

On Wednesday (15 July), he appeared at Peterborough Crown Court where he was sentenced to 20 months in prison for two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs - cocaine and heroin. He received no separate penalty for two charges of possession with intent to supply cannabis and possession of stolen property.

DS Shish Thind said: "We went looking for stolen property and instead we found a substantial amount of drugs which have now been removed from the streets of Peterborough."

On 24 June, a 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was made subject of a 12-month referral order after he admitted possession with intent to supply cocaine.

A referral order is the first community sentence given to most first-time young offenders, requiring them to attend a youth offender panel made up of two members of the local community and an advisor from a youth offending team, where they will agree a contract of certain commitments.

Information about drug dealing can be passed on to us online at https://bit.ly/2ZChZ5Q.
