```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A car thief who posed as a potential buyer has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2020
title: Car thief posed as potential buyer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/car-thief-posed-as-potential-buyer
```

A car thief who posed as a potential buyer has been jailed.

Daniel Holmes, 39, contacted a man on 28 August after seeing a Ford Fusion for sale on Facebook.

The pair agreed to meet in Hanbury, Orton Goldhay, later that day so Holmes could test drive the car.

They settled on a price and Holmes told the man to wait outside a block of flats while he got money from inside.

As the man stood waiting for him to return, Holmes ran out a rear exit and drove off in his car.

He was spotted driving the Ford by police on 1 September but managed to make off from officers before ditching the car in Stagsden.

On 3 September Holmes saw a Peugeot 206 for sale on Facebook and went to test drive the car.

After agreeing a price for the Peugeot, Holmes drove to a cash point with the owner in the passenger seat but as the man got out to swap seats with him, he sped off.

He was arrested later that day and in interview also admitted to buying a blue Volkswagen Polo he knew to be stolen for £40 in July.

Further investigations revealed Holmes was responsible for making off without payment after filling up the Polo with £25.38 worth of fuel at Co-Op petrol station in Paxton Road, Orton Goldhay, on 14 July.

Holmes, of no fixed abode, appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (2 October) after pleading guilty to two counts of taking a vehicle without consent, driving while disqualified, driving without insurance, handling stolen goods and making off without payment at an earlier hearing. He was sentenced to two years in prison.

DC Tom Hunt said: "Holmes repeatedly tricked and took advantage of trusting members of the public.

"He is a prolific thief who tried his best to evade justice but unfortunately for him we soon caught up with him."
