```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A registered sex offender has been jailed after using a library computer to access the internet.
publish:
  date: 24 Apr 2020
title: Registered sex offender used library computer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/registered-sex-offender-used-library-computer
```

A registered sex offender has been jailed after using a library computer to access the internet.

Stuart Merry, 40, was released from prison in December having been jailed for sex offences.

Since then he has been closely monitored by the Northern Public Protection Unit (PPU) which includes daily visits to his home, checking his phone and stringent checks on an electronic tag he wears.

Officers found that on 7 March, Merry attended Peterborough Central Library and accessed the internet via a computer. This represented a breach of his Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO).

In addition, on the same day Merry phoned another individual who is on the Sex Offenders Register which was also against the terms of his SHPO.

Finally, on arrest his phone was checked and the call had been deleted from the log which was another breach.

Merry, of London Road, pleaded guilty to three counts of breaching his SHPO at Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (22 April) and was sentenced to 14 months in prison.

Detective Sergeant Paul Stimpson said: "This sentence comes as a direct result of the relentless and robust actions of the PPU team who have worked tirelessly since Merry was released to ensure he was abiding by the rules of his SHPO."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found on the force website.
