```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Richard Prestage previously also kept the woman hostage
publish:
  date: 2 Sep 2020
title: Man jailed after "horrific" voicemail threats
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/richard-prestage-threats-to-kill-sentencing
```

A man who left his ex-partner a "horrific" three-minute voicemail with numerous threats to kill her has been jailed.

Richard Prestage, 43, of Rectory Road, Walthamstow, London, left the voicemail for the woman on the evening of 10 July.

She had previously moved to Cambridgeshire to safeguard herself and her family after Prestage kept them hostage in a house in London back in 2007.

He had strangled the woman with a dressing gown cord and police were only called due to their daughter's cries for help. For the 2007 incident Prestage was handed 20 weeks in prison, reduced to 12 weeks on appeal.

He left the threatening voicemail on the woman's landline phone last month after finding out her new phone number.

In the phone tirade Prestage suggested the woman's killing had already been arranged and goaded her to tell the police, adding "see if they can hide you." The recording also included threats to make the woman "into horsemeat" with Prestage telling her "I'm going to be your biggest mistake."

The voicemail prompted the woman to call the police and on 12 July, Prestage was arrested on suspicion of making threats to kill.

In police interview, Prestage claimed the woman was using police to "get at him" but admitted he had sent the voicemail.

He added that at the time of contacting the woman he was at "95% anger" and had either smoked cannabis or been drinking alcohol.

Prestage admitted making threats to kill his ex-partner and told officers he knew she would take them seriously and be scared as she knows what he's "capable of."

He appeared at Peterborough Magistrates' Court the day after his arrest (13 July) where he pleaded guilty to making threats to kill. His case was sent to Cambridge Crown Court for sentencing.

DC Alan Tregilgas, who investigated, said: "The voicemail left by Prestage was nothing short of horrific and I can only imagine the victim's terror upon picking up her landline phone and listening to it.

"Prestage terrified the victim with the threats he made and seemed to get pleasure from inciting fear.

"I would like to thank the woman for trusting us to bring Prestage to justice for his actions after already suffering a terrifying attack by him more than 10 years ago. I hope this encourages others who may be experiencing domestic abuse to come forward.

"Domestic abuse often hides behind closed doors, but I hope this case sends a clear message that we are here for victims and will do all we can to protect them."

At Cambridge Crown Court today (2 September), Prestage was handed 28 months in prison. He was also handed a restraining order, to run indefinitely, preventing him from having any contact with his ex-girlfriend.

Police strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact them on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support visit the force's dedicated web page on domestic abuse.
