```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three men who were caught thanks to a call from a member of the public have been sentenced after attempting to break into a house in Hampton Gardens.
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2020
title: Trio sentenced for Hampton Gardens burglary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Trio-sentenced-for-hampton-gardens-burglary
```

Three men who were caught thanks to a call from a member of the public have been sentenced after attempting to break into a house in Hampton Gardens.

Uncle and nephew, Joseph and John Lamb, were arrested on 21 May near the scene of the break-in at the new-build estate.

The witness called police after they saw what they thought to be a burglary in progress at about 8.40pm.

One man was seen to knock on the front door before peering through a window and signalling to two other men by giving them a thumbs up.

All three men then entered the garden at which point the witness called police on 999. Whilst on the phone, a loud smash was heard before one of the three men jumped the fence.

A few minutes later police arrived and arrested Joseph, 30, and John, 22, who attempted to run off from the scene.

The third man, Phillip Kelly, 36, was arrested in nearby Hampton Water after fleeing the scene.

DS Justin Parr, from the northern burglary team, said: "These three men had the audacity to break into a house in the middle of lockdown when most people were at home, in broad daylight.

"Thanks to the member of the public who was right to act on their suspicions and call 999, we managed to arrest the Lambs at the scene and Kelly nearby. This shows the importance of members of the public being the eyes and ears of our community - if you suspect something isn't right, it more than likely isn't."

The Lambs, both of Bank Avenue in Hampton Centre pleaded guilty to attempted burglary at an earlier hearing, Joseph Lamb also admitted possessing a blade in a public place.

Both were sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (10 August). John was sentenced to nine months in prison and Joseph Lamb was sentenced to one year and three months in prison.

Kelly, of Flag Fen Road, Eastfield, also pleaded guilty to attempted burglary at an earlier hearing and was sentenced to eight months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court today (10 August).

Anyone with information about suspicious activity is urged to report to police either online at www.cambs.police.uk/report or call 101. If a crime is in progress always call 999.

For information and advice on how to best protect your home from burglars visit www.cambs.police.uk/burglary.
