```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Disruption to be kept to minimum in city centre.
publish:
  date: 21 Oct 2017
title: Protests operation today in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Protests_operation_Peterborough
```

POLICE will run an operation in Peterborough today (21 October) during two protests in the city centre.

The operation will aim to facilitate peaceful protest while keeping disruption to a minimum.

The EDL (English Defence League) protest is now expected to start at about 2.30pm in London Road, near the ABAX Stadium. It will proceed over Town Bridge and past Bridge Street Police Station before congregating on Lower Bridge Street at Peterborough Magistrates' Court for about 3pm, finishing by about 4pm.

Temporary road closures may be implemented in London Road and on Town Bridge while the protest takes place.

A static counter protest by the Peterborough Trades Union Council (PTUC) will take place from about 12.30pm in a section of the Key Theatre car park. Other areas of the car park will remain open to the public.

Members of the public can follow live coverage of the policing operation via Twitter (@PboroCops).

Supt Andy Gipp said: "Together with our partners, we are now experienced at dealing with this type of event and similar protests were managed effectively in 2010 and 2014.

"These plans balance the concerns of local people and businesses in Peterborough, while responding to the requirements of the EDL and PTUC.

"It provides central locations for both protests while allowing the majority of businesses in the city to continue as usual.

"As public authorities, the constabulary and Peterborough City Council have a duty to support and facilitate people's right to peaceful protest."

Peterborough City Council Chief Executive Gillian Beasley said: "We are working closely with the police to make sure this demonstration causes the minimum disruption possible to Peterborough.

"The city has a strong community spirit and the best thing people can do to support that unity and cohesion in the run up to, during, and after the protest, is to go about their business as usual.

"The city centre will be open and I encourage people to visit as they would on any other Saturday."
