```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An inmate who assaulted and spat at prison officers during two violent outbursts has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 16 Apr 2020
title: Inmate attacked prison officers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/inmate-attacked-prison-officers
```

AN inmate who assaulted and spat at prison officers during two violent outbursts has been jailed.

Neil Dwayne, 30, was found by a prison officer loitering near the gates of another wing at HMP Peterborough at about 8.50am on 10 June.

When he was told to return to his wing by the guard, Dwayne refused and punched him to the side of the head whilst he was waiting for assistance from colleagues.

Dwayne was detained and placed within the segregation area of the prison.

The following day, Dwayne attended an adjudication hearing to discuss the assault and when he was ordered to remain in segregation, he punched another prison officer twice in the face causing a bloody nose.

When he was taken away by other guards, he spat in the face of a third officer.

Dwayne was charged and pleaded guilty to three counts of assault by beating of an emergency worker. He was sentenced to seven months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (16 April).

PC Adrian Anderson said: "Dwayne lashed out on multiple occasions, injuring prison guards who were simply doing their jobs.

"His violent actions were completely unacceptable and this type of behaviour will not be tolerated.

"Dwayne was due to be released in December last year. However, due to these unprovoked incidents, he will now serve additional time behind bars."
