```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The former director of two Peterborough-based clubs has avoided prison after being convicted of fraud.
publish:
  date: 21 Jun 2018
title: Fraudulent company director avoids jail
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Gemma-Beeny
```

The former director of two Peterborough-based clubs has avoided prison after being convicted of fraud.

Gemma Beeny, 35, of Croyland Road in Peterborough, was arrested in December last year (2017) after allegations were made that she was responsible for thousands of pounds going missing from the bank accounts of two clubs she was the director of - Peterborough Gymnastics Academy and Stanground Community Space CIC.

A colleague had noticed unusual activity in the gymnastics academy account and queried it with its bank who confirmed payments were not being made as they should have been.

Instead, the money was going into the same sort codes, which were later identified as Beeny's. More than £17,250 had been paid into her account between January 2016 and November 2017.

Beeny had also taken £9,800 from the Stanground Community Space CIC accounts and paid it into her own.

On Wednesday (20 June) she appeared at Peterborough Crown Court, having pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud by abuse of position last month, and was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for two years, for each offence.

She must also carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and complete a 25-day Rehabilitation Activity Requirement (RAR).

PC Rob Giffen said: "Beeny's actions have caused her colleagues a lot of distress, which they are still dealing with, I hope she will now reflect on her actions and the effect she has had on the people around her.

"Fraud is a serious matter which we will not tolerate in our communities."

A Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) hearing will be held on 5 September.
