```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers who assaulted two other men in St Ives have been jailed and further banned from the town for two years.
publish:
  date: 28 Sep 2018
title: Two teenagers jailed after 'nasty' attack
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-teenagers-huntingdon-st-ives
```

Two teenagers who assaulted two other men in St Ives have been jailed and further banned from the town for two years.

Shoaib Mohammed, 18, of Sallowbush Road, Huntingdon and Fezhan Bahadur, 19, of no fixed abode, climbed into the back of one victim's car as he was sitting in traffic in St Ives town centre at about 7pm on 19 April this year.

Both asked the victim to hand over his phone and drive to Old Ramsey Road, Peterborough Crown Court heard.

Fearing he would be hurt if he didn't do so, the victim drove to the location and was followed by another car associated with Mohammed and Bahadur.

When he reached the location, he was punched and slapped to the face by the two men before being pushed into a bush.

Mohammed then began driving the victim's car, but punctured one of the tyres so led the victim into a different vehicle - a Ford Focus.

The victim was repeatedly asked to contact two other men known to him and asked their whereabouts.

However, while driving around the two defendants spotted the cousin of the two men they were trying to trace and followed him to a house, where he met one of the pair they were looking for.

Mohammed and Bahadur, still with their first victim, then followed the cousin and other man to the One Leisure centre.

In the car park Mohammed slapped one of the men across the face and knocked his glasses off, which Bahadur then stamped on and broke.

The pair's first victim was then taken back to his car and asked to drive to Cost Cutter, before he was warned about telling anyone about his injuries.

At Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (25 September) Bahadur was sentenced for battery and criminal damage. He received four months in prison.

Mohammed was sentenced for two counts of battery and breaching a criminal behaviour order. He was sentenced to eight months in prison.

In addition, both Mohammed and Bahadur were given two-year restraining orders preventing them from contacting the victims in the case, associating with each other or going to St Ives.

DC Kellymarie Harman said: "This was a nasty attack on two men who must have felt very scared and threatened.

"These two defendants have caused significant problems in St Ives and Huntingdon in recent years and the prison sentences, together with the restraining orders, will be reassuring to many in the local community.

"I would like to thank a number of colleagues who contributed to the investigation over a number of days in Huntingdon."
