```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Police are re-appealing for the public\u2019s help in solving the disappearance of a woman in Ely 20 years ago."
publish:
  date: 20 Dec 2017
title: "Deborah Steel disappearance \u2013 20th anniversary"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Deborah-Steel-disappearance-20th-anniversary
```

Police are re-appealing for the public's help in solving the disappearance of a woman in Ely 20 years ago.

Deborah Steel, former landlady of the Royal Standard public house, was last seen at around 1am on 28 December, 1997.

At the time police exhausted every line of enquiry but did not find her.

In 2014 Virginia Secker, Deborah's half-sister, appealed for information about her disappearance after police re-opened the case.

As part of the investigation officers excavated areas inside and outside the Royal Standard and her home in Longfields.

Three men were arrested but released with no further action taken and detectives were still no closer to finding Deborah.

DCI Adam Gallop, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "I believe Deborah was murdered and I am convinced the answers to what happened to her lie in Ely. Somebody here knows what happened to her and can provide key information.

"I would like to speak to people who came forward before but maybe did not tell us everything they knew or people who have information about the case but didn't want to talk to police at the time.

"All information will be treated in confidence, and can be left anonymously.

"Deborah has not been seen for 20 years and her parents died without knowing what happened to her. The rest of her family deserve to know what took place."

Virginia, who is from Nottingham, said: "Debbie has been missing for 20 years and I still have no idea what happened to her.

"I knew the first few weeks after her disappearance that she was no longer of this world because I hadn't heard from her.

"It's very sad that our father went to his grave without laying Debbie to rest.

"Someone knows about her fate. Please, if you know anything, no matter how insignificant you think it is, please tell the police."

Anyone with information regarding Deborah's disappearance should call police on 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Deborah Steel
