```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who harassed his sister-in-law and repeatedly broke a restraining order which banned him from contacting her has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 23 Jun 2020
title: Man jailed for harassing sister-in-law
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-harassing-sister-in-law
```

A man who harassed his sister-in-law and repeatedly broke a restraining order which banned him from contacting her has been jailed.

Stephen Rodgers, 59, was previously issued with a restraining order which stipulated that he could not directly or indirectly contact the victim, a woman in her 50s.

However, at 3pm on 10 December, he harassed the victim inside the women's toilets at the Bretton Centre. He shouted at her and then stood waiting for her outside.

He followed the victim and sat with her on a nearby bench asking her private questions before starting to try and hit her.

Members of the public attempted to intervene, but Rodgers grabbed her and blocked her from getting away.

A member of the public alerted police and he was arrested at the scene.

Yet, just two days later, while on bail, he once again contacted the victim and turned up at her house in Peterborough at about 8pm.

He knocked on the woman's door and shouted at her, before they spoke for a moment. However, out of fear he would get caught again, Rodgers was scared away when he saw a car park close by. He said to the woman "I'll be back" before leaving.

Once again on 15 December at about midday, Rodgers returned to the victim's address. She ignored his knocks and waited 30 minutes until she thought he had gone before leaving the house to walk her dog.

However, just as the victim turned the corner, Rodgers was there waiting for her and again started to try and talk to her. She ignored him and turned back home.

Later that day, at about 5pm, when the victim went to the Bretton Centre to get cash out, Rodgers again began harassing her and telling her he hadn't eaten all day. In an attempt to get away, the victim gave him £20 and left the area.

Police were alerted and Rodgers, of no fixed abode, was arrested again later that day.

He admitted five counts of breaching a restraining order and was sentenced to 13 months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (18 June) but was released due to time served on remand. He was also handed an extended restraining order until further notice.

**DC Greg Trippett said** : "Rodgers showed complete disregard for the order imposed upon him and continued to harass the victim on several occasions.

"He has not stopped in his efforts to contact this woman and I hope his time behind bars gives him the opportunity to reflect on his actions.

"I hope this case shows that we will continue to do all that we can to safeguard victims."
