```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary is taking part in a national drive to reduce the number of firearms that are vulnerable to falling into criminal hands.
publish:
  date: 8 Nov 2017
title: Cambridgeshire joins national firearms surrender campaign
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambridgeshire-joins-national-firearms-surrender-campaign
```

The campaign will run between 13 November and 26 November, during which members of the public will be encouraged to surrender any firearms in their possession to the police.

Cambridgeshire remains one of the safest counties in the country and has little gun crime. However, this operation is being carried out in support of the national campaign, which along with other crime prevention initiatives, will contribute to making Cambridgeshire and neighbouring counties safer places in which to live.

The campaign in Cambridgeshire is mainly aimed at those who have firearms in their possession that are not licensed, either through inheritance, or that are otherwise unwanted.

If you have a firearm in your possession that you do not want contact the firearms surrender team on 101.

Specially trained officers will then arrange to come and collect the weapon, or advise you on how to apply for the required certificate. Alternatively you can arrange an appointment to bring the weapon to Huntingdon to surrender it during the amnesty.

Members of the public can surrender any firearms, anonymously if they wish, without fear of prosecution for firearms licensing offences, so if you have an unwanted firearm this is the time to get rid of it.

If you own a firearm and would like to discuss applying for a certificate to enable you to continue to own it legally, please call firearms surrender team on 101.

PCC quote: "Fortunately there is very little gun-related crime in Cambridgeshire, and this campaign will contribute to making the county safer and continue to keep this type of crime low. I am pleased Cambridgeshire is supporting this national campaign, and it is important to reduce the number of firearms in the country as a whole. This will help to make Cambridgeshire and neighbouring counties even safer, by reducing the number of guns held privately."

Detective Chief Superintendent Nathan Briant said: "There is very little gun crime in Cambridgeshire but as part of a coordinated national campaign to stop guns falling into the wrong hands, we are joining forces across the country to help people dispose of guns safely.

"We believe that there may be a people who have inherited or come into possession of unlicensed firearms and will be eager to get rid of them. Whatever the circumstances, the amnesty provides the opportunity to dispose of these unwanted firearms safely and with peace of mind."
