```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who punched his girlfriend in the face with a knuckleduster and forced her to stay at home when he was out has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2018
title: Jail for man that abused ex-partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-man-abused-expartner
```

A man who punched his girlfriend in the face with a knuckleduster and forced her to stay at home when he was out has been jailed.

Jordan Fowler, 25, of no fixed abode, was given a two-and-a-half year sentence on Friday (2 March) at Cambridge Crown Court after he pleaded guilty to causing actual bodily harm and engaging in a controlling relationship.

The court heard Fowler met his then-girlfriend on Facebook in May last year by using a fake name: Jordan Smith. They had only been together for four weeks when he became possessive and jealous.

He assaulted the victim on multiple occasions throughout the relationship, using knuckledusters to punch her and strangling her close to losing consciousness.

Fowler would force her to stay at home whilst he went out, padlocking doors and gates shut so she couldn't leave.

Detective Constable Keith Evans said: "I would like to commend the victim for the bravery she showed in coming forwards and working with us to bring Fowler to justice.

"Anyone who is going through a similar experience, please find the courage to tell someone. You don't have to come direct to police, but please know that we can help you; you don't have to live under someone else's control."

Jordan Fowler

**Breakdown of sentence (to be served consecutively):**

 * 18 months for assault occasioning actual bodily harm;
 * 12 months for engaging in a controlling relationship
