```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two drug dealers from London, who preyed on a drug user, using her home to sell drugs have been jailed.
publish:
  date: 12 Jul 2018
title: Jail for county lines drug dealers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/county-lines-fullerton-jefferson
```

Two drug dealers from London, who preyed on a drug user, using her home to sell drugs have been jailed.

Nicholas Fullerton, 21 and Harvey Jefferson, 20, were found in Clarkson Terrace, Cambridge on 4 January when officers forced entry to the victim's property.

Fullerton, of Forrest Road, Hackney, was parked close to the house with three mobile phones and more than £350.

Nicholas Fullerton

Jefferson, of Alvington Crescent, Hackney, was found inside the property. He was later searched and found to have more than £1900 worth of drugs.

Harvey Jefferson

Jefferson pleaded guilty in February to possession of cocaine with intent to supply, possession of cannabis and possession of criminal property.

Fullerton denied being in possession of cocaine and heroin with intent to supply and possession of criminal property and was found guilty at Cambridge Crown Court on 6 June following a two day trial.

On Friday (6 July), at Cambridge Crown Court, Fullerton was jailed for five years and Jefferson for three years.

PC Dan Scott said: "We will continue to do all we can to prevent vulnerable people from being exploited by county lines drug dealers operating in Cambridgeshire.

"I would like to encourage anyone who suspects drug dealing is taking place in their neighbourhood to report it to police."

If you have information concerning drug dealing you can report it to police by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, online or by calling 0800 555 111.
