```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers from Huntingdon have been sentenced to a year-and-a-half in a young offenders institute after admitting to the false imprisonment of a 16-year-old boy.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2017
title: Huntingdon teenagers jailed for false imprisonment
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Huntingdon-teenagers-jailed-for-false-imprisonment
```

Two teenagers from Huntingdon have been sentenced to a year-and-a-half in a young offenders institute after admitting to the false imprisonment of a 16-year-old boy.

Fezhan Bahadur, 18, of Sallowbush Road, and Haider Ali, 19, of Ambury Hill, were arrested on 11 June this year after police received reports of a kidnap in Huntingdon.

They saw the victim walking close to the junction of Ambury Road and California Road when they called him over and forcibly walked him to a small Peugeot and made him get in, threatening him with violence.

Bahadur claimed the victim owed him money and, after driving him around and continuing with the threats, told him to make sure he had it by 7.30pm. At about 7.45pm Bahadur and Ali turned up at the victim's house, looking for him and payment, to be turned away by the victim's mother.

Following their arrest on 11 June, Bahadur was charged with kidnap, blackmail, driving without insurance and driving while disqualified. Ali was charged with kidnap, blackmail, driving without insurance and driving without a licence.

On Monday, 27 November, the pair appeared at Peterborough Crown Court and pleaded guilty to the driving offences. They also pleaded guilty to false imprisonment, which was accepted, and the charges of kidnap and blackmail were dropped.

The same day they were both sentenced to 18 months detention in a young offenders institution, disqualified from driving for one year and nine months, and had their driving licences endorsed with points.

In sentencing, Judge Hawkesworth said to Bahadur and Ali: "Bullying people to enforce debts is intolerable for the community. Time has come for you both to understand the gravity of the situation."

They have also been made subject of a five-year restraining order prohibiting them from contacting the victim directly or indirectly, including via social media or another person.

Detective Constable Martyn Pinyoun said: "These two have little regard to other members of their community and their behaviour was pure bullying. Hopefully this reassures the public that intimidation at any level is not tolerated and the sentence they received reflects this."

Fezhan Bahadur Haider Ali
