```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who armed himself with a wrench, led police on a pursuit and then assaulted his pregnant partner has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 21 Dec 2018
title: Jail for man following Peterborough rampage
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-Peterborough-rampage
```

A man who armed himself with a wrench, led police on a pursuit and then assaulted his pregnant partner has been jailed.

Wayne Garner, 28, was at a party in Osric Court, Peterborough, in the early hours of 4 November when he got into an argument with a group of people.

At about 4am he armed himself with an 18-inch torque wrench and threatened two women, a court heard.

He left the scene in a blue BMW and police were called. Officers spotted the vehicle in Reeves Way, but Garner refused to stop and a pursuit ensued. He drove dangerously without lights on and swerved in the road before eventually ramming the police car and fleeing on foot.

Garner made his way to his partner's home in Sheepwalk, Paston. Whilst inside the property he began to strangle the woman, who was 30 weeks pregnant, before she was able to retreat to an upstairs room. Garner followed but officers arrived at the property shortly afterwards and arrested him.

During the appearance at Peterborough Crown Court, Garner, of Ellindon, Bretton, admitted possession of an offensive weapon in a public place, dangerous driving, driving whilst disqualified and assault by beating.

He denied two charges of destroying property and making threats to kill. The court ordered that these lay on file.

Today (21 December) at the same court he was sentenced to a year and two months in prison.

PC Tom Maltby said: "This was a disgraceful episode where Garner thought nothing of brandishing a weapon in public, driving dangerously and even assaulting a pregnant woman.

"I hope the sentence handed out at court today will allow the victims to put the experience behind them."
