```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Members of the public are being asked to pass on information about violent incidents in Bretton last month.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: Appeal following violent incidents in Bretton
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Bretton-violence-appeal-Feb2021
```

Members of the public are being asked to pass on information about violent incidents in Bretton last month.

We were called at about 9pm on Saturday, 23 January, with reports of violence in Eyrescroft near to the primary school.

An 18-year-old man was attacked by a group of three men and sustained minor injuries, believed to be from a knife.

One of the offenders is described having light skin with dark stubble and dark bushy eyebrows, while another wore a matt black Puffa-style jacket.

At about 11.30pm on Friday, 29 January, two men in their 30s were near the water park in Flaxland when they were approached by a group of six to eight males who asked for a lighter and the time, before attacking them with a machete. Both men were injured, however not seriously.

The group, who spoke in Polish, made off with one of the victim's mobile phone and bank cards.

DI Tim Archer said: "While we are keeping an open mind, it is possible these two incidents could be linked. I would urge anyone who has information about either incident to get in touch."

Anyone with information can pass it on to us online either via www.cambs.police.uk/report or through the webchat function at https://bit.ly/2D9KFKH, quoting crime reference 35/5273/21.

Alternatively, those without access to the internet can call 101. Always call 999 if a crime is in action.
