```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Cambridgeshire Constabulary\u2019s newest recruits were welcomed by the Chief Constable at a passing out ceremony today (19 June)."
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2020
title: Force welcomes 17 new recruits
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-welcomes-17-new-recruits
```

Cambridgeshire Constabulary's newest recruits were welcomed by the Chief Constable at a passing out ceremony today (19 June).

The county's 17 new police officers marched at the force's learning and development training centre at Monks Wood, near Alconbury, before being inspected by Chief Constable Nick Dean and Deputy Chief Constable Jane Gyford.

The graduates have traded in careers as a support worker, bank cashier, bar assistant and boat technician to join the force and help keep Cambridgeshire safe.

Having successfully completed their 16-week training course, they will all now be posted across the county to tackle crime and protect the public.

Speaking at the ceremony, Chief Constable Nick Dean congratulated the recruits, telling them "all of you have done tremendously well from when you first forwarded your applications to the constabulary. Many people apply but only a small percentage succeed and you as a group are one of those success stories. You should be really proud of your achievements.

"You are now beginning a unique career in policing. One which is exciting, varied and ever more complex and challenging, but equally a career that presents itself with huge opportunities. Opportunities to make a real difference to people's lives.

"Expectations of what we do are higher than ever, the scrutiny over what we do is very evident. That is why we need to act with integrity, impartially, fairness and diligence - values which are at the centre of Cambridgeshire Constabulary. These values should run through the core of everything you do, both inside and outside work.

"Our role is to build trust and confidence within our communities and that we are here to work alongside them in maintaining public peace and preventing and detecting crime.

"You have all joined with different experiences, different skills, ideas and approaches. We have employed **you** for what you bring to the constabulary. Diversity in all its forms, diversity of thought, ideas, and experience enriches our policing family and supports the communities it serves. Just as you will learn from your colleagues, we will also learn from you.

"I want to close as I opened with congratulations and thanks. You have joined a fantastic family in policing. Work hard, enjoy yourself, challenge yourself and become the best officer you can be. Welcome once again to Cambridgeshire Constabulary."

The force is continuing its search for new constables and those who think they have what it takes are asked to apply via the force website.
