```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A convicted paedophile who tried to meet who he believed to be a 14-year-old boy has been jailed for a year.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2020
title: Convicted paedophile jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/convicted-paedophile-jailed
```

A convicted paedophile who tried to meet who he believed to be a 14-year-old boy has been jailed for a year.

Michael Frost, 69, was handed a five-year sexual harm prevention order and placed on the Sex Offenders Register for five years in 2017 when he was convicted of attempting to meet a boy under the age of 16.

On 25 June last year (2019) Frost began messaging an undercover police officer who was posing as a 14-year-old boy online.

During their conversations he admitted they were both "illegal" but repeatedly asked for indecent images of the 'boy' and sent inappropriate photos of himself.

Frost continued to speak sexually with 'boy' before asking to meet him a week later, offering to pay for a hotel room.

He was arrested at his home in Bradmore Street, Cambridge, on 5 August 2019 where officers also found a small cannabis growing setup.

Frost was jailed at Cambridge Crown Court on Wednesday (23 September) after pleading guilty to attempting to engage in sexual communications with a child, attempting to incite a boy aged 13-15 to engage in sexual activity and allowing the production cannabis.

He was also made the subject of a ten-year sexual harm prevention order and placed on the Sex Offenders Register for ten years.

DC Paul Baysting, who investigated, said: "Frost was convinced he was speaking with a 14-year-old boy yet still sent inappropriate messages, pictures and even asked to meet up in person.

"He has consistently shown he is a threat to the public but thanks to his sentence he will be behind bars for some time.

"When he is released from prison we will have the powers necessary to monitor his behaviour, minimising further risk to the public."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, visit the force website: www.cambs.police.uk/childprotection.

Anyone who has concerns about child abuse should contact police on 101 (or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report), children's social care or the NSPCC. If a child is in immediate danger always call 999.
