```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detective Sergeant Andrew Moralee writes about his role with a dedicated team of officers who work to protect young people from exploitation.
publish:
  date: 19 Jun 2019
title: Protecting children from exploitation
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Protecting-children-from-exploitation-19062019
```

Days in the Missing, Exploited and Trafficked Hub (METhub) can be very varied. Our main role is to actively seek opportunities to engage with children who we think could be at risk of any exploitation, including sexual and criminal (county lines). We work closely with partner agencies such as social care where we take part in multi-agency meetings and visit children together who are at risk of harm.

An example of this work was when I was asked to pick up a referral that had come through from another officer. There were concerns two girls were associating with men who were thought to be involved in child sexual exploitation. I researched the names and contacted the school they attended to arrange to visit them. I spoke to the girls about why I was there and listened to what they had to say. You never know from an initial contact if any offences or intelligence will be disclosed or if you are just able to start the process of gaining trust for future visits. On this occasion one of the girls wouldn't talk about what was going on, but the second one told me about some activities that amounted to crimes. By talking to her I obtained enough detail to commence the investigation and record the crime, but I knew an interview would be needed to obtain her evidence.

I then made contact with the appropriate social care team to share the information I had so safeguarding decisions could be made.

Social care called a strategy discussion for later that day due to the urgency of the situation. I completed research on the police systems into the people involved so I could present this. The strategy discussion involved partner agencies such as social care, health and education. We all shared what we knew and decisions were made about the actions to be undertaken by all of the agencies.

I then made sure the crimes were raised and intelligence submitted so the suspects could be dealt with. The METhub maintain the victim engagement and evidence gathering if appropriate and so I would be completing the interview and updating the victim.

The partner agency approach meant a lot of support was offered to the girls so they could be safeguarded and steps could be taken to prevent them becoming exploited.

 **Detective Sergeant Andy Moralee**

**Missing, Exploited and Trafficked Hub (METhub)**
