```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A convicted sex offender who breached the conditions of a court order has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 9 Oct 2020
title: Jail for sex offender who breached conditions
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-for-sex-offender-who-breached-conditions
```

A convicted sex offender who breached the conditions of a court order has been jailed.

Harry Agate, 25, was handed a sexual harm prevention order (SHPO) following an offence in 2017.

Conditions of the order meant Agate was forbidden from using a mobile phone or other electronic device to access the internet without disclosing it to the police. He was also ordered to make all devices available for inspection upon request.

On 28 July officers attended Agate's home in Tilton Court, Peterborough, after receiving intelligence that suggested there was a device in use at the property.

When they arrived, Agate denied having another electronic device other than the non-internet phone given to him by police.

The officers arrested him and he then admitted to having another smartphone where he had set up a WhatsApp and Facebook account.

He pleaded guilty to two counts of breaching a SHPO and was sentenced to one year and eight months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Monday (5 October).

DS Scott Lloyd, who investigated, said: "It's clear Agate couldn't be trusted to stick to his order.

"We carry out regular checks on people with SHPOs and we take breaches very seriously."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found here -> https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Child-protection/Sarahs-Law?utm_source=Press%20release&utm_medium=Jordan%20court%20report&utm_campaign=Child%20protection
