```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A disqualified driver has been jailed after being caught with cannabis and cocaine when behind the wheel in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 20 May 2020
title: Man jailed for drug offences
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-drug-offences
```

A disqualified driver has been jailed after being caught with cannabis and cocaine when behind the wheel in Peterborough.

Officers on patrol saw 26-year-old Conor Graham driving a silver BMW suspiciously in Central Avenue at about 2pm on 12 October.

When they followed him, they saw Graham park and enter a flat in Waltham Close, Welland. He returned just five minutes later carrying a large bulging carrier bag.

He got back into the car and drove off towards Eye Road where officers requested him to stop.

When officers spoke to Graham, he admitted to being disqualified from driving and that he had a bag of cannabis in the back.

He was arrested at the scene and forensic examination of the bag found 419 grams of cannabis, worth a street value of about £4,100.

Further enquiries also revealed text messages relating to drug orders and dealing.

At about 8.20pm on 6 April, whilst Graham was released under investigation, officers received information about a blue Volkswagen Scirocco, that was believed to be connected to drug dealing, driving round the city centre.

When the car was stopped, Graham was once again found to be the driver. A search of the vehicle identified cling film, electronic scales and white powder residue.

Graham was searched and taken into custody where he was found in possession of 1.49 grams of cocaine.

Graham, of Waltham Close, Peterborough, was charged and admitted two counts of driving while disqualified, possession with intent to supply class B drugs, possession of class A drugs and two counts of driving with no insurance.

He was sentenced to a year in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (12 May) and was disqualified from driving for a further 10 months.

DC Ashley Byrne said: "Graham was found in possession of drugs on more than one occasion and continued to drive other people's cars, despite being disqualified.

"Drugs can have a hugely negative effect on communities and are often linked to other crimes including serious street based violence and exploitation.

"I hope the sentence shows how serious we are about tackling this type of criminality which will not be tolerated in Cambridgeshire."
