```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer who was caught with cannabis, cocaine and thousands of pounds in cash has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 31 Mar 2021
title: Drug dealer caught with stash of cash
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Drug-dealer-caught-with-stash-of-cash
```

A drug dealer who was caught with cannabis, cocaine and thousands of pounds in cash has been jailed.

Ali Errahmouni, 34, was seen by officers in Norfolk Street, Cambridge, talking to a known drug user through a car window.

As the officers approached, Errahmouni got out of the car and began to walk away, but was stopped by officers and searched.

They found two mobile phones and car keys for the Mercedes he had been seen driving.

Officers decided to search his car, where they found two plastic bags on the back seat containing £5,000 and €9,000 in cash.

In the boot of the car they discovered cocaine and cannabis later found to be worth up to £5,300 and £4,680 respectively.

Errahmouni, of no fixed abode, but from the Cambridge area, later admitted possession with intent to supply cocaine and cannabis, as well as acquiring, using or possessing criminal property.

Today (31 March) at Peterborough Crown Court he was jailed for three years and six months.

PC Piers Kitson said: "Drugs devastate the lives of people trapped in addiction. When officers spotted someone they knew was in this tragic position talking to Errahmouni through a car window they were understandably suspicious.

"Officers regularly act on intelligence to patrol areas where drug dealing is thought to be taking place. The public have a big role to play in this. If you notice what you believe to be drug dealing activity please let us know so that we can help make our communities safer."

The force's 'Stay In, Speak Out' campaign encourages residents, who are staying at home more because of the Coronavirus pandemic, to report any concerns or suspicious behaviour in their community. More information on the campaign is available on the Constabulary's website.
