```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who knocked out two men, seriously injuring one of them, during an assault in Cambridge has been jailed for eight years.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2018
title: Man gets eight years for assault
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Pouria-Sadjadi
```

A man who knocked out two men, seriously injuring one of them, during an assault in Cambridge has been jailed for eight years.

Pouria Sadjadi, 25, of Cadwin Field, Cambridge, was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (Monday 16 April).

The assaults happened on 16 September last year, during the early hours outside the taxi rank in St Andrew's Street. Sadjadi had an altercation with the victims during which he punched one of them, a 50-year-old man from Soham, and knocked him unconscious. The man's friend, aged 41 and from Newmarket, came to his aid and began arguing with Sadjadi who punched him in the face and knocked him out.

The 50-year-old was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital with serious head injuries and has since been discharged but is still recovering from his injuries.

The 41-year-old man suffered serious but not life threatening head injuries and required hospital treatment.

Pouria Sadjadi

Sadjadi pleaded guilty to actual bodily harm on his 41-year-old victim and was found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent on his 50-year-old victim following a three day trial in February.

DC Sean Denby said: "This case highlights the catastrophic consequences one punch can have on a person's life, with one of Sadjadi's victim's still living with the effects of his injury.

"Today's sentence reflects how seriously violence is taken by the courts."
