```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Kelsey Knapp even turned up at his workplace with a knife
publish:
  date: 2 Jul 2020
title: Woman who harassed boyfriend sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/kelsey-knapp-peterborough-sentencing
```

A woman who harassed her boyfriend and turned up at his workplace with a knife has been sentenced.

Kelsey Knapp, 24, of Ellindon, Bretton, Peterborough, even called the hotel where her partner worked as a barman and pretended to be his mother in an effort to talk to him.

The pair began a relationship in December after meeting at a hotel in New Fletton, Peterborough, where the victim worked at the time.

On 31 January the couple visited a pub in Peterborough, but Knapp became verbally abusive after he began talking to another woman at the venue.

Four days later the pair went to a bowling alley in the city, but the same course of events took place. On this occasion Knapp threw a drink over the man and left.

In the middle of January Knapp visited the hotel where her boyfriend worked, and it was at this point that he decided to end the relationship.

He sent Knapp a text message telling her it was over and asked her not to contact him again. He blocked her number, but Knapp continued attempts to talk to him via other social media sites.

On 11 February Knapp turned up at the man's house uninvited, but was allowed in via the fire escape.

Knapp was desperate to rekindle the relationship, but the man told her he was now with someone new. Knapp produced a knife, but the man managed to take this off of her and later gave the weapon to police.

On 6 March a member of staff at the hotel received a call from who they knew to be Knapp. She asked to speak to her ex-boyfriend, but pretended to be his mother.

Knapp visited the victim's address again in the early hours of the following day (7 March) and accessed the bedroom window via the fire escape.

She banged loudly on the window and shouted to be let in, at which point the police were called. The man also saw Knapp climbing onto the roof and trying to get in via the skylight.

Police attended and found Knapp on the fire escape, where she was arrested.

In police interview Knapp admitted to being at the man's house on 11 February and 7 March. She admitted having the knife, but claimed she didn't intend to hurt anyone with it.

Knapp pleaded guilty to putting a person in fear of violence by harassment and possessing a knife in a public place at a previous hearing.

DC Claire Lethbridge, who investigated, said: "There is a harassment element to this case and highlights that men can also be victims.

"Knapp harassed her ex-boyfriend for weeks, understandably causing him a great deal of strain.

"She ignored the victim's refusals to message or speak to her and went to extreme lengths to see him.

"I hope the restraining order imposed in this case gives the victim some measure of comfort and closure, as well as highlighting our dedication to safeguarding victims and bringing offenders before the courts."

More information and advice on harassment can be found on the force website at https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Stalking-and-harassment

Knapp was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (1 July) where she was handed an 18-month community order and a 35-day rehabilitation activity requirement.

She was also given a five-year restraining order preventing her from contacting her ex-boyfriend in any way.
