```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who flouted a restraining order by kicking a door down to get into his ex-partner\u2019s home has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 14 Jan 2021
title: "Man kicked his way into ex\u2019s home"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-kicked-his-way-into-ex-home
```

A man who flouted a restraining order by kicking a door down to get into his ex-partner's home has been sentenced.

Joshua Peck, 28, was issued with the restraining order, which forbade him from contacting his ex-partner directly or indirectly, in October 2017.

On 18 November last year, Peck kicked down the door of his ex-partner's home and went inside. He began shouting and making threats.

A few days prior to the incident, Peck had sent his ex a number of threatening and abusive text messages and shouted abuse at her and her friends in the street.

When offices went to Peck's home to arrest him, he resisted to such an extent they had to use PAVA spray to bring him under control. He was arrested and taken into police custody.

Peck, of Lapwings Close, Teversham, Cambridge, pleaded guilty to breach of a restraining order and was sentenced to 20 weeks in prison at Cambridge Crown Court on Monday (11 January) with other counts to lie on file.

Detective Constable Ash Bryce, who investigated, said: "This victim had to endure a dreadful tirade of abuse from Peck, both via text messages and face-to-face.

"Peck showed no regard for the restraining order against him, which caused the victim great distress.

"Tackling domestic abuse of all kinds and safeguarding victims is one of our main priorities and we will continue to work night and day to bring perpetrators to justice."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse
