```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A has been sentenced after assaulting and threatening to kill his ex-partner in an alcohol-fuelled outburst.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2021
title: Drunken man threatens to kill ex-partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drunken-man-threatens-to-kill-ex-partner
```

A has been sentenced after assaulting and threatening to kill his ex-partner in an alcohol-fuelled outburst.

Christopher Ward, 59, phoned the police after he launched an attack on his ex-partner of 16-years while celebrating her birthday on 1 January.

At just after 2.30pm the victim, a woman in her 60s, returned to their home in Peterborough to find Ward drunk and complaining about the victim's family.

When an argument broke out between the pair, Ward picked up a sword and held it to the victim's chin while threatening to kill her.

He then picked up a bottle of homebrew beer and threw it against the woman's head before tipping the remains over her.

When the victim went to the bathroom to clean her face, he followed her while laughing.

Ward then held a kitchen knife and pointed it at the woman while saying "this is what this is for, to kill you".

He pushed her head against a door before letting her go.

The woman managed to escape and drove off, parking around the corner where she suffered a panic attack.

Officers arrived after Ward reported what had happened and he was later arrested.

Ward, of Willesden Avenue, Peterborough, admitted to threats to kill and assault by beating and was subsequently sentenced to one year and seven months in prison, suspended for two years, at Cambridge Crown Court on Wednesday (3 March). He was also handed a seven year restraining order.

**DC Katie Housham said:** "This was a terrifying attack against an innocent woman who was trying to celebrate her birthday.

"Ward's violent actions were totally inexcusable and I am pleased he has been brought to justice for his behaviour.

"We take all reports of domestic abuse seriously and will continue to work tirelessly to protect victims and take action against offenders."

More information and support can be found on our dedicated domestic abuse web pages.
