```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who strangled his neighbour has been found guilty of murder.
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2021
title: 15 years for man who strangled neighbour
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/zac-jackson-murder
```

A man who strangled his neighbour has been found guilty of murder.

Zac Jackson, 38, was a resident in a set of community living flats in Coleridge Road, Cambridge when he killed 51-year-old Katy Sprague on 27 November, 2019.

Jackson's community psychiatric nurse had raised concerns earlier in the day when she visited him at Denham Place and he put his hands around her neck and told her he was 'going to murder' her, a member of staff at the flats and Katy.

It was just after 4.30pm that one of Jackson's neighbours called police to say Katy was being attacked in the common room.

Katy was then found unconscious on the floor while Jackson paced the room saying 'I killed Katy'.

He also told officers while he was being booked into custody that he 'just killed someone'.

A post mortem examination concluded a preliminary cause of death as compression of the neck.

Jackson, of Coleridge Road, stood trial at Cambridge Crown Court and was found guilty of murder today (10 February) by a unanimous jury. He has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 15 years.

Detective Inspector Lucy Thomson, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: "This was a tragic case and our sincere condolences go to Katy's family and friends she leaves behind.

"We hope this conviction will provide some solace to Katy's family."
