```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Justice for crimes that spanned nine years
publish:
  date: 12 Jan 2021
title: Former paramedic convicted of multiple sex crimes
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/paramedic-wheeler-rape-sex-trial
```

A former paramedic has been found guilty of multiple counts of rape and sexual assault against three victims.

Andrew Wheeler, 46, of Mill Green, Warboys, was convicted of six sexual offences between 2009 and 2018 following a trial which began early in December.

Peterborough Crown Court heard Wheeler's offending came to light after he raped and sexually assaulted a woman in September 2018.

He had responded as a single-crew paramedic to an emergency call to help the woman and reassured two other paramedics, who arrived as a dual-crew, that he had things under control.

He then took the intoxicated woman from a friend's home back to her home before carrying out the attack.

The woman told a friend, the incident was reported to police and Wheeler was arrested later that day.

Another victim then came forward who Wheeler had raped in 2009 and sexually assaulted in the back of an ambulance in April 2010.

Wheeler was also found guilty of two counts of sexual assault on a girl under 13, not connected to his work, between December 2013 and May 2014 **.**

He was found not guilty of six counts of rape on a woman and the jury could not reach decisions on a further five counts of rape against the same victim. He was also found not guilty of a 2010 allegation of causing sexual activity without consent.

Detective Chief Superintendent Martin Brunning said: "Andrew Wheeler is a predatory individual whose offending has spanned nearly a decade. We believe his decision to become a paramedic was influenced by the access it would give him to potentially vulnerable members of the public and this breach of trust makes his appalling offences all the more deplorable.

"He has caused a huge amount of suffering and trauma for his victims and today I would like to pay tribute to their bravery in coming forwards and the patience and dignity they have shown throughout a lengthy legal process. I can't imagine what they have gone through but I hope the result allows them to continue rebuilding their lives knowing that justice has been done.

"I also hope today's result, which is the result of a diligent and thorough investigation, will encourage others who have been the victim of sexual assaults to come forward, no matter how long ago it may have happened. Reports are taken extremely seriously and all allegations are thoroughly investigated by specialist officers.

"It is feasible that over the significant span of time in which Wheeler was offending, there may be other victims who have not come forward. I would urge them, or anyone else who has concerns relating to him, to contact police on 101."

Wheeler has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced on 12 February at Peterborough Crown Court.

If you or someone you love has suffered a serious sexual offence, there are support options available. Visit https://bit.ly/35x4abp for more information.
