```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A disqualified driver has been jailed after leading police on a dangerous car chase in Peterborough city centre.
publish:
  date: 9 Mar 2020
title: Disqualified driver led police on dangerous pursuit
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/disqualified-driver-led-police-on-dangerous-pursuit
```

A disqualified driver has been jailed after leading police on a dangerous car chase in Peterborough city centre.

Callum Foster, 24, was seen using his mobile phone whilst driving a Honda Civic along Eastfield Road on 20 June.

Officers followed Foster and signalled for him to pull over, but instead he drove off at high speed down Vergette Street.

The officers pursued Foster, who was driving at speeds of up to 70mph through the city centre, running red lights and driving the wrong way down carriageways.

He was eventually brought to a stop after stationary traffic blocked him in Bourges Boulevard.

Foster ran from the car along Bridge Street and entered the Park Inn hotel in an attempt to escape officers.

However, he was cornered and arrested. When he was searched officers found two bags of cannabis, money and two "burner" style phones.

Following a check it was found he was disqualified from driving and a drug test revealed he was under the influence of cannabis.

Foster, of Coneygree Road, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, driving while disqualified and possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

He was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court last Tuesday (3 March) and was jailed for 14 months.

PC Ruth Watson said: "Foster put the lives of innocent road users in danger by driving at excessive speeds and under the influence.

"There is no doubt he was prepared to do whatever it took to evade police.

"Disqualified drivers have their licences taken away for a reason and by continuing to drive, they put other road users at risk."

For more information about speeding, including potential penalties and how to report dangerous driving, visit _the force website_.
