```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A Peterborough street was evacuated after a man created \u201Cdangerous and unstable\u201D devices to show off to his partner\u2019s son."
publish:
  date: 27 Sep 2019
title: Man created dangerous and unstable devices to show off
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-created-dangerous-and-unstable-devices-to-show-off
```

A Peterborough street was evacuated after a man created "dangerous and unstable" devices to show off to his partner's son.

James Need, 38, was arrested at his home in New Road, Woodston, on 16 March after his landlady found evidence of what looked like smoke bombs around the property.

The street was evacuated and police officers were joined by firefighters, paramedics and CBRN (Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear) experts as they looked to make the scene safe.

They discovered crudely put together devices that were not explosive but were dangerous and unstable.

Need said he had created them to show to his partner's son who was interested in science.

He pleaded guilty to making an explosive substance under suspicious circumstances at Peterborough Crown Court on Monday (23 September).

In addition, he pleaded guilty to harassment after contacting his partner up to fifteen times a day despite breaking up with her in December last year.

Need was given a two-year community order and ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and a 40 day rehabilitation activity requirement.

DC Victoria Speirs said: "Need created the devices to show off to his partner's son. Despite the fact they were not explosive they were dangerous and it has cost the community a lot of money to stop them from being a threat.

"Need did not intend to use the devices maliciously but it is a serious offence to create them in the first place".
