```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A bike thief who threw coffee over an officer has been sentenced to 22 weeks in prison.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Bike thief threw coffee over officer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/bike-thief-threw-coffee-over-officer
```

A bike thief who threw coffee over an officer has been sentenced to 22 weeks in prison.

Kevin Champion, 45, was arrested by officers who saw him riding a bike along Peas Hill, Cambridge, on 26 October which had been reported as stolen from the train station earlier that day.

While under arrest he was found in possession of an allen key and further arrested for going equipped for theft.

Champion was again arrested when CCTV images revealed he was responsible for a bike theft at the Grand Arcade on 6 September.

In July he was arrested on suspicion of a public order offence when he threatened a hotel receptionist in Clifton Way, Cambridge.

During his interview he lashed out at an officer and threw a cup of coffee over them.

Champion, of no fixed abode, was jailed on Saturday (12 December) at Cambridge Magistrates' Court after he was found guilty of going equipped for theft, two counts of bike theft and a public order offence and admitted assaulting an emergency worker and criminal damage at an earlier hearing.

He was also ordered to pay £100 compensation to the officer.

Sergeant Kevin Misik, of the Cambridge City Neighbourhood Team, said: "Champion is a prolific offender with a catalogue of previous convictions.

"Luckily the officer wasn't burnt by the coffee and thanks to his sentence will be able to replace the shirt he ruined.

"I also hope this result provides some reassurance to the public that we are doing all we can to crack down on cycle crime in the city."

Superintendent James Sutherland, Area Commander for the south of the county, said: "This year we have stepped up our efforts to tackle cycle crime in the city.

"Cycle crime can have a big impact on victims, often leaving them significantly out of pocket and without means of travel.

"We will continue to work tirelessly on tackling the issue to make Cambridge a safer and more enjoyable place for cyclists."
