```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three men have been charged in connection with disorder believed to be linked to a series of arsons in the centre of Peterborough since Friday (28 February).
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2020
title: Three men charged in arson investigation
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Op-Feethams-charges
```

Three men have been charged in connection with disorder believed to be linked to a series of arsons in the centre of Peterborough since Friday (28 February).

The men, all from Eastfield, were arrested in the early hours of yesterday morning (Wednesday) following reports of violence and criminal damage in Orchard Street, Eastfield.

A 37-year-old man has been charged with five counts of possessing an offensive weapon in a public place and conspiracy to commit violent disorder.

A 32-year-old man has been charged with four counts of possessing an offensive weapon in a public place and conspiracy to commit violent disorder.

A 21-year-old man has been charged with possessing an offensive weapon in a public place.

All three men have been remanded in custody to appear at Peterborough Magistrates' Court tomorrow (Friday, 6 March).

A section 60 order has been in place over the last 48 hours and will be lifted at 8pm today (Thursday).

As part of the investigation four people were arrested last night in Eastfield Road.

A 34-year-old man remains in custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station. Two women aged 28 and 29, and a 26-year-old man have all been released under investigation.

Anyone with information about the incidents is urged to report to police either online at www.cambs.police.uk/report or call 101. Alternatively contact the independent charity, Crimestoppers, anonymously online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org or call 0800 555 111.
