```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: After 30 years plus of police and military service, ACC Paul Fullwood will be retiring from policing on 10 July.
publish:
  date: 8 Jul 2020
title: ACC Paul Fullwood retires
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/acc-fullwood-retires
```

After 30 years plus of police and military service, ACC Paul Fullwood will be retiring from policing on 10 July. During his career Paul has undertaken a number of roles most recently as the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH) COVID-19 Gold Commander, following three years as Head of Joint Protective Services (JPS) for the tri-force.

Paul said: "I am extremely fortunate to have had such an enjoyable, interesting and varied policing career. I have worked with so many brilliant people across UK policing, some still serving, some retired and some sadly passed away. I have enjoyed every role I have undertaken and I hope I have made a small difference whether that be to colleagues, victims, their families and our communities along the way."

At the age of 17 Paul joined the Armed Forces serving in the UK and also several overseas deployments. He started his policing career in 1992 with Sussex Police working in Brighton in various uniform and detective roles.

Paul transferred to Cambridgeshire in 2002 as a DI, was then seconded to the National Crime Squad working extensively overseas before returning in 2005 as DCI. He was promoted to Superintendent in 2008 where he spent the next five years managing core policing areas as well as Public Order Commander and Firearms Commander in several high profile events across Cambridgeshire.

In 2013 Paul returned to his crime background to lead the BCH Major Crime Unit during which he was involved in over 60 homicides and kidnaps in which the unit achieved over 3000 years of convictions across the strategic collaboration.

As the NPCC lead for PIP 4 (Strategic Investigator) he has championed this key area extensively with the College of Policing and UK senior detectives, supporting SIO's, Gold Commander's and future Chief Officers in managing high profile, sensitive and complex investigations. In this role he has led on several high profile BCH enquires, the most notable being Operation Mansell, the 2014 reinvestigation into the murder of 6-year-old Rikki Neave (1994) and then charging a suspect in 2020.

Paul continued: "I have been fortunate to have been a detective at every rank. Working with so many professional, experienced, talented and inspirational individuals has been one of the highlights of my career. "

Paul became Detective Chief Superintendent Head of Crime for JPS before taking on the ACC role for JPS, responding to various challenges along the way. JPS has been described as one of the most successful "collaborations of specialist resources across UK policing" something Paul wholeheartedly agrees with.

"Over the years I have seen policing change immensely, however the most important lesson I have learnt is the value of our "people". They can move mountains, inspire and amaze all by their character and sense of humour - I remain humbled to have worked with so many exceptional people who will remain friends for a very long time."

Paul was due to retire in April 2020 but delayed his retirement to take on the BCH COVID-19 Gold Commander role, throughout that time he led the BCH Collaborated departments in their essential role in working with and supporting BCH local policing throughout the national crisis.

Chief Constable for Cambridgeshire, Nick Dean said: "Paul's retirement will clearly leave a huge gap; his extensive knowledge and experience will be missed across BCH. Paul's contribution to policing over many years is very evident and I have really enjoyed working alongside him since moving to Cambridgeshire. Paul's professionalism, personal approach and leadership style cannot be underestimated and I consider myself fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with him over the past two years. A huge thank you from the Constabulary and from me personally."

Garry Forsyth, Chief Constable for Bedfordshire, said: "It has been my genuine pleasure to have Paul as a colleague leading JPS in all my time here in Bedfordshire Police. Paul is a skilled and highly credible individual who possesses the ability to secure the trust, respect and admiration of the whole workforce and our communities. I will miss his wise counsel, strong values and courage but wish him well in what I hope is a long and happy retirement. The fact that Paul delayed his retirement to see the collaboration through the unprecedented challenge of COVID-19 is a mark of his character and tells you all you need to know about his selfless commitment to duty. Thank you, Paul."

Chief Constable for Hertfordshire, Charlie Hall said: "It's been a pleasure working alongside Paul and his commitment and experience has contributed hugely to the success of the BCH collaboration. He should be very proud of all that he has achieved in policing and leaves big shoes to fill. We wish him well and as I told him when I recently saw him he can retire knowing that he leaves a positive and enduring mark from his policing service on so many members of the public and colleagues alike."

Paul will be taking a break with his family and then moving onto the next chapter in the months ahead whatever that may be.
