```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Peterborough hare courser has been given a four-year Criminal Behaviour Order.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2021
title: Four-year Criminal Behaviour Order for hare courser
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/four-year-cbo-holmes
```

A Peterborough hare courser has been given a four-year Criminal Behaviour Order.

William Holmes, 28, of Paston Ridings, was handed the Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on Thursday (18 March) after previously pleading guilty to daytime trespass in pursuit of game.

The Rural Crime Action Team issued Holmes with a Community Protection Warning On 3 October last year after it was reported by a member of the public he was hare coursing on land near Sandpit Road in Thorney.

They also seized his dog and mobile phone. On the phone officers found photos, videos and messages referring to coursing, lamping and poaching which helped to secure his charge.

The CBO states that Holmes must not (in the County of Cambridgeshire):

Be on any private agricultural or farm land, or any yards or working areas associated with that land, in or on any vehicle, or on foot whilst in possession of one or more dog breeds namely Saluki, Lurcher, Greyhound and Whippet or cross breeds of these dogs, unless the land owners written permission has been obtained beforehand.

At court Holmes was also ordered to pay a £120 fine and £350 compensation towards the cost of kennelling.

Sergeant Tom Nuttall said: "Holmes was caught red handed by the Rural Crime Action Team. His actions blight the rural communities of Cambridgeshire.

"The CBO will prevent further offending and lead to a higher penalty if breached."

More information about hare coursing is available here.
