```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are urging members of the public to be vigilant following a number of distraction burglaries in Fenland this month.
publish:
  date: 23 Jun 2020
title: Warning following distraction burglaries in Fenland
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-following-distraction-burglaries-in-fenland
```

Police are urging members of the public to be vigilant following a number of distraction burglaries in Fenland this month.

It has been reported that two men have visited predominantly elderly people's homes and offered to carry out various repair jobs.

On some occasions they have taken a cash deposit from their victims and not returned. On other occasions the victim has been distracted by one of the men whilst the other entered through another door to steal items from within the home.

In total there have been three incidents reported in Wisbech and Whittlesey, as well as one in Witchford near Ely.

One of the men is described as white, in his 50s with a red complexion and tanned skin, 5'8" tall and of medium build. On one occasion he wore a pair of grey square-rimmed glasses, a green farming-style gilet and a black baseball cap.

His younger accomplice has been described as a white man in his 20s, 5'5" tall with dark, messy hair which was long on top. He wore a black sweatshirt, black jeans and a black baseball cap.

PC George Corney said: "These men are clearly targeting older people and we are really keen to identify them. If you have also been a victim, or believe you have encountered these men, even if they did not take any money from you, please report this to us as it could help in our investigation."

Distraction burglars usually pretend to be someone they are not. If you are not expecting someone to visit you and you don't know them, do not let them into your home. If you are really unsure, don't open the door.

A genuine caller won't mind coming back at a time when it is more convenient for you and for when you can arrange to have someone you trust with you for the appointment.

You can find more information on distraction burglars here https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Bogus-callers.

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting 35/35870/20 or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report.
