```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Drugs worth up to \xA320,000 were passed between a visitor and serving prisoner"
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2021
title: Pair sentenced for drug smuggling
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ashley-stapley-anthony-lawrence-prison-drugs-sentencing
```

A London man tried to smuggle drugs worth up to £20,000 into a Peterborough prison for an inmate to sell.

Anthony Lawrence, of Lansdowne Road, Tottenham, London, visited HMP Peterborough on the afternoon of 7 May, 2019. The 32-year-old visited a serving prisoner, Ashley Stapley, but the visit raised suspicions with prison staff.

The was no conversation between the pair and Stapley, serving a seven-year sentence for assault occasioning grievous bodily harm (GBH), seemed more interested in where prison staff were standing.

Stapley was led out of the visitor hall and searched. Lawrence, who was in the process of leaving, was stopped by prison officers and police were called.

When searched Stapley refused to remove his underwear and prison officers soon discovered a package hidden between his legs.

Police arrived and Lawrence was arrested on suspicion of conveying a list B item into prison.

In interview, Lawrence admitted bringing the package into HMP Peterborough. He said he knew it was wrong but did it under duress and added that he needed to make some money.

Stapley refused to leave his prison cell and therefore was not interviewed.

The package hidden by Stapley was examined and found to contain four smaller packages, including one containing just over 13 grams of cocaine with a prison value of up to £15,600.

Others contained 50 grams of cannabis in four wraps worth up to £5,000, roughly £50 of tobacco and two micro mobile phones, a USB memory card and two chargers.

Lawrence, who has seven previous convictions for 12 offences, was charged with the offence and Stapley was charged with possession with intent to supply a class A drug.

Stapley stood trial at Cambridge Crown Court in July, claiming the drugs were for personal use, but jurors took just over three hours to find him guilty.

Lawrence pleaded guilty to bringing a list A prohibited article into prison and also bringing a list B prohibited article into prison.

The pair were sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court today (10 February) where Stapley was sentenced to 26 months in prison on top of his existing sentence. Lawrence was handed 22 months behind bars.

DC Mark Clapham, who investigated, said: "Lawrence was clearly trying to sneak drugs into HMP Peterborough for Stapley to sell, but Stapley was caught red-handed thanks to prison officers who realised there was something amiss.

"We take these cases very seriously and we'll continue to do everything in our power to bring those involved to justice."
