```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who was caught growing more than \xA3400,000 worth of cannabis at his home in Chatteris has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 17 Feb 2020
title: Jail for cannabis farmer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-cannabis-farmer
```

A man who was caught growing more than £400,000 worth of cannabis at his home in Chatteris has been jailed.

Ervis Cira, 30, filled four rooms with a total of 503 cannabis plants at the property in Westbourne Road.

At about 8.30am on Wednesday, 8 January, officers from the community action team carried out a warrant at the address.

As they went up the first set of stairs, they found a doorway covered in white sheeting and Cira standing behind it.

Officers searched the property and discovered that the electric had been bypassed around the meter and fed into a white box with cables leading to various rooms in the property.

The plants were seized alongside a large amount of cultivation equipment.

Analysis found the plants had the capacity to produce up to 42kg of cannabis, worth a value of approximately £422,520.

Cira pleaded guilty to producing a class B drug and was jailed for two years and eight months at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (14 February).

DC Ralph King said: "This warrant stopped a huge amount of drugs from reaching the streets of Cambridgeshire.

"I'm pleased our work has disrupted Cira's drug operation and I hope the sentencing shows how seriously this type of criminality is taken by the police and the courts."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug production or dealing, you can report it to us online at www.cambs.police.uk/Report or calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
