```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A disqualified driver who was arrested on Christmas Day but failed to attend court has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 22 Jun 2020
title: "\u201CGhost of Christmas Past\u201D catches up with disqualified driver"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/ghost-of-christmas-past-catches-up-with-disqualified-driver
```

A disqualified driver who was arrested on Christmas Day but failed to attend court has been jailed.

George Coleman, 53, was arrested during the festive season last year after being found in Werrington, Peterborough, driving while disqualified.

Coleman was charged and bailed to attend court in March, but he did not attend and a bench warrant was issued for his arrest.

On Wednesday (17 June) at about 10am traffic officers were on the A1 Southbound near Wyboston, St Neots, when they stopped a Peugeot 206 as it had been flagged as having no insurance.

When PC Chris Jupp went to speak to the driver he immediately recognised Coleman and, after a confirmatory check, arrested him at the scene.

Coleman, of Great Whyte, Ramsey, pleaded guilty to driving while disqualified and driving without insurance at Peterborough Magistrates' Court the same day.

He was sentenced to four months in prison, disqualified from driving for a further three years and ordered to take an extended retest when allowed to do so.

PC Jupp said: "This was a case of the Ghost of Christmas Past coming back to haunt Coleman. He only made things worse for himself by not attending court in the first place, and the magistrates will have certainly taken it into account when sentencing."
