```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dangerous driver who seriously injured a motorcyclist has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 1 Oct 2020
title: Dangerous driver sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dangerous-driver-sentenced-2
```

A dangerous driver who seriously injured a motorcyclist has been sentenced.

Sumera Riaz, 46, was travelling in her Chevrolet Captiva along Mayors Walk in Peterborough at about 3.30pm on 13 February last year.

As Riaz drove round a blind left hand bend towards Priory Road, she veered into the opposite lane causing a head on collision with a motorcyclist who was travelling in the opposite direction.

The motorcyclist, a man in his 30s, came off the motorbike and suffered serious injuries, including a fractured rib and broken tibia, as a result. He has since made a full recovery.

In her police interview, Riaz claimed she was not on the opposite side of the road, but later pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving.

Riaz, of Nicholls Avenue, Peterborough, was sentenced to seven months in prison, suspended for 18 months, at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (29 September). She was also ordered to complete 180 hours of unpaid work and was disqualified from driving for two years.

PC Sam Shepherd said: "Riaz failed to correctly judge the bend and caused a man to suffer serious injuries as a result.

"I hope this case highlights the importance of staying vigilant at all times while behind the wheel and driving to the conditions of the road."
