```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar who threw a torch at police and bit an officer on the arm in a bid to resist arrest has been jailed for three years and nine months.
publish:
  date: 9 May 2019
title: Biting burglar behind bars
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/biting-burglar-behind-bars
```

A burglar who threw a torch at police and bit an officer on the arm in a bid to resist arrest has been jailed for three years and nine months.

John Launbas, 31, of Stevenson Court, Cambridge, broke into two properties in Humberstone Road, Cambridge, at about 9pm on 8 April.

Police were alerted to a disturbance at one of the properties by a member of the public and when they arrived they discovered the back door had been forced open and there were clear signs of a search.

Officers noticed the gate to the next door property was ajar and a downstairs window wide open. One officer shone his torch through the window and, as he did so, Launbas stood up from behind the kitchen counter. The officer told him to stay where he was but Launbas threw a torch, striking the officer on the head.

Launbas ran but was later found hiding in a garage at the first property. He became violent and bit an officer on the arm while being arrested.

Launbas admitted his crimes in interview, stating he had turned to burglary after he hadn't been paid for some work and needed money to fund his cannabis addiction.

He pleaded guilty to two counts of burglary and one count of assault at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (8 May) and was sentenced to three years and four months for the two burglaries and a further five months for the assault on the officer, to be served consecutively.

DC Neil Gibbs, who investigated, said: "This is a great result and shows how seriously the judge viewed the offences.

"Launbas's behaviour towards officers was violent and out of control and the incident demonstrates we will do all we can to catch criminals, even if it sometimes means putting ourselves in danger."

For online burglary prevention advice visit: www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary

Anyone with information about burglary should call police on 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
