```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A week of action to disrupt drug gangs operating across the county has resulted in 17 people being arrested and seven being charged.
publish:
  date: 26 Mar 2018
title: Drug gangs tackled in week of action
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Drug-gangs-tackled-in-week-of-action
```

A week of action to disrupt drug gangs operating across the county has resulted in 17 people being arrested and seven being charged.

The operation, which was part of a regional clampdown on county lines, started last Monday (19 March) and saw warrants carried out, vehicles stopped and welfare visits on vulnerable people.

During the week a county lines drug dealer, Daniel Hinds, was sentenced to two years, suspended, for two years.

Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU) Detective Superintendent Bernie Morgan said: "We are determined that there will be no place to hide for those who bring harm to our region by exploiting people and pedalling dangerous, illegal substances.

"We're committed to taking strong action to deal with county drug lines in the eastern region, and this week's co-ordinated response is a great example of law enforcement and partner agencies working together to tackle serious criminal activity and to protect the vulnerable. We will continue to work with our national and partner agencies to ensure that the eastern region's response to county lines is robust and that we are protecting any vulnerable person from harm."

County lines is a term used to describe gangs, groups or drug networks that supply drugs from urban to suburban areas across the country, using dedicated mobile phone lines or "deal lines". Offenders exploit children and vulnerable adults to move the drugs and money, and to store the drugs in local properties.

The gangs will take over a property within a town, often belonging to someone who is vulnerable, in a process known as 'cuckooing' and are known to use intimidation, violence and weapons.

More information about county lines can be found here: www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Drug-networking

If you think somebody is involved in county lines please report it here: www.cambs.police.uk/report/Concern
