```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: New noise equipment will help officers tackle anti-social motorists across the county.
publish:
  date: 13 Aug 2020
title: Noise equipment to tackle anti-social motorists
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/noisy-exhausts
```

New noise equipment will help officers tackle anti-social motorists across the county.

Cambridgeshire Constabulary has purchased two state-of-the-art sound monitoring equipment kits which will alert officers at the roadside if an exhaust is too loud.

Officers will be holding the first day of action with the new equipment on Saturday targeting hotspot areas based on information reported to the force.

The legal limit for cars is 80 decibels and it is illegal to modify an exhaust to be louder than this.

Motorists could be given a £50 Fixed Penalty Notice for either failure to maintain the system or use of a vehicle with an altered system or excessive noise.

PC Kurt Allen said: "Noise pollution is a concern for many people living in our villages, towns and cities.

"Using funds from the Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) we have purchased new state-of-the-art sound monitoring equipment that will tell us in seconds, at the roadside, if an exhaust is too loud.

"We'll be targeting hotspot areas as well as car cruises across the county. Fines will be issued to help reduce anti-social motorists and make our communities quieter, safer places to live."

If there is an area you would like us to target or to report anti-social motorists in your area, get in touch.
