```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order allows police to move people on from a certain area
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019
title: Dispersal order passes without incident
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dispersal-order-cambridgeshire-car-meet
```

A dispersal order encompassing the whole of Cambridgeshire was in place this weekend in a bid to reduce crime and disorder.

The order, which enabled police to move people on from an area where they suspected their behaviour was anti-social, was in place between 5pm on Saturday (5 October) and 10am on Sunday (6 October).

The measure has been taken by local policing teams in response to information about a large car meet in Peterborough, which has the potential to move to other areas of the county.

No dispersal orders were issued during the time it was in place and car enthusiasts were on good form, engaging with officers.

As a result of the operation, ten vehicles were stopped at the meet in Oundle Road, Peterborough which led to three traffic offence reports being issued for: driving with no MOT, driving whilst using a mobile phone and having unsuitable lights.

Inspector Karl Secker said: "We were aware of the planned event in Peterborough which had the potential to move across the county and form into anti-social driving.

"The dispersal order gave us the power to stop individuals from doing so before problems started to arise.

"On this occasion, we did not need to use the dispersal powers as most of these participating behaved sensibly.

"We would thank those who attended the event for abiding by the rules of the 'static' meet."
