```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A would-be burglar who fled the country in a bid to evade prosecution has been jailed almost six years later.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2021
title: Jail for would-be burglar who fled the country
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-would-be-burglar-who-fled-the-country
```

A would-be burglar who fled the country in a bid to evade prosecution has been jailed almost six years later.

Miroslav Bandy, 24, was caught in the act attempting to burgle a house in Cobden Street, Peterborough, on 23 April 2015.

At just before 4am, Bandy attempted to pull open the ground floor window, which was slightly open, when it smashed and alerted the homeowner.

As the victim looked out of an upstairs window, Bandy ran off through the garden in the direction of Gladstone Street.

Police enquiries identified Bandy via fingerprint evidence on the window of the property and he was arrested on 15 May.

Bandy was charged with attempted burglary, however, while on court bail he fled to his home country of Slovakia.

He was detained at Luton Airport on 20 December last year when he arrived back to the UK.

Bandy, of Clarence Road, Peterborough, admitted attempted burglary and breach of bail and was sentenced to 12 months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (11 February).

**Detective Inspector Dave Taylor said** : "Bandy did all he could to escape prosecution for almost six years but I am pleased he will now finally face justice for his actions.

"Tackling burglary is a force priority and we will continue to do all we can to target offenders and bring them to justice."
