```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar who was caught on CCTV using stolen bank cards has been sectioned.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2018
title: Cambridge burglar caught on CCTV
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/James-Brudenell
```

A burglar who was caught on CCTV using stolen bank cards has been sectioned.

James Brudenell, 36, of no fixed address, entered a house in Newmarket Road between about 11pm on 22 October last year (2017) and 1.10am the following morning (23 October) by climbing through a window which had been left slightly ajar.

At about 4.30am the occupants discovered the sash window had been fully opened and wallets and a laptop stolen.

They contacted their banks and were told their cards had been used at a number of locations in the area that morning, including a BP garage, Sainsbury's, Waitrose and a newsagents, so they reported it to police.

On reviewing CCTV of the locations, the same man was seen to be at the garage twice, as well as the two supermarkets. He was later identified by officers as being Brudenell.

James Brudenell

The day before the burglary (21 October) Brudenell was also captured on CCTV inside a block of flats in Riverside Place having somehow entered the building despite it being a coded entry for the block.

He was seen looking around and down the stairwell, before searching through his bag and trying the door handle of a flat but left after failing to get in.

On 1 November he was arrested and later charged with dwelling burglary and theft, attempted burglary with intent to steal, and four counts of fraud by false representation.

He admitted the offences at a hearing earlier this year and yesterday (Thursday, 4 October) appeared at Cambridge Crown Court and was sectioned indefinitely under the Mental Health Act.

Detective Constable John Collinson said: "Tackling burglary is a priority for the force as it is a crime which can have devastating effects on families.

"Brudenell admitted what he had done and accepts that it was wrong. He will now be getting the help and support he needs to turn his life around."
