```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A \u201Clonely\u201D man who admitted sending sexual messages to children as young as 13 has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2020
title: "\u201CLonely\u201D man admits child sex offences"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/lonely-man-admits-child-sex-offences
```

A "lonely" man who admitted sending sexual messages to children as young as 13 has been sentenced.

David Butt, 54, sent friend requests on Facebook to boys aged between 13 and 20.

Any who accepted him would immediately be sent messages of a sexual nature, including naked pictures of himself.

Many of the messages contained indications that he would travel in order to meet the boys despite several repeatedly stating they were children.

Butt was arrested on 3 January last year and, following a lengthy investigation, was charged with two counts of inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of engaging in sexual communication with a child.

In interview Butt said he was "so sorry" and that he only messaged the boys when he was "lonely" as he found it hard to make friends.

Butt, of Wisbech Road, March, pleaded guilty to all three offences and was sentenced yesterday (11 June) at Peterborough Crown Court.

He was sentenced to two years in prison, suspended for two years. He also received a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for 10 years, placed on the Sex Offenders Register for 10 years, destruction of his phone and ordered to pay £819 in costs.

Detective Sergeant Brian Dilloway said: "This has been a lengthy investigation spanning several counties.

"Cases like this highlight why it is so important for children to be aware of their online safety and not to accept requests from people they don't know."

For information and advice regarding sexual offences and child abuse visit www.cambs.police.uk/childprotection.

To make a report about a concern you can do this online at www.cambs.police.uk/reportconcern or call 101 to speak with a member of staff.
