```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A registered sex offender has been sentenced after using an alias on two dating sites to have sexual conversations.
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: Registered sex offender used dating sites
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/registered-sex-offender-used-dating-sites-2
```

A registered sex offender has been sentenced after using an alias on two dating sites to have sexual conversations.

Robbie Aylott, 25, attended Thorpe Wood Police Station on 23 September as part of routine weekly appointments for being on the Sex Offenders Register.

During these routine appointments Aylott is interviewed by officers from the northern Public Protection Unit (PPU). On this occasion he brought a new mobile phone with him for inspection, which is a requirement of his Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO).

A check of the phone showed a screenshot from a dating site front page. On further inspection it was found Aylott had created accounts on two dating sites, Love Swans and Victoria Hearts, using an alias to conceal his real identity.

Additionally, officers found he had deleted his internet history, which included sexual conversations he had engaged with on the platforms with adult women. He had also not made clear his age on the platforms, all of which are direct breaches of his SHPO.

Aylott, from Dogsthorpe in Peterborough, was placed on the Sex Offenders Register and made subject of a SHPO in 2014 after being convicted of engaging in sexual activity with a child.

He pleaded guilty to two counts of breaching a SHPO and failing to comply with notification requirements of the Sex Offenders Register at Peterborough Crown Court today (6 July).

He was sentenced to six months in prison, suspended for 18 months, 35 days Rehabilitation Activity Requirement, 100 hours unpaid work and ordered to pay £350 in prosecution costs.

Detective Sergeant Paul Stimpson, from the northern PPU, said: "This case shows the importance of the SHPO and how diligent our officers have to be to make sure every single requirement is being adhered to."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence and could be posing a risk to someone can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found on the force website.
