```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A pair of county lines drug dealers will be spending Christmas in prison.
publish:
  date: 24 Dec 2020
title: Prison for out of county dealers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/OlaojoDaniels
```

A pair of county lines drug dealers will be spending Christmas in prison.

In August Iretomiwa Olaojo was travelling into Cambridge from London to deal crack cocaine and heroin alongside Glen Daniels.

Daniels was spotted driving around the city with Olaojo in the back on 16 August by the southern Neighbourhood Support Team.

They were followed after officers discovered the vehicle was registered as a hire car from Suffolk and it wasn't long before they witnessed the vehicle stop and someone jump in the back with Olaojo for about 20 seconds.

The vehicle then drove off but was stopped by police and the pair were arrested. No drugs were found but three mobile phones and about £96 in cash was seized.

On Tuesday (22 December) at Peterborough Crown Court, Olaojo, 20, of Homerton Road, London, was sentenced to 31 months in prison after previously pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin and possession of criminal property.

Daniels, 45, of Beale Close, Bury St Edmunds, was jailed for 22 months after previously pleading guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

PC Nathan Stuart from the Neighbourhood Support Team, said: "Investigations into this pair revealed they had no reason to be visiting Cambridge and the evidence from their mobile phones suggested they were only visiting to deal drugs.

"Tackling county lines drug dealing is a priority for us and we're committed to bringing dealers to justice and safeguarding the vulnerable people they prey on."
