```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after he stabbed his step-son in a drunken rage.
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2021
title: Man jailed for drunken attack on step-son
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-drunken-attack-on-step-son-March2021
```

A man has been jailed after he stabbed his step-son in a drunken rage.

Vjaceslavs Lutinskis, 45, attacked the victim after having drunk throughout the day on 21 December 2019 at the family home in Sandford, Peterborough.

It came after the victim offered to take the Lutinskis' heavily intoxicated father (victim's step-grandfather) to bed.

Enraged, Lutinskis started pushing his step-son before grabbing a knife from the kitchen counter and stabbing him in the side.

He walked from the kitchen to the living room where he was arrested by officers shortly afterwards.

The victim was rushed to hospital to receive urgent treatment while Lutinskis refused to speak to officers. However, he later admitted charges of GBH with intent and wounding and was jailed for a year and 10 months at Peterborough Crown Court last Monday (15 March).

DC James Campbell said: "This is yet another example of the drastic consequences of picking up a knife.

"What could have been a minor altercation ended up resulting in a prison sentence and a serious injury.

"The victim's injuries were severe, but could have been much worse."

Know someone who carries a weapon? Please help us tackle serious street based violence and report it to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
