```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Men caught on CCTV before ransacking home
publish:
  date: 1 May 2018
title: Burglary pair locked up
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/burglary_jail_melbourn
```

Two men have been jailed for a burglary in which thousands of pounds worth of items were stolen.

Kevin Day (pictured), 48, and Graham Willis, 57, walked up to the property in Back Lane, Melbourn, on 19 October last year before masking their faces and kicking their way in through a rear door.

But they had been caught on CCTV before covering their faces and Willis was identified by a police officer.

The men continued into the home where they ransacked a bedroom, turning out wardrobes and drawers. A watch worth thousands of pounds was taken, along with cash, digital tablets, mobile phones, and other watches.

Willis, of Milton Close, Royston, was arrested in Hertfordshire on 1 November and remanded in custody, however Day, of Clear Crescent, Melbourn, went on to commit another burglary in Newmarket Road, Melbourn, on 16 November.

This time he again broke in through a door but was disturbed by a builder working at the property.

Day claimed to have disturbed two burglars himself and even gave descriptions and spoke to police over the builder's mobile phone, giving a false name.

However, Day then made off along the A505 towards Royston and was seen driving away in a blue Mondeo.

Later that day he was stopped by police in Station Road, Meldreth, and arrested.

Willis and Day both denied the first burglary and Day also denied the second, however, both pleaded guilty on their first day of trial and were today (1 May) jailed at Peterborough Crown Court.

They both received three-and-a-half year sentences for the first burglary, while Day received an extra three months for the second, to run consecutively.

DC Martyn Willis, who investigated, said: "These offences showed Willis and Day had no respect for other people's property. They denied the offences, despite the CCTV evidence, right to the last and only came clean as they were about to stand trial.

"Burglary is a crime that has a devastating effect on victims and it is a force priority to catch offenders and put them before the courts."

In March the force launched Operation Aware, which is tackling burglary by targeting offenders and urging homeowners to take "one more step" to improve their home security.

Visit https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Burglary for burglary prevention advice.
