```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A drug dealer who claimed he was \u201Clooking for an open restaurant\u201D when he was stopped by police during the Covid-19 lockdown has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 6 Jul 2020
title: "Drug dealer caught while \u201Clooking for an open restaurant\u201D during lockdown"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-dealer-caught-while-looking-for-an-open-restaurant-during-lockdown
```

A drug dealer who claimed he was "looking for an open restaurant" when he was stopped by police during the Covid-19 lockdown has been sentenced.

Mohammed Osman, 19, was travelling in a Vauxhall Astra along Sturton Street, Cambridge, at just after 1am on 10 April when police stopped the car.

Officers became suspicious and detained Osman after he claimed he was looking for an open restaurant, despite being on a residential street and all restaurants being closed as part of the national lockdown.

As Osman got out the car he admitted he had a hammer and a knife on him before officers found him in possession of more than £220 in cash and two tubs of Vaseline.

He was taken to Parkside Police Station for a further search which resulted in 52 wraps of heroin and crack cocaine, with an estimated street value of more than £500, being found in his underwear.

Osman, of no fixed abode, was sentenced to 15 months in a young offender's institute, suspended for two years, on Wednesday (1 July) at Peterborough Crown Court after pleading guilty to two counts of possessing a class A drug with intent to supply, possessing an offensive weapon in a public place and possessing a bladed article in a public place.

He was also handed a 40-day rehabilitation activity requirement and must complete 100 hours of unpaid work.

DC Louisa Abbott, who investigated, said: "Osman tried to pull a fast one on officers but instead only heightened their suspicions.

"Drugs can have a devastating impact on individuals and communities, often going hand-in-hand with other types of criminality."

For more information about drug dealing and how you can report it, visit https://bit.ly/31A62Pu.
