```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Staff from across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire were honoured at a Joint Protective Services (JPS) awards ceremony held at Hertfordshire police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on 8 November.
publish:
  date: 15 Nov 2017
title: Joint Protective Services honour dedication and bravery
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/JPS-awards-2017
```

Staff from across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire were honoured at a Joint Protective Services (JPS) awards ceremony held at Hertfordshire police headquarters in Welwyn Garden City on 8 November.

ACC Paul Fullwood, who leads JPS, was joined by guests of honour Chief Constable Jon Boutcher and Deputy Chief Constable Garry Forsyth from Bedfordshire Police to give each recipient an ACC's Commendation.

Around 1,000 officers and staff from the three forces work together within JPS in the following units: Armed Policing Unit, Cameras Tickets & Collisions, Civil Contingencies Unit, Dog Unit, Major Crime Unit, Operational Planning Support Unit, Roads Policing Unit, Automatic Number Plate Recognition, Forensic Collision Investigation Unit and Scientific Services Unit.

On the night ACC Fullwood said: "It is with huge pride and great pleasure that I stand in front of you and have the honour of taking you on a journey this evening which will showcase the bravery, dedication and commitment of the officers and staff within JPS. Tonight is both a celebration of those who have gone the extra mile and an opportunity to say a big thank you to you and to your family and friends who offer such fantastic support."

The first ACCs Commendations were awarded to Katrina Curtis, who was a PC at the time of the incident and Special Constable Benjamin Ross for their actions when they responded to an incident in which a woman was fatally stabbed in her own home in Hemel Hempstead on 14 September, 2015.

A man had forced his way into Nicola Cross's home and attacked her before attempting to take her two children, who had been in the house at the time. He was detained in the garden and subsequently sentenced to a hospital order having pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

The next group of people to be honoured were those who responded to a collision in Cambridgeshire on 28 May, 2017. Sergeants Chris Smith and Peter Scholes along with PC Stuart Appleton were patrolling roads around an air show in Duxford when they were made aware of a serious injury collision on the A505 near to the junction with Gravel Pit Hill. A motorcycle had collided with a vehicle in front before colliding with a tipper style transit van.

The officers made their way to the scene along with Kevin Rawlins, who was the event traffic controller, to assist with first aid. Sergeant Smith also assisted in setting an emergency plan for the public to exit the air show.

The prompt actions of the four officers and Mr Rawlins without a doubt contributed to saving the life of the injured motorcyclist who was not expected to survive his injuries, and the plan that was implemented ensured that the event could continue with minimum disruption to other members of the public both in the event and the local community. The officers received their awards on the night however, Mr Rawlins wasn't able to attend.

The next set of awards were presented to officers who had attended a domestic incident in Kempston on 1 January, 2017.

The incident involved a man with a weapon. PC Daniel Almond, who was a Special Constable at the time of the incident, was first to arrive. The suspect subsequently pointed an air weapon at him and he called for backup. Colleagues from the firearms and dog units attended and contained the premises. They entered the house and the man swung a spear at them. He was subsequently detained without further incident and has since been sentenced to 12 months imprisonment for the possession of a firearm with intent and six months for the affray, to run concurrently.

The following were among those awarded ACCs Commendations in relation to this incident:

• PC Andy Martin

• PC Ryan Donaldson

• PC Graham Ashby and PD Ciav

• PC Daniel Almond

A number of officers were commended for their work to investigate a fatal collision which occurred in Buckinghamshire on 31 July, 2016.

The officers were called upon to independently investigate the incident as officers from the local force had been present at the time of the collision.

Those who were honoured were:

• Sergeant Karl McDermott

• PC Andy Ralph

• PC Stephen Goates

• PC Nathan Cattley

• PC Jim Norton

DC Jo-Anne Kerr from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit received an award following the conviction of a doctor who abused his position of trust to sexually exploit three patients in his care.

Following a long and complex case the man was sentenced in September 2016 to two-and-a-half years in prison and was required to sign the Sex Offenders Register upon his release from prison.

The final award of the evening was presented to Sergeant Craig Wheeler for working tirelessly and for demonstrating effective leadership in supporting Joint Protective Services whilst working with the command team over a 15-month period. He was also honoured for his commitment, support and professionalism to JPS.

ACC Fullwood said: "JPS officers and staff work tirelessly supporting the excellent work undertaken by colleagues from the three forces and it is right we are able to commend the fantastic work they do.

"Congratulations to all those who received a commendation, they are truly deserved."
