```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Liam Donovan
publish:
  date: 16 Oct 2020
title: Man sentenced for violent pub attack
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/liam-donovan-cambridge-attack-court-report
```

A man from Cambridge has been sentenced after an attack in a pub which left the victim unconscious.

Liam Donovan, 25 of Eastfield, Cambridge, was talking to a woman in The Grapes, in Histon Road, Cambridge, when an argument broke out between them at about 11.30pm on 9 June 2017.

Overhearing this, the victim, who was in his 50s, intervened and asked Donovan to calm down.

As the victim left the pub Donovan punched him in the back of the head, causing him to fall forwards unconscious on the pavement. When others came to his aid Donovan made his escape.

Donovan was arrested the following day after a short vehicle pursuit in Cambridge city centre that ended when the car he was driving collided with a steel bollard in Burleigh Street.

He ran from the scene of the collision and was chased by officers to Brandon Court where he was detained.

Donovan appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on 12 March where he was found guilty of inflicting grievous bodily harm without intent.

He was sentenced yesterday (15 October) at Cambridge Crown Court where he was handed 21 months in prison, suspended for two years. He was also ordered to complete a 45-day rehabilitation activity requirement and a six-month alcohol treatment programme.

Donovan was made the subject of a three-month curfew, between 8pm and 6am, and ordered to pay £500 in compensation to his victim.

DC Terry Bandoo said: "This was an unprovoked attack on someone who was just trying to defuse an argument. It has left the victim understandably shaken.

"This is an example of how a split-second decision can have serious consequences."

For more information on the different types of assault and their maximum penalties, visit our website https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Assault
