```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Residents across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire can get a better understanding of...
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2018
title: Twitter shines a light into the world of Tri-force Operational Policing Support
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Twitter-shines-a-light-into-the-world-of-Tri-force-Operational-Policing-Support-ALL
```

* ### Get an insight into how specialist police units respond to incidents.

 * ### Unit leads on boat and water searches.

 * ### See how volunteers get involved in supporting searches.

Residents across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire can get a better understanding of the specialist work undertaken by the Operational Support Unit team through their new twitter account which launches today.

The 12 strong unit has a wide remit and supports the three forces in a number of key policing areas such as Search operations (including boat and water search capability), public order training, chemical incident response, deployment of drones and operational support/planning.

Inspector Iain Clark, who runs the operational side of the unit which is based in Alconbury (Cambridge), explained: "The team gets involved in a diverse range of operations and initiatives every day and we wanted the public to get a better understanding of what we do. We assist every day in the search for missing people and provide expertise in areas that help train and protect front-line colleagues in a variety of situations. We aim to use Twitter to showcase our work and celebrate success.

"We also work closely with a large number of police volunteers particularly with our search work and wanted to acknowledge this really important effort through social media."

You can follow the team @BCH_OPSU

Please note that the Twitter account is not for reporting crime. If you have any information on incidents, please call 101 for non-emergencies and 999 if life is in danger or a crime is in progress.
