```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Members of the Special Constabulary in Peterborough stopped 19 vehicles for speeding over the weekend.
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: Peterborough officers crack down on speeding
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/peterborough-officers-crack-down-on-speeding
```

Members of the Special Constabulary in Peterborough stopped 19 vehicles for speeding over the weekend.

Officers spent time in six locations around Peterborough conducting speed checks and issuing Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) to those who were not abiding by the laws.

Davids Lane in Werrington showed the highest number of speeding motorists, with six drivers stopped for excess speed.

Officers also conducted checks in Maxey, Bretton Way, Peterborough Road in Eye, Loves Hill in Castor and Atherstone Avenue.

Out of the 19 drivers stopped, three were given a TOR and the others were given words of advice.

SC Sara Mclean said: "We will always look to tackle those who choose to put themselves and our communities in danger by driving over the speed limit.

"Speeding is a common cause of injuries and deaths on our roads and we are working exceptionally hard as a police force to make the roads a safer place for everyone.

"With the roads starting to get busier, I would urge motorists to slow down, drive to the conditions and remember that the limit is not a target."

Motorists are urged to take the following advice:

 * Don't be tempted to speed because there is less traffic or you're running late. There is no excuse for driving over the limit.
 * Brake before the bend, not on it.
 * When driving on rural roads, remember that you don't know what hazards could be around the corner.
 * Drive to the condition of the roads - wet or icy roads can dramatically increase stopping distances.
 * Just a few miles per hour can mean the difference between life and death. The faster someone is driving, the less time they have to stop if something unexpected happens.

For more information please visit https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Road-safety/Speeding.

If you would like to know more about our Special Constabulary and becoming a volunteer police officer, please visit https://bit.ly/2BPts8A.
