```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A family have offered a \xA35,000 reward after irreplaceable family heirlooms were stolen in a burglary."
publish:
  date: 3 Oct 2019
title: Stolen jewellery appeal
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stolen-jewellery-appeal-trumpington
```

A family have offered a £5,000 reward after irreplaceable family heirlooms were stolen in a burglary.

Among the stolen items were a pair of bespoke earrings that were given to the victim by her mother on her deathbed.

The victim, a woman in her 50s, said: "We are completely heartbroken. The financial value of the stolen items does not come close to the sentimental value.

"Some of the stolen jewellery is more than 150 years old and has been passed down through my family for generations.

"They even took a locket with a picture of my mum who is no longer with us."

The burglary took place at an address in Trumpington between 5pm on Friday and 9am on Saturday.

A patio window was smashed and the house was ransacked, with no jewellery left behind.

The victim added: "Since the burglary I have not been able to go back into my own bedroom as the thought of a stranger rummaging through my clothes is horrifying.

"My 90-year-old father is distraught, as many of the items belonged to my mum and were handed down to me when she passed away."

Det Sgt James Rabbett said: "The stolen items are very distinctive and we believe they are unique. I would urge anyone who comes across them to report it immediately so we can return them to their rightful owner."

The reward will be given to anyone who provides information that results in the recovery and safe return of the stolen jewellery.

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 quoting 35/69749/19 or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report.
