```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A woman launched a \u201Cbrutal\u201D attack on her elderly mother, leaving her bloody and bruised."
publish:
  date: 23 Mar 2021
title: Woman brutally attacked elderly mother
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/woman-brutally-attacked-elderly-mother
```

A woman launched a "brutal" attack on her elderly mother, leaving her bloody and bruised.

Kim Hunt, 54, was at her 82-year-old mother's home in Peterborough and had been drinking throughout the evening when an argument broke out at just after midnight.

The victim told Hunt she was tired and went to her room to lay down, but Hunt followed and continued the argument.

Hunt repeatedly punched her mother in the head and pulled her hair but stopped after realising she was bleeding heavily.

She told her mother she would call an ambulance but then left the room and went outside into the garden instead.

The victim locked her daughter in the garden before escaping via the front door and seeking refuge at a neighbour's house.

Police were called but Hunt left the area before officers arrived.

The victim was taken to hospital with facial bruising and a cut to her head following the attack in the early hours of 19 December but has since made a full recovery.

Hunt, of Bellamy Court, Peterborough, was quickly arrested that morning and subsequently pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm without intent.

She was sentenced to one year and four months in prison, suspended for two years, at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (22 March).

DC Amanda Pickering said: "This was a brutal attack on an elderly woman in her own home.

"I cannot comprehend how someone could inflict such horrific injuries on their own mother for no real reason.

"However, I am pleased the victim has since recovered and Hunt has been brought to justice.

"This case highlights that domestic abuse comes in many different forms but shows our complete commitment to safeguarding all victims and bringing offenders to court."

For more information on domestic abuse and support available visit our dedicated web pages.
