```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man from Peterborough was caught by an online activist group when he attempted to start sexual conversations with two people he thought were underage girls.
publish:
  date: 9 Dec 2020
title: Paedophile caught by online activist group
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Paedophile-caught-by-online-activist-group
```

A man from Peterborough was caught by an online activist group when he attempted to start sexual conversations with two people he thought were underage girls.

Anthony Chapman, 45, contacted the first 'girl' on 22 August, 2018, via Facebook.

The 'girl' stated she was 13 years-old, but Chapman asked her to switch to a webcam and started sexualised conversations with her.

He persisted by contacting the account again on 25 August to ask the 'girl' to show him her breasts and then performed an indecent act when communicating with her on 2 September.

In the meantime, on 16 August Chapman added another account as a 'friend' that had been set up by the online child activist group - this time posing as a 14-year-old girl.

On 15 September he contacted the second 'girl' and asked to move their conversation onto a webcam, before again performing an indecent act.

At this point a member of the activist group used a phone number provided by Chapman to contact him, pretending to be a delivery driver with a parcel for him.

Chapman confirmed his address and on 23 September was confronted by the group, who then contacted police.

Chapman was arrested and his home searched. Examination of various electronic devices revealed 24 indecent images of children. Three of these images were category A - the most severe. Another 32 images were discovered that were not illegal, but suggested a sexual interest in children.

In interview Chapman, who is from the Eastfield area of Peterborough, claimed he knew the accounts were actually adults, but initiated the conversations because "he thought it would be funny."

He went on to plead guilty to two counts of attempting to incite a girl aged 13 to 15 to engage in sexual activity and three of making indecent photographs of a child.

Yesterday (8 December) at Peterborough Crown Court, Chapman was sentenced to seven months in prison, suspended for two years. He was also handed a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order and placed on the Sex Offenders Register for 10 years.

DC Ahmed Ishaq said: "Chapman's behaviour was disgraceful. In interview he claimed he knew the accounts were in fact adult men, but I find that very difficult to believe.

"The Sexual Harm Prevention Order restricts Chapman's use of the internet, access to electronic devices and means officers will be able to conduct regular unannounced checks at his home.

"We are committed to doing all we can to protect the county's children."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to a child, can apply for disclosure information through Sarah's Law.
