```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating two distraction burglaries are urging the public to be suspicious of visitors at their doors and look out for loved ones.
publish:
  date: 9 Jun 2020
title: Distraction burglars targeting vulnerable residents
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/distraction-burglars-targeting-vulnerable-residents
```

Detectives investigating two distraction burglaries are urging the public to be suspicious of visitors at their doors and look out for loved ones.

A man in his 80s was burgled on Saturday (6 June) after letting a man, who claimed to be there to cut down a hedge, into his home in Manor Court, Witchford.

The victim paid the man £20 and, while he went to get him a drink, the man picked up a jar containing an estimated £60 in cash and left.

Last month a woman, who is in her 60s, had £2,000 worth of cash and jewellery stolen after two men persuaded her to let them into her home in Russell Court, Cambridge, to fix her water pipes.

DS Ashely Ryan, of the force's southern burglary team, said: "Distraction burglars use lies to gain access to homes, often pretending to be there to carry out work in order to gain the victim's trust before stealing money or valuables.

"I'm urging the public to look out for family, friends or neighbours who could be considered vulnerable.

"In the meantime, we are working tirelessly to identify those responsible and bring them to justice."

To reduce the risk of becoming the victim of a distraction burglar or rogue trader, always remember:

LOCK - Is your back door locked? If not, lock it before you answer the front door as distraction burglars often work in pairs - one distracts, while the other steals.

STOP - Are you expecting anybody?

CHAIN - Put this on before you open the door. If you have not got one, it is a worthwhile investment. It will give you that extra 'safe space' and barrier between you and the caller.

CHECK - Ask for their identification card, take it and look at it carefully. Close the door and check the number in the phone book - not the number on the card. If they are genuine they will not mind waiting or coming back another day.

If you are not expecting any visitors to your home, do not let them in. More advice can be found on the force website: https://bit.ly/36lwYCE
