```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who died after a collision in Southgate Way, Peterborough, in the early hours of yesterday (26 May) morning has been named by police.
publish:
  date: 27 May 2020
title: 'Southgate Way fatal : man named'
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/southgate-way-fatal-man-named
```

A man who died after a collision in Southgate Way, Peterborough, in the early hours of yesterday (26 May) morning has been named by police.

The collision, which involved a Vauxhall Astra and Mercedes Sprinter, happened at about 1.40am.

Officers and paramedics attended to provide first aid but a passenger in the Astra, Alexander Edney, 44, of Romsey Close, Aldershot, Hampshire, died at the scene.

The driver of the vehicle fled the area on foot before emergency services arrived.

Later, two women, aged 27 and 35, who are believed to have been in the Astra were arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and kidnap. Both were taken to Peterborough City Hospital for treatment.

The 27-year-old woman, from Kent remains in Peterborough City Hospital with serious, but not life threatening injuries. The second woman, who is from Peterborough, is now in custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station.

Three men aged 24, 37 and 41 were arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender. They have since been released under investigation.

The family of Mr Edney have shared the following statement:

"Alex was a loving son, grandson, dad and brother.

"He was a good friend to many, always willing to help others and he will be sorely missed by all who knew him."

An investigation into the cause of the collision is ongoing. Anyone who witnessed the incident, or who may have dashcam footage, should call 101 quoting ref: 52 of 26 May. Alternatively, you can report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report.
