```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Kathryn Watkins, 35, got a taxi from the scene of the fatal collision
publish:
  date: 29 Oct 2020
title: Drug driver left friend to die in back seat
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/kathryn-watkins-peterborough-fatal-collision-sentencing
```

A drug driver who collided head-on with a van and then fled the scene leaving one of her passengers to die in the back seat has been jailed.

Kathryn Watkins, 35, of no fixed abode, called her friend Alex Edney on the afternoon of 25 May and asked him to give her a lift from Hastings to Peterborough.

Mr Edney and his friend immediately drove to pick Watkins and another woman up, who both sat in the back of the car.

With Mr Edney driving the group made their way towards Peterborough, but Watkins began to get agitated at how long the journey was taking.

At a service station on the M25 Watkins swapped to be the driver but after a road rage incident Mr Edney asked her to pull over and the pair swapped again.

Watkins continued to be angry, but when told by Mr Edney's friend to calm down, she stood up in the rear of car and punched him in the face at least four times.

The man asked Mr Edney to stop the car and left the vehicle, before the remaining group of three continued their journey.

At 1.23am the following morning (26 May) the man received a text from Mr Edney asking him for help as Watkins was once again in the driving seat. Cell site analysis tracked Mr Edney's phone onto the A1M near Sawtry.

Two minutes later the man called police and officers found him by the side of the road on the A1307.

Less than 20 minutes later, at 1.42am, police were called to reports of a head-on collision between a Vauxhall Astra and a Mercedes Sprinter van. The witness also told officers that two women had fled the scene on foot leaving a man in the back of the car behind, who was struggling to breathe.

Watkins and her friend called a taxi five minutes later and were taken to Peterborough. The driver described Watkins as being "very angry and swearing".

Officers and paramedics arrived at the location of the crash at an industrial estate on Southgate Way, Peterborough, and Mr Edney, 44, of Romsey Close, Aldershot, Hampshire, was declared dead at the scene.

### "Sorely missed by all who knew him"

In a statement released at the time his family said: "Alex was a loving son, grandson, dad and brother. He was a good friend to many, always willing to help others and he will be sorely missed by all who knew him."

At 2.40am, police received a call from the ambulance service requesting help at a house in Fellows Gardens, Peterborough.

Police attended and found Watkins with a suspected broken wrist and her friend with suspected broken ribs. Both were taken to hospital as a precaution and later arrested in relation to the fatal collision.

Watkins suffered severe bruising to her ankle, left forearm, chest and thigh. Her friend was left with a broken arm.

When remanded in custody Watkins had a blood test which revealed she was over the legal alcohol limit to drive.

The blood test also showed that the levels of Benzoylecgonine, a cocaine breakdown product, were approximately 800 microgrammes per 100 millilitres of blood. The legal limit is 50 microgrammes.

Watkins was later charged with causing death by dangerous driving, causing death by driving a vehicle while uninsured, failing to stop and common assault. Her friend faced no further action.

Watkins pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving, causing serious Injury by dangerous driving and common assault at Peterborough Crown Court today (29 October).

She was sentenced on the same day, where Judge Sean Enright handed her 10 years in prison. She was also disqualified from driving for 12 years.

### **"A serious collision was inevitable"**

Sergeant Mark Dollard, of the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: "Watkins was on an inevitable path of destruction that night and a serious collision was inevitable.

"Her driving was truly atrocious; she knew she had consumed alcohol and drugs but selfishly gave no regard for the safety of others.

"Watkins' actions after the collision were even more horrendous. She gave no care as to the extent of Mr Edney's injuries, showing more concern for her belongings than that of another human being who was supposed to be her friend.

"She then fled the scene prior to police arrival, without ever checking on Mr Edney who lay dying in the back of the car.

"It was only through hard work that the police were able to find Watkins and build a case that left her with no option but to plead guilty today.

"Drink and drug driving is illegal, dangerous and risks lives - this case is yet another reminder of that.

"People can help us make the roads of Cambridgeshire safer for everyone by confidentially reporting others they suspect of driving while under the influence."

### Report drink or drug drivers anonymously

The force operates a dedicated, confidential hotline for members of the public to report drink or drug driving.

The hotline: 0800 032 0845 is available 24/7, and gives people the chance to supply the police with information to help reduce the number of drink or drug drivers on the county's roads.

For more information about drink or drug driving, the law and the dangers it can cause, as well as the confidential hotline, visit the force's dedicated web page on driving under the influence.
