```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Peterborough drug dealer has been jailed for three years thanks to a call from a member of the public.
publish:
  date: 10 Feb 2020
title: Drug dealer jailed for more than three years
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-dealer-jailed-for-three-years
```

A Peterborough drug dealer has been jailed for three years thanks to a call from a member of the public.

Wasim Ahmed, 25, was reported to police at 7.50pm on 12 January last year after a member of the public witnessed what appeared to be a drug deal in a car park in Thorpe Wood, Peterborough.

It was reported that Ahmed, the driver of a grey people carrier, was in possession of a bag containing white powder.

Officers in an unmarked police car followed Ahmed, who began driving in the opposite direction of Oundle Road.

He drove along Ham Lane where he was pulled over.

When Ahmed stopped, he threw an item out of the car and discarded a latex glove containing several bags of white powder, which was later identified as 13.15grams of cocaine.

A search of Ahmed and the vehicle uncovered three mobile phones, keys to four vehicles and £3298 in cash.

He was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

During police interview, Ahmed denied any knowledge of the drugs and stated it did not belong to him.

Ahmed, of no fixed abode, initially denied charges of possession with intent to supply class A drugs but pleaded guilty to the offence on the first day of his trial. He was sentenced to three years and two months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court on Tuesday (4 February).

DC Ash Morgan said: "Drug dealing is often connected to an array of associated crimes and has a devastating impact on communities.

"Thanks to a call from a member of the public and the quick reactions of the officers in the area, Ahmed was caught red handed and I am pleased we have been able to bring him before the courts.

"I hope this sentence highlights how robustly drug dealing is dealt with by the police and the courts."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report it online at www.cambs.police.uk/Report or call 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
