```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who targeted elderly and vulnerable people and conned them out of their money has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 10 Dec 2020
title: "\u201CBrazen\u201D con man stole hundreds from elderly victims"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Brazen-con-man-stole-hundreds-from-elderly-victims
```

A man who targeted elderly and vulnerable people and conned them out of their money has been jailed.

Anthony Atkins, 44, visited nine elderly people in Peterborough over a four-week period and claimed they owned him money for works he had carried out on their homes.

A few days before Christmas last year, Atkins visited the home of an elderly man in Smallwood, Westwood, Peterborough, and asked him for £200 for some repairs he had carried out to his guttering. The man gave him the money, believing the works had been done.

Atkins returned the following day and asked for another £150 for some additional work he claimed to have carried out while clearing the gutters the previous day. The man handed over the cash.

Atkins then returned for a third day, but was told to leave by the victim's son who happened to be visiting and had spoken to his father about what had happened.

On 4 January, Atkins visited the home of an elderly woman in Holdfield, Westwood, Peterborough. He claimed he had cleaned her gutters and needed to collect the money. He offered her a doughnut before following her into her home without permission after she went inside to get her purse.

She handed over £60 and Atkins left.

He returned to the property the next day, but was surprised when the victim's daughter answered the door instead. He said he'd got the wrong address and left.

Over the coming weeks, Atkins approached many more elderly people in their homes and even in the street and claimed they owed him money for cleaning their windows and gutters. He managed to swindle a total of nearly £500.

Atkins, of Swanspool, Westwood, Peterborough, was sentenced to three years in prison at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (9 December) for five counts of fraud, two counts of theft and five counts of breaching a criminal behaviour order.

A further four counts of fraud, two counts of burglary and six counts of breaching a criminal behaviour order were ordered to lie on file.

DC Tom Hunt, who investigated, said: "Atkins is a prolific and brazen con man who will do all he can to get money from his victims.

"He deliberately targets elderly people and preys on their good nature and vulnerability.

"I would urge people to think before they hand over money to anyone on their doorstep. Always ask for ID and if you're unsure, ask someone to come back later to give yourself time to think and check out someone's credentials.

"I am glad justice has been done today and Atkins is behind bars where he belongs."

For help and advice on fraud and scams, visit: https://bit.ly/2JPt2mQ
