```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed for launching a violent attack against her boyfriend in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 16 Jan 2020
title: Man attacked by violent girlfriend
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-attacked-by-violent-girlfriend
```

A woman has been jailed for launching a violent attack against her boyfriend in Peterborough.

Police were called at about 10.30am on Monday, 12 August, to reports of 36-year-old Sylwia Dynarska "going at" her boyfriend of 15-years with a knife at an address in Welland Road.

In the lead up to the attack, Dynarska began searching through the victim's phone and social media accounts and accused him of having an affair.

The argument continued, with her saying the victim was "worthless" and "must die."

As he attempted to leave the house, he looked back and saw Dynarska holding a knife. She began running at him, shouting "I will kill you."

As the victim took the knife from Dynarska, she punched and kicked him multiple times.

Dynarska fled the scene as police arrived, but was arrested later that day when she returned to the property.

While providing a statement about the ordeal, the victim disclosed that Dynarska had also assaulted him about three weeks earlier on 18 July when he returned from work.

Dynarska, of Lavington Grange, Peterborough, admitted to affray and assault causing actual bodily harm. She was sentenced to six months in prison at Peterborough Crown Court on Tuesday (14 January).

A further count of assault by beating will remain on file.

DC Helen Keighley said: "This must have been a terrifying ordeal for the victim and could have easily caused serious harm.

"Thankfully his injuries were relatively minor, but this level of violent behaviour is totally unacceptable. I would like to praise the victim for coming forward and alerting police and I hope the sentence highlights how seriously domestic abuse is taken by both the police and the courts."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse
