```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An investigation has been launched following a mass gathering in Paston, Peterborough, last night (Monday 25 May).
publish:
  date: 26 May 2020
title: Investigation launched following mass gathering in Paston
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sheepwalk-mass-gathering
```

An investigation has been launched following a mass gathering in Paston, Peterborough, last night (Monday 25 May).

We were initially called at about 8.20pm with reports of seven or eight cars and 20 to 30 people gathered in Sheepwalk.

Due to other operational commitments and ongoing incidents, we were not able to immediately attend. It was not reported there was any threat to public safety.

At just gone 10pm we were called by the ambulance service reporting a collision in Sheepwalk whereby a pedestrian had suffered minor injuries. Ambulance staff also reported a 'rave' of up to about 300 people in the street.

We deployed officers to the area, however due to the sheer volume of people, many of whom were intoxicated, it was deemed there were insufficient officer numbers to be able to safely move people on from the area.

At 11pm people gradually started to leave the area, however about an hour later there were reports someone had been stabbed.

Further officers were deployed, including specialist units, to support ambulance crews and locate the reported stabbing victim. No one with any injuries was identified at the location, nor had they presented themselves at hospital.

Approximately 16 police officers were instructed to stay at the location to monitor the situation and deal with any specific disorder or threats to life, and to engage with those present to advise them to go home.

Just after 1am the majority of people had left the area, with music turned off and all people cleared from the area by about 1.30am.

We remained at the location until about 4am and will be carrying out patrols of the area throughout the week.

Superintendent Adam Gallop said: "We understand local residents were concerned, and some frightened, by the large gathering last night.

"This was unfortunately one of a number of incidents we were managing across the city at the same time and advice was sought from public order specialists in order to maintain public safety.

"A safety assessment was carried out and while recognising the impact to the local community, due to the numbers present, additional policing resources were required in order to safely disperse the crowd.

"While planning had commenced to bring the event to a close, positive engagement by the officers at the scene encouraged those attending to begin dispersing, with the majority of people having left by 1am.

"We will be conducting enquiries in the area over the coming days so residents may notice an increased presence. We will also be conducting patrols in the area to prevent any further similar incidents.

"There is a line between organising community events to build morale in this challenging time, and the events of last night which very clearly were not acceptable. The local policing teams will continue to work with all our communities to advise, guide and, where necessary, enforce guidance and legislation.

"We are investigating the source of the gathering and how it came to be of such a scale. Where any offences have been committed we will take action, but due to the scale of the event and the number of enquiries we need to carry out this could take some time."
