```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The news follows two similar incidents last month
publish:
  date: 22 Mar 2021
title: Four people rescued from lorry
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/m11-lorry-rescue-slavery-trafficking
```

Officers rescued four people from the back of a lorry near Cambridge over the weekend prompting a fresh plea for people to be vigilant on the roads and report anything suspicious.

Just after 12noon on Saturday (20 March), police received a call for help from one of the four people inside the vehicle.

The lorry, believed to have come from Dover, was stopped just before junction 11 of the M11 near Trumpington. Those rescued from inside were not injured and their welfare is now being handled by the immigration services.

The driver was arrested on suspicion of assisting illegal entry into the UK, but has since been interviewed and will face no further action.

News of the weekend lorry rescue follows two similar incidents last month, where 21 people were rescued from lorries in Cambridgeshire. Some had told officers over the phone that they were struggling to breathe.

Stories like this may be distressing, but highlight that slavery and trafficking still exist and police need the public's help.

Warning signs to look out for, particularly at service stations or lay-bys, include:

 * People emerging from a lorry or HGV, especially suddenly or as if in a rush not to be seen
 * Hearing banging from the inside of a lorry - always call us on 999, especially if the lorry is refrigerated
 * A group of people heading towards, or going inside of, the back of a lorry
 * If anything about the vehicle doesn't seem quite right - for example if produce is being thrown from it or something is being done to catch the attention of other motorists

Anyone who sees any of the above is urged to call police on 999 immediately and take a note of the vehicle registration number, even if it has foreign plates.

For more information about human trafficking or modern slavery, including how to report concerns and more warning signs to look out for, visit the force's dedicated web page: Modern Slavery information
