```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Wisbech secondary school has opened its doors to officers and a drugs specialist in a bid to educate students.
publish:
  date: 29 Jun 2018
title: Wisbech academy opens its doors to local policing team
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/TCA-visit
```

A Wisbech secondary school has opened its doors to officers and a drugs specialist in a bid to educate students.

Thomas Clarkson Academy, which educates 1,300 pupils, invited some of the local neighbourhood policing team along yesterday morning (Thursday 28 June) to educate its year ten students about drugs.

Year 10 students being educated about drugs

Drugs expert Detective Constable Harv Nutton spoke openly to the group of about 200 teens about the different types of drugs, the physical effects they can have and also the criminal consequences of being involved with them.

The session highlighted the professional and close-working relationship between the school and the police to highlight the personal dangers students face if they take drugs and also the consequences it could have on their future careers.

Sergeant Lee Levens and PCs Rhian Jones and David McIlwhan were also amongst the team invited to introduce themselves to the students to make themselves known as their local policing team.

Inspector Ian Lombardo, who also spoke with the students, said: "Yesterday was all about educating the students and helping them to make informed choices. I tried to get it across to them that they can be whatever they want to be but the choices they make now can seriously affect their ability to fulfil their ambitions.

"Education is sometimes better than enforcement, particularly with young people, if we can influence them, even just a small number, into making the choice not to take a drug or get caught up in those networks, then that to me is a job well done."

Inspector Ian Lombardo speaks to the students

Local teams continue to develop and action 'Operation Cypus' which is an operation to target those who deal drugs in the Fenland area.

Insp Lombardo added: "We will continue to act on intelligence to disrupt and dismantle drugs networks in our area. We will also continue to work with all partner agencies, particularly the local schools, to help educate young people about the real dangers they face by taking drugs. I want to reassure parents that keeping children safe in Fenland is one of the top priorities for my team."

Being shown around the school to meet students

Richard Scott, Associate Principal of Thomas Clarkson Academy, said: "It was fabulous to have Inspector Lombardo and his team in school yesterday meeting with students helping them to understand some very important messages about drugs and their consequences.

"Not only does this help to educate our young people of the dangers of drugs but moreover it strengthens the sense of a community working together."
