```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two people have been jailed after they tried to blackmail a man out of thousands of pounds in exchange for a sex tape.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2018
title: Pair jailed for sex-tape blackmail
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Pair-jailed-sex-tape-blackmail
```

Two people have been jailed after they tried to blackmail a man out of thousands of pounds in exchange for a sex tape.

The victim, a man in his 30s, met one of his blackmailers, a 20-year-old woman who cannot be named for legal reasons, at a sex party last summer.

After befriending him, between January and August of this year, the victim paid a total of £12,000 to the woman for her clothes, rent, food, bills and sometimes for sex.

On the evening of Friday, 3 August, the woman invited the victim over to her house in St Neots and just 15 minutes after arriving, one of the woman's friends, 29-year-old Ross Olphert, burst in and confronted him. The woman stole the man's phone and wallet and headed to a nearby cash machine where she withdrew £30.

The pair told the victim that a video of him having sex with the woman would be sent to his parents and colleagues if he didn't pay £8,000. He told them he could pay £2,000 and offered an immediate £600 that was at his flat in Stevenage.

On the way to the flat Olphert punched the victim in the head numerous times, with the woman holding a knife to his throat boasting she knew "how to stab someone and get away with it". He paid the pair £600 before being forced to drive back to St Neots.

The duo were arrested two days later on 5 August after the victim reported what had happened to police.

They appeared at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (30 November) for sentencing after they both pleaded guilty to blackmail at a previous hearing. The woman was jailed for three years and 11 months, while Olphert, of New Street, St Neots, was jailed for two years and seven months.

Detective Constable John Whitworth said: "The victim had been funding the woman's lifestyle for more than half a year and the pair deliberately targeted him as they wanted more money.

"I'd like to commend the victim's bravery in coming forward following an extremely distressing incident."

Jailed: Ross Olphert
