```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Paul Davis, 44, also spat in the woman
publish:
  date: 6 Oct 2020
title: Boyfriend burnt woman's hand with lighter
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/paul-davis-domestic-abuse-court-result
```

A boyfriend who burnt his partner's hand with a cigarette lighter and threatened to kill her after spitting in her face has been handed an indefinite restraining order.

Paul Davis, 44, of Tower Close, Bassingbourn, Royston, first came to the attention of police when they were called to his home by a neighbour on 22 May.

Both Davis and his partner admitted arguing and Davis told officers he had grabbed his girlfriend and then waved a knife in her direction.

The following day, on 23 May, Davis' girlfriend called the police. She told officers Davis had come into the bedroom, pinned her to the bed, spat in her face and threatened to kill her.

She said this was completely unprovoked and it left her feeling really scared. Police arrived at the house and Davis was arrested.

When speaking to officers the woman also told them Davis was physically violent to her at least once a month.

She said one time Davis pushed her over, causing her to hurt her arm and lose feeling in her hand.

After she complained of having no feeling in her hand for a week, Davis took a cigarette lighter and burned her hand with it to see "if she was telling the truth". This left her with permanent scarring.

### Police interview

In police interview, Davis admitted he had anger management issues and had recently completed a 10-week course to address these.

He admitted picking up a knife during their argument on 22 May and said he had hoped to threaten and intimidate the woman by doing so. However, he denied any assault on 23 May but instead claimed they had a "verbal argument".

Davis admitted grabbing the woman's arm on another occasion, causing her to fall the floor and lose feeling in her hand. He also said the allegation of using a lighter on his girlfriend's hand was true.

Davis told officers he was at his "wits end" and needed help. He was provided with offers of help and support once released from custody.

Davis was later charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH), making threats to kill and two counts of assault by beating.

He pleaded guilty to the charges at a previous hearing and was sentenced yesterday (5 October) at Cambridge Crown Court.

Davis was handed 12 months in prison, suspended for two years. He was also ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work, a 15-session rehabilitation activity requirement and a building better relationships programme.

Davis was given a restraining order, to run indefinitely, preventing him from contacting the victim or going within 100m of her home.

### "Nothing short of horrific"

DC Marcus Johnson, who investigated, said: "What the victim suffered in this case, at the hands of someone who claimed to love her, is nothing short of horrific.

"Everybody deserves to feel safe in their own home and no person should have to suffer this kind of abuse. I would like to applaud her bravery in coming forward and encourage anyone else suffering domestic abuse to do the same.

"Domestic abuse often hides behind closed doors, but I hope this case sends a clear message that we are here for victims and will do all we can to protect them.

"Tackling domestic abuse of all kinds and safeguarding victims is one of our main priorities and we will always give victims a voice, working night and day to bring perpetrators to justice."

Police strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247.

For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit the force's dedicated domestic abuse web page.
