```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cadets visit the force demand hub
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2019
title: Cadets listen to live 999 calls
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/cadets-visit-demand-hub
```

**Youngsters from a unique cadet unit in Cambridgeshire got to listen to a live 999 call in a visit to force HQ.**

The pupils from Meadowgate Academy, a school for young people with learning difficulties in Wisbech, had a tour of the force's Demand Hub as part of their introduction to this year's cadet programme.

The cadet unit is the first of its kind in the country, focusing on one school and not a geographical area.

The sixth former's, aged between 16-18, learnt about the 101 non-emergency service and discussed who they would call in certain personal situations.

They listened to some recorded 999 emergency calls and discussed what information was key for the call taker before listening in to a live 999 call and watching how the operators recorded information while asking questions.

PCSO Lisa Mann, leader of the Meadowgate unit, said: "This Meadowgate cadets is the first group of its kind in the country and the force has supported the cadets' training since its launch.

"The cadets have different individual challenges to those from mainstream schools, however, they meet these challenges with confidence and positivity and work together as a group, supporting each other. They are a part of the policing family and wear their uniforms with pride."

PCSO Mann said the cadets provided some really good answers to the challenges of dealing with 999 calls and discussed how the call handler calmly dealt with the situations.

The tour of the demand hub was followed by a tour of the roads policing unit, where the youngsters discovered how officers turn the all-important blue lights on as well as where they store their kit in patrol cars.

They were shown a number of different response cars as well as motorbikes and armed response vehicles. A traffic officer spoke about road safety and how they respond to different types of incidents.

As part of their training the cadets will also visit places such as training facilities at Alconbury and the Museum of Armed Policing (where's that?). They will also have visitors to their school to teach them about various roles within policing such as first aid training, scenes of crime officers (SOCO) and firearms.

The group meets weekly during term time at the school and follows a programme covering topics such as crime prevention, local policing and how to be a good citizen.

Previous groups of cadets have volunteered at a local nursing home where they have chatted with the residents, helped with gardening and even washed cars to raise funds for a day trip for the residents.

Cadets play an active role within the school and local community, acting as role models to peers.

Although recruitment for the cadet programme is currently closed until next year, the force is looking for cadet leaders for units across the county. There is no set number of hours a week leaders have to volunteer and no specific qualifications or previous police experience is required as training will be given.

All volunteers are subject to Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) checks.

For more information, please visit https://www.cambs.police.uk/apply/Jobs/Cadets
