```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A drug dealer who used \u2018special delivery\u2019 at the post office to send large parcels of crystal meth and other class A drugs has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 5 Feb 2020
title: Post office drug dealer jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/post-office-drug-dealer-jailed
```

A drug dealer who used 'special delivery' at the post office to send large parcels of crystal meth and other class A drugs has been jailed.

On 1 November last year a post office in Jersey intercepted a parcel containing 1kg of MDMA and 100g of cocaine, which they traced back to being sent from a post office in Peterborough.

They made contact with Cambridgeshire police, who reviewed post office CCTV and identified a man.

On 22 November the post office contacted police as the same man was in the process of sending further packages.

Officers arrested Dmitrijs Tarkakanovs, 27, at the scene.

He had 66 individual parcels containing an assortment of amphetamine, methamphetamine (crystal meth), MDMA, ecstasy, heroin, cannabis and LSD.

His home in Alexandra Road, Dogsthorpe, Peterborough, was searched later that day and further cannabis and ecstasy was found.

Tarkakanovs pleaded guilty to four counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and three counts of possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

He was sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (31 January) to six years in prison.

DC Andrew Donaldson said: "Tarkakanovs clearly thought he had found a loophole to exploit and the addresses on the parcels were to all around the world, including Australia.

"Thank you to the post office staff in Peterborough and the police and customs officers in jersey. The jersey customs officer's diligence in spotting the drugs disguised as protein powder has helped put him behind bars".

If you suspect somebody involved in drug dealing you can report this to us online or 101 or 999 in an emergency. Or you can also report it anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or visiting crimestoppers-uk.org
