```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who pulled out a large knife on his victim has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2020
title: Prison for man who pulled knife on victim
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/knife-pulled-sainsburys
```

A man who pulled out a large knife on his victim has been jailed.

Aneurin Juniper had just stolen three bottles of beer from Sainsbury's on Osprey Drive, Trumpington on 26 July when he punched a member of the public he believed to be someone else.

The pair got into a scuffle before Juniper pulled a long-serrated knife from his bicycle basket causing the victim to run away.

At Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (30 September), the 26-year-old, of Kingfisher Gardens, Trumpington was sentenced to nine months in prison after previously pleading guilty to possession of a knife, theft and assault by beating.

He had also pleaded guilty to smashing the window of a van parked on Hartington Grove and stealing more than £1,700 of tools, slashing the tyres and covering it with offensive words between 21 April and 13 May.

Officers were able to identify Juniper as the culprit from blood found on the broken window.

PC Antonio Fernandez said: "This was an unwarranted level of violence, which could have had serious consequences.

"Tackling serious street-based violence is a priority for the force and we will continue to work tirelessly to take weapons off the streets."

Further information about possessing a knife or an offensive weapon in public, and the laws surrounding it.
