```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A MAN who killed his wife in a \u201Cfrenzied\u201D attack with a knife and a hammer, before turning the blade on a child has been jailed for a minimum of 28 years."
publish:
  date: 25 Feb 2020
title: "Man jailed for \u201Cfrenzied\u201D murder"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-guilty-of-frenzied-murder
```

A MAN who killed his wife in a "frenzied" attack with a knife and a hammer, before turning the blade on a child has been jailed for a minimum of 28 years.

Andriejus Kostiajevas, 47, was described by witnesses as acting strangely at his home in Cromwell Road, Peterborough, on 1 July including drinking at least three bottles of chilli oil.

At about 6.35am the following day a woman in her 30s who was living at the address overheard Kostiajevas arguing with his wife Ligita Kostiajeviene, 42, in their bedroom.

The woman was concerned for Ligita's welfare and went into the room to intervene. When she saw Kostiajevas was holding a knife she tried to persuade him to put it down. He ignored her plea and stabbed Ligita, before chasing the woman out of the room.

A boy who was also living in the house was woken up by the commotion and was stabbed by Kostiajevas nine times when he went to see what was happening.

Paramedics attended, but Ligita died at the scene. She had been stabbed multiple times and also had head injuries.

Officers initially could not find Kostiajevas, but followed a trail of blood and found him hiding in an outbuilding. He was arrested following a stand-off of more than an hour.

Whilst being transported to Addenbrooke's Hospital for treatment for a cut to his hand, Kostiajevas kicked a police officer in the face causing an injury to his eye.

Two hammers were recovered from the property, one of which had Ligita's hair attached to it.

A post mortem concluded Ligita died as a result of a severe head injury caused by multiple blows, consistent with the use of a blunt instrument such as a hammer.

The boy who was stabbed nine times required surgery in an attempt to repair nerve damage to his left arm. He now has limited use of his left hand.

Kostiajevas denied charges of murder, attempted murder and assault on an emergency worker, but was found guilty yesterday (25 February) following a trial at Cambridge Crown Court.

He was found not guilty of two separate charges - assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent and another without intent.

Today (26 February) at the same court he was jailed for life, to serve a minimum of 28 years.

Ligita, who leaves behind an adult daughter, has been described as a loving and caring mother who will be missed more than words can say.

Superintendent Michael Branston said: "This was a brutal, frenzied and sustained attack resulting in the death of an innocent woman and significant trauma to a young child.

"Our deepest sympathies go out to Ligita's family. I hope today's verdict will provide them with some assistance as they learn to live with this tragedy."
