```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A nurse has been sentenced following the discovery of explicit content on his devices.
publish:
  date: 26 Apr 2019
title: Nurse accessed explicit images
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/nurse-sentenced-explicit-images
```

A HOSPITAL nurse who downloaded indecent images of children through his work Wi Fi has been sentenced.

Luis Proenca, 41, was arrested on 1 September 2018 at Addenbrooke's Hospital, in Cambridge, on suspicion of accessing and downloading indecent images of children.

Proenca, of Adrian Way, Cambridge, rented a room in the on-site accommodation at the hospital where he looked after patients recovering from anaesthetic.

Officers were alerted to his IP address in June 2018, which led them to his accommodation where they found devices including memory sticks, a computer and multiple mobile phones, containing downloads of graphic content.

Proenca admitted he had a "problem" and needed help. He pleaded guilty to downloading and sharing indecent images of children and was sentenced to a two year community order and 40 days rehabilitation. He was also given a sexual harm prevention order for ten years and was added to the Sex Offenders Register for five years at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (25 April).

He has been prevented from returning to his job at the hospital and the investigation showed that the illegal content was in no way linked to any patient at the hospital.

DC Laura Else said: "This case shows that accessing explicit content on a shared or public Wi-Fi, such as a hospital's, does not prevent us from tracking the device down. We take all appropriate measures to track down IP addresses bring offenders to justice".
