```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An inspection, carried out by prison and constabulary inspectors in August 2017, has found the way the custody provision is operated in Cambridgeshire to be positive.
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2018
title: "Cambridgeshire custody rated \u2018positive\u2019 by inspectors"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambridgeshire-custody-rated-positive-by-inspectors
```

An inspection, carried out by HM Inspectorate of Prisons (HMIP) and HM Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMICFRS), in August 2017, has found the way the custody provision is operated in Cambridgeshire, to be positive.

The unannounced inspection took place between 7 and 18 August last year, and looked at the force's main custody suites at Thorpe Wood in Peterborough, Parkside in Cambridge and King's Lynn, as well as the contingency suites in Huntingdon and March.

The last inspection was in 2011, and HMIP and HMICFRS found that the staff culture in custody had remained healthy and they were impressed with the care and attention shown to detainees.

While they still have concerns around the collaborative arrangements for custody services not providing sufficient accountability at senior officer level, they were reassured that the use of force in custody was proportionate - highlighting the processes as an example of good practice.

Assistant Chief Constable Dan Vajzovic said: "Overall the inspection carried out by HMIP and HMICFRS into Cambridgeshire Constabulary's custody suites has been positive.

"We welcome their recognition that we have good levels of care and concern for the most vulnerable people we deal with and that, through effective partnership engagement, we have a strong focus on protecting and diverting vulnerable people from custody.

"We have worked hard since the last inspection in 2011 to focus our efforts on reducing the amount of time children spend in police cells and protecting those with mental health problems. As a result of our work with the liaison and diversion service, and the mental health staff in our control room supporting frontline officers, we have reduced the number of people held in custody under section 136 of the Mental Health Act as a place of safety.

"We acknowledge the inspector's area of concern and the recommendation, which we will be looking at, and we are already putting plans in place to improve in the areas highlighted.

"Improving how we deliver all of our services to the people of Cambridgeshire is important to us, and we welcome the findings of this inspection."

View the full custody inspection report.
