```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Richard Taylor had bloodshot and watery eyes and smelt of cannabis
publish:
  date: 17 Dec 2020
title: Drug driver jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-driver-richard-taylor-sentenced
```

A drug driver who failed a roadside test but then refused to provide a specimen for analysis at a police station has been jailed.

Richard Taylor, 49, was spotted by an eagle-eyed officer driving a Volkswagen Golf on the A14 westbound where it meets the M11.

The officer noticed Taylor due to his manner of driving at just before 1.30pm on 4 November.

The officer followed Taylor in a marked police car and he was stopped in a lay-by about 15 miles later.

As he approached the vehicle the officer noticed Taylor, of Clayton Road, Bradford, West Yorkshire, had bloodshot and watery eyes.

His behaviour was also erratic and the officer smelt a strong smell of cannabis.

Taylor tested positive for cannabis while a breath test came back negative.

He was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and taken to the police station, but refused to then provide a blood sample.

He agreed to provide a urine sample, but only provided one of the two samples needed, and became verbally abusive to such an extent an officer noted it was the worst he had heard in his 15-year career.

Taylor was charged with failing to provide a specimen for analysis and appeared at Cambridge Magistrates' Court yesterday (16 December).

He pleaded guilty and magistrates sentenced him to 12 weeks in prison due to the severity of the offence, his deliberate refusal to provide a specimen and his second conviction of the same kind. Taylor was also disqualified from driving for 36 months.

DC Tom Nuttall, who investigated, said: "Taylor is well known to police, with 14 previous convictions for 22 offences, including failing to comply with court orders, possessing cannabis, drug driving and driving without due care and attention.

"Failing to provide a sample of blood, breath or urine for analysis is treated with the same severity as failing the test itself.

"Due to Taylor doing so, we will never know the full story, but his demeanour led officers to suspect he had been drug driving which is one of the fatal four causes of collisions.

"I hope the sentence serves as a deterrent to others and highlights our commitment to taking drink or drug drivers off the roads.

"I'd also like to remind people they can help us make the roads safer for everyone by reporting anyone they think may be drink or drug driving on our dedicated hotline."

Taylor's sentence comes as the force cracks down on drink and drug drivers as part of a national campaign this December.

To report an incident of drink or drug driving, call 101 or 999 in an emergency. People can also report drink or drug driving via a dedicated, confidential hotline.

The hotline: 0800 032 0845 is available 24/7, and gives people the chance to help reduce the number of drink or drug drivers on the roads.

For more information about drink or drug driving, the law and the dangers it can cause, as well as the confidential hotline, visit the force's dedicated web page on driving under the influence.
