```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A burglar has been given a curfew after admitting breaking into a house while the occupants were asleep in bed.
publish:
  date: 17 Nov 2020
title: Burglar given curfew after breaking into Peterborough home
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Ladislav-Kina-sentencing-Nov2020
```

A burglar has been given a curfew after admitting breaking into a house while the occupants were asleep in bed.

Ladislav Kina, 24, crept into the family home in Clarence Road, Millfied, in the early hours of 26 June.

He had seen one of the occupants leave to go to work at about 4.50pm, leaving a door unlocked behind them. Kina took the opportunity to enter the house.

One of the occupants was asleep in a downstairs bedroom when Kina entered the room and removed a handbag containing bank cards, along with pieces of paper with the PINs for the cards written on them.

He left the bag in the living room, but stole the cards and the pieces of paper, before fleeing the house.

Ten minutes later, at just after 5am, one of the cards was used at an ATM in Taverners Road, just around the corner from the where Kina carried out the theft, and £300 in cash was withdrawn using one card, and £280 using another.

CCTV images of the suspect were circulated to police officers, who identified the suspect as Kina.

He was located and arrested in Leicester on 7 September and later charged with burglary and two counts of fraud by false representation, namely using stolen bank cards.

Kina, of Saffron Lane in Leicester, admitted the offences and appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Thursday (12 November) where he was sentenced to 21 months in prison, suspended for two years.

He must also complete a 30-day rehabilitation activity requirement (RAR), a 50-hour thinking skills programme and has been made subject of a six-month curfew between 8pm and 5.30am.

DC Tom Hunt said: "Kina saw an opportunity and took it for his own financial gain - he had the audacity to enter a family home while they were sleeping and steal from them.

"This case was a good example of team work by multiple departments across our force, resulting in finding an offender who was residing in another county."

Advice on how to best protect your home from burglars can be found on the force website at https://bit.ly/35CX7Ox.
