```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Marius Petrauskas dragged a woman into some bushes before punching an officer
publish:
  date: 5 Jul 2019
title: Cambridge sex attacker jailed for a decade
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/marius-petrauskas-sexual-assault-cambridge
```

A drunken man who dragged a woman into some bushes on a green area of Cambridge before sexually assaulting her has been jailed for a decade.

Marius Petrauskas, of The Pound, St Ives, grabbed the woman on Christ's Pieces on 1 December last year.

The 31 year old dragged the woman away from the path at about 6.30am. The woman's calls for help were heard by a passing cyclist who called police.

Officers arrived on scene and found Petrauskas on top of the woman on the ground.

Petrauskas was asked to come out of the bushes by officers but when he did so, he punched a policeman, knocking him to the floor, and ran.

Another officer saw Petrauskas fleeing the scene and chased him on foot. He was arrested on suspicion of rape and assaulting a police officer.

In police interview, Petrauskas said he had drunk 16 bottles of beer in St Ives before heading to Cambridge for a night out.

He told officers he 'couldn't remember' if he had sexually assaulted the woman. He admitted punching the police officer and said he regretted his actions.

Petrauskas was found guilty of assault by penetration and assaulting an emergency worker after a five-day trial at Cambridge Crown Court from 13 May.

He was sentenced at the same court today (5 July) where he was handed a total of 10 years in prison. Petrauskas faces deportation on release.

DC Elaine Penniket, who investigated, said: "I would like to commend the victim for her bravery and for supporting a conviction in this case, including giving evidence at the trial.

"She has understandably been affected by this incident and I hope this sentencing brings her some closure and allows her to move forward from what happened to her.

"We take all reports of sexual assault extremely seriously and will do all we can to bring offenders to justice.

"Petrauskas also assaulted a police officer during the course of that evening, which is completely unacceptable."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

More information on sexual offences can be found here.
