```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Volunteers
publish:
  date: 1 Jun 2019
title: Penny's admiration for volunteer officers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Penny-volunteers-week-launch
```

A TV personality has spoken of being "inspired" by the contribution voluntary police officers, "Specials", make to policing in Cambridgeshire.

Penny Lancaster, who went out on the frontline in Cambridgeshire as part of the TV series Famous and Fighting Crime, spoke out as Volunteers' Week begins across the country.

Between today (1 June) and Thursday (7 June), hundreds of events are taking place to mark the annual campaign, which was established in 1984 and recognises the contribution volunteers make to communities every day.

Penny was paired with a Special constable for the Channel 4 series, which was broadcast earlier this year, and saw her pursue a shoplifter, help solve a serious assault and assist in dealing with a threatening man who was high on drugs.

Penny, who is married to singer Rod Stewart and is a regular panellist on ITV's Loose Women, said: "My time filming with Cambridgeshire police for Famous and Fighting Crime was a revelation. I was so impressed by the work the police do all the time, which often goes unseen.

"The fact that some officers do their role in their spare time, without pay, and alongside a regular career, was just inspiring. I experienced first hand how they put themselves in harm's way and go towards danger when others are running away."

In April, Penny became a patron for the charity Care of Police Survivors (COPS), which supports families of police officers and staff who die on duty.

"I can't praise the people who do the role highly enough and I would urge anyone who would like to help others to think about becoming a Special", Penny said.

"It gives you confidence, professional training and a unique opportunity to meet people, see life and really make a difference. It may seem a lot to give but the rewards more than compensate."

Chief Constable Nick Dean praised all the people who volunteered to support policing in Cambridgeshire.

He said: "We have great, professional and committed volunteers across the whole of policing and here in Cambridgeshire is no different; from police cadets and their leaders, to Special Constabulary members, to members of the public who assist us within the organisation, I am sure there are many more. Their work never goes unnoticed or unappreciated."

Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite said: "I am proud and grateful of all of our volunteers and this year, in particular our Independent Custody Visitors (ICVs) who recently achieved Silver Standard at an awards event in the House of Lords. ICVs make unannounced visits into custody cells to check on the welfare of detained persons.

"The Chief Constable and I both recognise the enormous contribution our volunteers make and remain impressed by their level of commitment, professionalism and determination.

"Whilst we recognise that people are able to make different levels of commitment, whatever they give goes a long way in the local community and is hugely valued."

This weekend (1/2 June) is national Specials Weekend. Volunteer officers in Cambridgeshire are joining colleagues throughout England and Wales in getting out and about showcasing the vital support they provide to regular officers.

In 2018/19, Specials completed nearly 7900 duties, which equates to more than 51,000 hours worked.

The force currently has about 220 Specials.
