```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man from Peterborough has been found guilty of 30 sexual offences against six children following a four-week trial.
publish:
  date: 1 Jun 2018
title: Man found guilty of 30 sexual offences
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Paul-Chisnall
```

A man from Peterborough has been found guilty of 30 sexual offences against six children following a four-week trial.

Paul Chisnall, 36, of Pyhill in Bretton, was arrested in May last year (2017) after police received information about the historical sexual abuse of two of the children, girls, between 2002 and 2010.

The court heard how Chisnall would sexually abuse the girls, including rape, when they were as young as six.

The victims, which included three further girls and a boy who came forward after the initial disclosures were made, ranged from six to 13 when they were abused.

Paul Chisnall

Yesterday (Thursday, 31 May), the jury at Cambridge Crown Court returned guilty verdicts on 29 out of the 30 charges and today (Friday, 1 June) further deliberated over a final charge, coming back with a unanimous guilty verdict.

The charges were:

 * Five counts of rape
 * Seven counts of rape of a child under 13
 * Five counts of indecent assault
 * One count of assault by penetration
 * Three counts of sexual assault of a child under 13
 * Two counts of indecency with a child
 * Three counts of causing a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity
 * Three counts of assault of a child under 13 by penetration
 * One count of taking indecent images of a child

Detective Sergeant Richard Stott said: "I would like to highlight the bravery of all the victims in speaking out about the abuse, because it ultimately led to this whole investigation.

"Without their strength and courage in speaking about the abuse they have suffered we could not have put an end to Chisnall's offending, which lasted 15 years, and safeguarded more children.

"Thank you also to the team of officers and the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) who have worked tirelessly to bring this case to court, in particular DC Faye Patterson and PC Yasmin Bellamy. The work they have done has been outstanding, ensuring the victims were at the centre of the investigation and ending what has been a horrific period of their lives."

Chisnall is due to be sentenced on 13 July at Cambridge Crown Court.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, please visit our website www.cambs.police.uk/childprotection.
