```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An initiative aimed at reducing the number of burglaries in Cambridge has today (7 October) launched.
publish:
  date: 7 Oct 2020
title: Initiative launched to reduce burglaries
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/initiative-launched-to-reduce-burglaries
```

An initiative aimed at reducing the number of burglaries in Cambridge has today (7 October) launched.

Funded by the Home Office, the 'Safer Streets' campaign will see a six-month crime prevention and community engagement project in Arbury and West Chesterton, starting with 750 homes today.

Over the course of 2019 there were 89 reported burglary offences in the areas and they were subsequently identified as places which would benefit most from the project.

The initiative will see Cambridgeshire Constabulary, Cambridge City Council and community-led organisations such as Neighbourhood Watch work together to support their communities and improve home security.

Over the next six months officers will visit and speak with residents about any concerns and offer burglary packs containing advice and crime prevention products such as window alarms.

Residents will be sent a letter in due course explaining how they can receive help and advice. They will also be given the chance to get involved in local projects to support their community.

Opportunities will be available for communities to come and ask officers questions at a number of development events, which will be publicised at a later date.

Carol Aston, a Designing Out Crime Officer for the force and manager of the project, said: "We're extremely grateful for the funding which will allow us to visit and support those who need us most.

"Tackling burglary isn't just about catching burglars, it's also about how you can prevent it from happening in the first place.

"Burglary can leave lasting impacts on victims and leave them feeling unsafe in their own home.

"I'm hopeful that with this initiative we will leave residents feeling safer than ever by taking precautions to keep intruders out."

If you know someone who lives in Arbury or West Chesterton who would benefit from the project, or you live in either area and didn't receive a letter but would like support, you can get in touch by emailing cambridgesaferstreets@cambs.pnn.police.uk.

For online prevention advice, visit our website: https://bit.ly/3iD3tAZ
