```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who threatened members of the public with a knife in a bid to steal a tray of chocolate bars has been jailed for 14 months.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2019
title: Jail for man with a sweet tooth
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/armed-chocolate-thief-jailed
```

Lewis Howden, 34, entered the One Stop convenience store in St Paul's Road, New England, Peterborough on 29 January at 6.20pm. He selected a full tray of Galaxy chocolate bars and placed them inside a large black bag.

Howden was walking towards the exit, without paying, when two members of staff stopped and challenged him. A customer then grabbed him by the back of his jacket when he tried to get past the staff.

Howden got a knife from his trousers and as the other backed away he left the shop.

Then, on 19 February, police received a call from Boots Chemists, in Queensgate, Peterborough, where Howden had been caught stealing a bottle of Burberry perfume worth £59\. Security staff detained him and police arrested him for theft.

In police interview Howden said he had planned to sell the perfume, as he needed to pay his mother back and did not want to disappoint her as they had been getting along well

Howden, of Burrows Court, Peterborough, pleaded guilty two to counts of theft from a shop and possession of a knife in a public place at a previous hearing.

Today (29 March) at Cambridge Crown Court he was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment.

Sergeant Rory Thompson said: "Howden's actions were completely unnecessary and while the items he stole may not seem significant, theft can easily escalate, and his use of a knife raises the risk and severity of the crime.

"Thanks to the quick actions of the Boots security staff, Howden has now been stopped in his tracks."
