```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: More than 100 arrests were made across the county during a national campaign against domestic abuse.
publish:
  date: 18 Dec 2020
title: More than 100 arrests made during domestic abuse campaign
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/more-than-100-arrests-made-during-domestic-abuse-campaign
```

More than 100 arrests were made across the county during a national campaign against domestic abuse.

The 16 Days of Action to End Domestic Violence campaign saw organisations from across the country come together to take a stand against abuse.

In support of the campaign, the constabulary took to social media to highlight the wealth of help available for victims who were considering speaking out.

As a result, throughout the campaign period (25 November to 10 December) the force recorded 488 domestic abuse crimes and made 102 arrests.

**Detective Superintendent John Massey said** : "Sadly, we've seen reports of domestic abuse steadily rise in Cambridgeshire over the past few years but we are encouraged to see victims having the confidence to speak out and seek vital support.

"The 16 Days campaign gave us an opportunity to highlight the support available for victims, the action we take against offenders and our total commitment to safeguarding those who need us.

"This ranged from education on schemes such as the Clare's Law Disclosure Scheme, to advice on how worried loved ones can help spot the signs of abuse.

"We will continue to work night and day to be there for victims and take robust action against perpetrators.

"As we enter the Christmas period, when we sadly often see a rise in domestic abuse, I would urge anyone suffering to speak to us. Remember, you are not alone, there is no excuse for abuse and our specially trained officers will do all they can to protect you."

For more advice and information around domestic abuse, visit our designated web pages.
