```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man repaid an offer of work by stealing cash and jewellery from a woman before crashing her car.
publish:
  date: 15 Oct 2019
title: Man stole from Good Samaritan
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-stole-from-Good-Samaritan
```

A man repaid an offer of work by stealing cash and jewellery from a woman before crashing her car.

Jason Turner, 30, knew the woman, who is in her 30s, from a former job before she left to work at The Bell pub, in Great Paxton, St Neots.

On 10 May, the woman invited Turner to spend a day working at the pub. He arrived at just before midday and was later told to take a break in the woman's flat above the pub.

At shortly after 2pm, another pub worker, a man in his 60s, was outside when he heard a loud bang from an upstairs window. He looked up and saw Turner running across a flat roof with two holdall bags towards the pub's car park.

As he jumped down he was confronted by the worker, who he told to "get out of the way" before getting into the woman's silver Vauxhall Vectra and driving off, with the man pursuing him.

The woman, who had seen Turner driving her car, ran up to her flat to discover he had stolen a safe containing a Tag Heuer watch worth £1,500, several hundred pounds in cash and her car keys.

Driving towards Yelling, Turner collided with the back of a blue Jaguar before overtaking it and speeding off. A short while later police received several calls to say the Vectra was in a ditch in High Street, Yelling.

When officers attended they found the safe, a blood-stained pillowcase, two money boxes and an Envopac bag near the car.

The watch was found still in the safe, along with ripped-up £20 notes strewn across the ground.

Officers were called to a nearby farm later that day when Turner was spotted walking through fields. Following his arrest he spat at one of the officers before shouting racial abuse.

Turner, of no fixed abode, was recalled to prison at Cambridge Crown Court last Wednesday (9 October) after pleading guilty to theft, aggravated vehicle taking and racially aggravated assault.

DC Craig McPherson said: "Turner manipulated the victim's trust, who was simply trying to help him.

"In a reckless bid to escape he put the lives of other road users at risk, before abusing a Special Constable."
