```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Robert Duquemin, 53, died in Bury in October last year
publish:
  date: 16 Sep 2020
title: Two arrests made after man's death near Ramsey
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/op-radius-two-arrests-robert-duquemin
```

Police have made two arrests in relation to the death of a man in Bury, near Ramsey, last year.

Robert Duquemin, 53, died at a property in Ringwood Close on the morning of 10 October.

It is believed that Mr Duquemin was the victim of an assault on Saturday 5 October at his home in Percy Green Place, Huntingdon.

At the time, a 23-year-old man from Huntingdon was arrested in connection with the assault and was released on police bail.

Officers continued to investigate the circumstances of the assault and the subsequent death of Mr Duquemin, which was treated as an isolated incident.

This morning (16 September) police made two further arrests. A 24-year-old man from Huntingdon has been arrested on suspicion of murder, two counts of attempted murder and possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.

A 20-year-old woman from Huntingdon has been arrested on suspicion of murder, possessing class B drugs with intent to supply and possessing class B drugs with intent to supply.

Both remain in custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station in Peterborough.

The attempted murder offences relate to an incident in Huntingdon on 5 October 2019 in which a car was allegedly driven at two people, causing one of them serious injuries.

Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 quoting 35/71591/19. Alternatively, you can report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report
