```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Tomorrow police and partners in Cambridge will run one of its city focused operations to keep the cyclists safe.
publish:
  date: 29 Mar 2019
title: Police run Cambridge cycle safety operation
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-run-cambridge-cycle-safety-operation
```

Today police and partners in Cambridge will run one of its city focused operations to keep the cyclists safe.

The campaign, named Operation Velo - was launched last year to reduce cycle casualties on the road through education and promotion of behavioural change.

Approximately 60% of all reported collisions in Cambridge City involve a pedal cycle and more than 165 cyclists were killed or seriously injured across the county over the past two years.

As part of the day of action, plain clothed police officers will patrol on bicycles to identify drivers of vehicles who do not adopt a 'safe pass' approach and cyclists committing dangerous manoeuvres.

Any drivers found driving dangerously will be given roadside guidance as to the optimum distance to pass a cycle - 1.5m.

In some cases motorists could be prosecuted for careless or inconsiderate driving and face a fine of £100 and three points on their licence.

Officers will also identify offences by all road users and those found breaking the law may be fined.

Sergeant Ian Manley, of the Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said: "Last year more than 80 Cambridgeshire cyclists were killed or seriously injured. Until that figure is zero, we will continue to stress the importance of cycle safety to both drivers and cyclists.

"We must share the road considerately and do our bit to make sure we all reach our destination safely."

As well as monitoring the behaviour of drivers, officers will look at cyclist's behaviour - in particular those who put themselves at risk by disobeying traffic signs and red lights, failing to use lights in the hours of darkness and cycling recklessly.

In addition they will be actively seeking opportunities to enforce the 'Fatal 4' offences of drink and drug driving, using a mobile phone at the wheel, failing to wear a seatbelt and speeding. Any motorists caught flouting these could face prosecution.

Operation Velo was initially developed with the support of the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Road Safety Partnership and Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service' community champion.
