```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man from Peterborough has been jailed for five-and-a-half years after police discovered almost \xA3200,000 worth of heroin at his Westwood home."
publish:
  date: 20 Oct 2020
title: "\xA3200k drugs find leads to five-and-a-half-year jail sentence"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Toby-Turner-sentencing-Oct2020
```

A man from Peterborough has been jailed for five-and-a-half years after police discovered almost £200,000 worth of heroin at his Westwood home.

Toby Turner, 22, was arrested in Royce Road, Boongate on 24 June after police were alerted to a suspected drug deal in nearby Mallory Road by a member of the public.

On police attendance, Turner and an associate were located at the McDonalds drive through. Both occupants and the vehicle were searched which uncovered a 'man bag' containing £275 cash and an iPhone which displayed a message on the lock screen saying "Even if you can only get cheap weed Toby I'm not fussed. As long as it's smokable and gets me high. Please Bro."

Whilst searching the vehicle, Turner was seen trying to empty a clear bag of what was believed to be heroin on the ground.

Both Turner and his 22-year-old associate were arrested and taken into custody while a search of Turner's home in Chelveston Way was carried out.

The search uncovered £4,214 in cash, five mobile phones, a canister of CS gas, cannabis, two sets of scales with traces of heroin and about £198,000 worth of heroin.

Turner was charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs, possession with intent to supply class B drugs and possession of a weapon designed for the discharge of a noxious liquid, namely CS spray.

He admitted the offences and appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (16 October) where he was sentenced to a total of five-and-a-half years in prison.

The 22-year-old man was released under investigation.

DC Lucy Carter said: "As a result of a call from a member of the public who saw what they thought was a drug deal, we have managed to take a substantial amount of really harmful drugs off the streets of Peterborough.

"This is exactly why we encourage our communities to report suspicions to us, as you never know what it might lead to."

Anyone with information about the supply of drugs is encouraged to report it to police online at https://bit.ly/3kkwYZW.
