```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An infatuated teenager shared indecent images of a girl online when she rejected his advances.
publish:
  date: 23 Feb 2021
title: Spurned teenager shared indecent content of girl
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Spurned-teenager-shared-indecent-content-of-girl
```

An infatuated teenager shared indecent images of a girl online when she rejected his advances.

Alan Brazier, now 20, contacted the girl via social media in early 2017 and asked her out on a date, but she refused.

However, he persisted and bombarded her with messages, some threatening he would harm himself if she did not reply.

Brazier then began following the victim, who was also a teenager at the time, and on 15 July 2017 visited her home. He was spotted and ran away, but later returned with a card and a bunch of flowers, before being asked to leave by the victim's mother.

The matter was reported to police and it was agreed Brazier's parents would speak to him about his behaviour. They did so and he agreed to leave the girl alone.

A month later the victim and her friends received friend requests on social media from a profile in her name, which contained indecent images of her.

More than 20 accounts were set up in the victim's name which included the indecent content. She received abusive messages from some and others contained derogatory information about her.

Brazier was arrested in August 2017 and a number of electronic devices were seized for analysis.

This revealed the IP address linked to some of the social media accounts matched Brazier's home in Histon Road, Cambridge.

Further analysis of the devices seized from Brazier's home revealed 6,500 images of the victim, ten of which were categorised as indecent.

In addition, officers discovered thousands of voyeuristic images or videos of unidentifiable girls, including 'upskirting' content.

Brazier admitted possessing and distributing the indecent content of the victim. He also admitted recording the 'upskirting' footage.

He later went on to plead guilty to stalking, making an indecent photo of a child, committing an act of outraging public decency and distributing indecent photos of a child.

On Friday (19 February) at Cambridge Crown Court, he was sentenced to a year in prison, suspended for two years. He was also given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for ten years, ordered to complete 30 days rehabilitation requirement and 100 hours of unpaid work. A restraining order was put in place preventing him from contacting the victim for five years.

PC Christopher McLoughlin said: "Brazier was clearly infatuated with the victim and subjected her to a prolonged and incredibly distressing ordeal.

"This was a long and complex investigation involving numerous officers, departments and partner agencies. I'm pleased it has reached a conclusion and gone through the court process.

"Sadly, this case demonstrates the dark side of the internet and how it can be used to cause significant emotional trauma to innocent people."
