```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: We are partnering with the Domestic Abuse Alliance (DA Alliance), a specialist legal assistance and protection service, to help support and safeguard victims.
publish:
  date: 7 Sep 2020
title: Force teams up with domestic abuse legal service to help protect victims
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-teams-up-with-domestic-abuse-legal-service-to-help-protect-victims
```

We are partnering with the Domestic Abuse Alliance (DA Alliance), a specialist legal assistance and protection service, to help support and safeguard victims.

Today (7 September), the free to use WEPROTECT instant victim referral app will be rolled out to all frontline officers in a bid to help domestic abuse victims gain quick and vital legal support. Officers attending domestic abuse incidents will now be able to make an instant referral to the DA Alliance on behalf of consenting victims.

Once a referral has been submitted, a DA Alliance legal advisor will contact the individual to offer specialist legal assistance. Depending on the level of continued risk faced, the advisor will prioritise the situation and facilitate the implementation of civil injunctions, such as non-molestation orders, to provide extra safeguarding measures. This service will run alongside the police investigation into any criminal activity that has taken place.

The launch of this partnership follows a successful six-month pilot that has already been carried out in the Peterborough area.

**Cambridgeshire Constabulary's domestic abuse strategic lead, Detective Inspector Dave Savill, said** : "The launch of the WEPROTECT app and partnership with the DA Alliance is a really positive step forward and will provide a great deal of support for victims who need legal support and advice.

"The quick and easy referral form will help us streamline communication between victims and the legal advisors. It will also help us ensure that those suffering from abuse can get the necessary help and protection they need whilst further police enquiries are carried out.

"The service will be available for all domestic abuse victims and will add an additional layer of safeguarding to the support already offered by the force and our partner agencies.

"We will continue to prioritise domestic abuse to ensure our communities are safe from harm and perpetrators are dealt with swiftly through criminal proceedings.

"Tackling domestic abuse and safeguarding victims is one of our main priorities and we hope this service will be of benefit to those who need it the most."

**Razi Hassan, Director of Communication and Partnerships at the DA Alliance added** : "As an organisation we aim to make a meaningful and positive contribution by bringing together those working on the frontline of domestic abuse across the UK with the legal sector to deliver joined-up instant legal assistance and protection to victims.

"The roll out of WEPROTECT to officers in Cambridgeshire is a significant step in this effort, as we look ahead to enabling even more forces.

"Furthermore, beyond our solutions and services, we are committed to supporting our partners in increasing awareness of the domestic abuse epidemic."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact us on 101, the Victim and Witness Hub on 0800 7816818 or the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit https://bit.ly/3aZgkLB.
