```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who harassed his ex-partner has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 16 Nov 2020
title: Man jailed for harassing ex-partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-harassing-ex-partner
```

A man who harassed his ex-partner has been sentenced.

Hayden Cannon, 26, was handed a restraining order in October 2018 which stipulated he could not contact the victim, a woman in her 20s.

However, on 11 April, an off-duty officer saw that Cannon and the victim were together at her home in Hampton, Peterborough. Officers attended the address and searched the area but the pair weren't found.

However, police were then called at about 1am the following day with reports of Cannon banging on the door of the victims home and threatening to shoot her.

When police attended, they found Cannon inside the address, hiding from officers under the bed. He was arrested at the scene.

Cannon was subsequently charged with breaching the restraining order and was remanded in custody pending trial. However, while on remand at HMP Peterborough, he contacted the victim 142 times using the prison phone system between 18 April and 2 May.

Cannon, of no fixed abode, later pleaded guilty to breach of a suspended sentence order and two counts of breach of a restraining order. He was sentenced to 40 weeks in prison on Tuesday (10 November) at Cambridge Crown Court. However, Cannon has now been released from prison following time served while on remand.

**DC Lucy Carter said** : "The persistence and harassment Cannon inflicted on this victim was completely unacceptable.

"We will continue to do all we can to safeguard victims and bring offenders before the courts."
