```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are urging members of the public to be vigilant following an attempted distraction burglary in Woodston.
publish:
  date: 4 Aug 2020
title: Warning following attempted distraction burglary in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/warning-following-attempted-distraction-burglary-in-peterborough
```

Police are urging members of the public to be vigilant following an attempted distraction burglary in Woodston.

It has been reported that a man visited the property of a 90-year-old woman in Queen's Walk at 6am on 19 July and claimed to be from a care company.

She asked him for ID and details of the company he works for, when he couldn't provide these she refused him entry.

The man is described as white, average height, slim build, with grey hair and an English accent. He was wearing trousers, a t-shirt, a white apron, white gloves and a surgeon's hat.

DS Shish Thind said: "This man was clearly targeting an older person thinking she would be easier to fool, I'm pleased to say he was wrong. We are keen to identify him so if you have also been a victim or believe you have encountered this man, please report this to us as it could help in our investigation."

Distraction burglars usually pretend to be someone they are not. If you are not expecting someone to visit you and you don't know them, do not let them into your home. If you are really unsure, don't open the door.

A genuine carer won't mind coming back at a time when it is more convenient for you and for when you can arrange to have someone you trust with you for the appointment.

You can find more information on distraction burglars here https://www.cambs.police.uk/A-Z/Bogus-callers.

Anyone with information should contact us via our web-chat or by calling 101 quoting incident number 35/48991/20.
