```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who assaulted his partner on multiple occasions during their five-year relationship has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2018
title: Jail for man who assaulted partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-for-man-who-assaulted-partner
```

A man who assaulted his partner on multiple occasions during their five-year relationship has been jailed.

On 24 January Peter Todd, 34, had an argument about money with his partner while she was taking her children to school. Following this she told a relative how she was living in fear and was encouraged to contact police.

She reported prolonged abuse by Todd, including strangling her until she passed out, assaults causing a broken tooth and suspected broken ribs.

Todd, of Argent Road, Trumpington, Cambridge, pleaded guilty to two counts of assault by beating and one of assault causing actual bodily harm.

Yesterday (27 March) at Cambridge Crown Court he was sentenced to a year and three months in prison.

Photo: Peter Todd

Detective Constable Gary Nightingale said: "The attacks by Todd left the victim so scared that for long periods of time she felt unable to report them. Thankfully she had the courage to come forward and I hope the conclusion of this case will help her to move on and re-build the rest of her life.

"Tackling domestic abuse is a priority for the constabulary. We are working hard to protect vulnerable people and bring perpetrators like Todd to justice."

For support and advice concerning domestic abuse visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse.
