```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A drug dealer who left more than \xA3120,000 worth of cannabis and cocaine in his unlocked and uninsured car has been jailed for almost seven years."
publish:
  date: 20 Jul 2018
title: Jail for dealer who left drugs in unlocked car
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-for-dealer-who-left-drugs-in-unlocked-car
```

A drug dealer who left more than £120,000 worth of cannabis and cocaine in his unlocked and uninsured car has been jailed for almost seven years.

Maroof Rahman, 30, of Golding Road, Cambridge, pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs and possession of criminal property at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (20 July).

The court heard how in April this year a PCSO walked past the car, a Mitsubishi 4x4, in the parking area of Golding Road and smelt cannabis.

Officers attended and searched the car and found 140 bags of cannabis worth £43,000.

Found in the Mitsubishi: 140 bags of cannabis worth £43,000

The car was registered to a property in Golding Road where officers found Rahman and arrested him for possession with intent to supply class B drugs.

 A search of the house found more than 3g of cocaine, with a street value of £250, just over £3,900 in cash and the keys to the Mitsubishi and an Audi A5 Quattro.

The Audi was searched and 34g of cocaine with a street value of £2,700 was seized as well as £769 in cash.

Found in the Audi: 3g of cocaine, with a street value of £250

Both cars were forensically examined and a further kilo of uncut cocaine with a street value of £80,000 and cannabis resin valued at £2,000 was found in the Mitsubishi.

Found in the Mitsubishi: kilo of uncut cocaine with a street value of £80,000

Yesterday Rahman was sentenced to six years and nine months imprisonment.

Sergeant Paul Street said: "The quantity of drugs in Rahman's possession demonstrated that he was dealing.

"This sentence is a reminder that we will relentlessly pursue those in the business of selling drugs."

Jailed: Maroof Rahman
