```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers have been jailed for a combined 11 years after a man was stabbed in Peterborough earlier this year.
publish:
  date: 27 Oct 2020
title: Teenagers jailed for combined 11 years after Peterborough stabbing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Monument-Street-stabbing-sentencing-Oct2020
```

Two teenagers have been jailed for a combined 11 years after a man was stabbed in Peterborough earlier this year.

The 17-year-olds, who were 16 at the time of the attack, admitted causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent but denied initial charges of attempted murder.

Just after 6pm on 1 February, police received a call from the ambulance service reporting a 36-year-old man had been stabbed multiple times in Monument Street.

It is believed the victim had arranged to meet one of the teenagers two days before the stabbing to buy heroin in exchange for two scratch cards to the value of £35.

On the day of the attack, the victim visited the same 17-year-old to buy heroin, this time paying in cash.

The teen, who was with another boy of the same age, claimed the victim had 'robbed' him - referring to the scratch card payment two days before - and was brandishing a 'rambo-style' knife.

The man was stabbed in the face, under one of his arms and in his chest before being trapped up against a wall and then pushed to the ground.

The boys, who cannot be named for legal reasons, continued to stab and punch him however the victim managed to grab the knife and the teens ran off.

DC James Campbell said: "Managing to get to a nearby house, the victim got help and was given first aid by a member of the public until the ambulance arrived. This could well have saved his life."

The teenagers appeared at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (Monday 26 October) where one was sentenced to seven years in a young offender institution and the other four years.

DC Campbell added: "So often we see violence and drugs going hand-in-hand. We're working hard to tackle the drugs market here in Peterborough, but we need the public's help. Anyone with information can play a huge part in our fight against crime by reporting it to us so we can take action."

Anyone with information about someone who carries a knife is urged to report knife crime online.
