```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A \u2018county lines\u2019 dealer of class A drugs in Peterborough has been jailed for more than three-and-a-half years."
publish:
  date: 13 Oct 2020
title: "Peterborough \u2018county lines\u2019 drug dealer jailed"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Alves-Te-sentencing
```

A 'county lines' dealer of class A drugs in Peterborough has been jailed for more than three-and-a-half years.

Heraldo Alves Te, 25, was arrested on 15 September by the Community Action Team after police received information about suspected drug dealing in the New Road area of Peterborough city centre.

Alves Te was found to be in possession of two mobile phones, and a second man, was found to be in possession of 88 wraps of heroin and crack cocaine.

No drugs were found on Alves Te, however analysis of his mobile phones showed significant evidence of organised drug dealing of class A drugs, and that he was in possession of the main 'line' for a county line running in Peterborough.

DC Louis Scott said: "County lines is another term used to reference drug networking, which involves organised crime groups extending their drug dealing business from big cities into new areas. These groups often use a phone number, known as a 'drugs line', to contact their customers and sell class A drugs.

"It is a national issue which more often than not involves the exploitation of vulnerable young people and adults by violent gang members in order to move and sell drugs across the country. County lines operate by gangs from cities, in particular London, introducing a telephone number in a new area to sell crack cocaine and heroin directly at street level.

"Potential buyers telephone the number and local runners, often children, are dispatched to make deliveries."

Alves Te, of no fixed address, appeared at Peterborough Crown Court on Friday (9 October) after pleading guilty to offering to supply crack cocaine and heroin. He was sentenced to a total of three years and nine months in prison.

DC Scott added: "As a force we are working hard to tackle drug issues in our county, including disrupting county lines and those who think they can travel to our cities, recruit other people are set up their 'business'.

"Information from the public can be a huge help with our communities being extra eyes and ears for us, so I would encourage anyone with suspicions about drug dealing to pass it on to us."

Information about drug dealing and networking can be found on the force website here, https://bit.ly/2Floqmf, along with the option to report information.

A 22-year-old man from Peterborough who was found in possession of class A drugs and arrested alongside Alves Te was released with no further action against him and enquiries are ongoing.
