```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A young woman who stabbed her partner has been handed a suspended prison sentence and ordered to complete a rehabilitation order.
publish:
  date: 17 Apr 2018
title: Rehabilitation for young woman who stabbed boyfriend
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Emily-Coldrick
```

A young woman who stabbed her partner has been handed a suspended prison sentence and ordered to complete a rehabilitation order by a court.

Emily Coldrick, 20, of Chalkwells Way in Trumpington, Cambridge, was arrested on the morning of 26 March last year (2017) after a row with her 25-year-old boyfriend resulted in her stabbing him in the shoulder with a kitchen knife.

The court heard the pair had been hosting a party at Coldrick's house when the argument began.

The victim called his friends for help after realising he had been stabbed. They called police and helped him get outside, away from Coldrick.

She followed them and wanted to speak with her boyfriend but was restrained by one of the friends.

When police arrived Coldrick was arrested and bit PC Jess Smith on the arm, through her police jacket.

The victim was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital where he required surgery on his shoulder.

In police interview Coldrick denied stabbing her boyfriend, but admitted biting PC Smith, explaining she suffers from panic attacks and will 'bite when she feels trapped'.

However, in court Coldrick admitted causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) without intent in relation to the stabbing, assault by beating, and resisting an officer in the execution of their duty.

Today (Tuesday, 17 April), she appeared at Cambridge Crown Court and, for the GBH, was sentenced to 12 months in prison, suspended for two years but with a 30-day rehabilitation activity requirement (RAR) to address offending behaviour, and she must also carry out 160 hours of unpaid work. The other two charges will lie on file.

Detective Constable Kevin Sutcliffe said: "There had been some issues between the couple on the night of the incident, but what Coldrick did cannot be justified - attacking someone with a knife is never acceptable.

"I hope that today's sentence, particularly the RAR, will go some way to changing Coldrick's behaviour and make her think about the consequences of her actions."
