```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A house in Paston has been closed to all occupants following persistent offensive and anti-social behaviour (ASB) causing neighbours to \u2018live in fear\u2019."
publish:
  date: 17 Sep 2020
title: "Paston house \u2018closed\u2019 after persistent ASB"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Holmes-Way-closure-order
```

A house in Paston has been closed to all occupants following persistent offensive and anti-social behaviour (ASB) causing neighbours to 'live in fear'.

The order was issued to 18 Holmes Way by the local Neighbourhood Policing Team yesterday afternoon (Wednesday 16 September).

Neighbourhood policing officer, PC Jessica Farchica, said: "The residents of Holmes Way have been dealing with ASB at this address for more than two years. There has been constant loud, offensive and intimidating language being used, misuse of drugs and alcohol and lots of damage caused.

"This has been made worse over the past five months during lockdown where residents lives have been made unbearable. A joint approach was taken by ourselves and Cross Keys Homes to try to get some reprieve for the residents who have been dealing with this behaviour and have described 'living in fear' at their own homes."

An initial notice was served on the house on Monday (14 September), lasting 48 hours until police could apply to magistrates for a full closure order to be made.

The successful application was made to Peterborough Magistrates' Court yesterday for the order to be in place for the next three months.

The order states the premises is subject to a closure notice to prevent disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises.

Until 15 December, the order prohibits any person from entering the premises other than Cross Keys Homes and the emergency services. The tenant will be allowed to attend to attend with police to collect their belongings.

Failure to comply with the order is a criminal offence which could result in imprisonment for up to three months, a fine, or both.

Claire Higgins, Chief Executive of Cross Keys Homes, said: "Gaining this closure order is a great example of the close working relationship we have with Cambridgeshire Constabulary and other agencies to address anti-social behaviour in our communities. Our priority is all our tenants' welfare so we take measures like this extremely seriously. They are a last resort, but when all other avenues to support tenants to change their behaviour have been exhausted, they are a powerful tool.

"We hope that the neighbours of this property will now be able to enjoy a more peaceful life. We thank all of those who worked with us to secure this positive result."
