```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who assaulted his former best friend and his ex-partner in a jealous rage, has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 2 May 2019
title: Man jailed for jealous attack
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-for-jealous-attack
```

A man who assaulted his former best friend and his ex-partner in a jealous rage has been jailed.

Dinu Chitoraga, 26, waited outside the victims' place of work in Clay Street, Histon, on 11 March and persuaded his friend to get into his car and then drove off at speed.

He drove to a property in Short Street, Cambridge, where the man and his ex-partner were now living together.

Once inside Chitoraga made his way to the bedroom. When he saw his ex-partners clothes he began hitting the man with a knuckleduster before throwing items from the bathroom at him.

He then made off, back to Clay Street, where he confronted his ex-partner, became abusive and attempted to punch her before colleagues intervened.

As police arrived, Chitoraga, of Huntingdon Road, Cambridge, tried to hide behind a car and dropped the knuckleduster but was arrested.

He admitted possession of an offensive weapon in public, criminal damage, assault causing actual bodily harm and common assault.

Yesterday (1 May) at Cambridge Crown Court he was sentenced to a year and three months in jail.

DC Lesley Sonnen said: "This was a terrifying experience for the victims, who had done nothing wrong and were simply trying to go about their day at work.

"Chitoraga's jealous behaviour was totally unacceptable and I'm pleased he has been brought before the courts as a result of his actions. Hopefully the victims can now put this experience behind them."
