```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: MEMBERS of the public are being urged to not leave possessions on display in vehicles following another spate of thefts in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 31 May 2019
title: More thefts from vehicles in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thefts_from_vehicles_in_Peterborough
```

Members of the public are being urged to not leave possessions on display in vehicles following another spate of thefts in Peterborough.

Ten offences have been reported to police in the last week with laptops, keys, sunglasses, a pram bag and baby changing items, satnavs, purses and baby clothes stolen.

Crime Reduction Officer, Helen O'Driscoll, said: "In many cases, vehicles have been entered by unknown means with no damage being caused which is obviously concerning. It is really important that all vehicles are locked and nothing of value is left in them.

"If you are lucky enough to have a driveway please do invest in a driveway alarm. Thieves will take anything they can get their hands on, including low value items, so even if something may not seem of much value to you, please keep it out of sight or ideally not left in unattended vehicles.

"While we are working to catch those who are responsible, please help us reduce the risk by keeping items out of sight and double checking your vehicle is locked before leaving it."

We advise you;

 * Ensure all doors, windows and sunroofs are closed and locked when leaving your vehicle unattended
 * Never leave valuables in your vehicle and keep any other possessions out of sight. Remove your satnav and its holder and wipe away any window suction marks as these could indicate a satnav is stored in your vehicle
 * Never leave vehicle documents in your car, as this would make it easy for a thief to sell your car or provide a cover story if stopped by the police
 * Use an approved steering lock or gear clamp and remember to set the immobiliser or alarm on your vehicle, if it has them

Anyone wanting to purchase a driveway alarm can get in touch with either of the Peterborough crime reduction officers by emailing Amanda.large@cambs.pnn.police.uk or helen.odriscoll@cambs.pnn.police.uk.
