```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who was found in possession of a large \u201CRambo style\u201D knife has been jailed for more than three years."
publish:
  date: 1 Nov 2019
title: Jail for Peterborough drug dealer who carried a large knife
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/peterborough-drug-dealer-who-carried-a-large-knife-jailed
```

A man who was found in possession of a large "Rambo style" knife has been jailed for more than three years.

Hamza Chaudhary, 24, was stopped by police on 2 October in Bourges Boulevard, Peterborough after they were alerted his car was uninsured.

When officers approached the car they spotted the knife in the foot well and he was arrested at the scene.

A further inspection of the car revealed large amounts of crack cocaine and heroin, along with drug paraphernalia, cash and a small quantity of cannabis.

Chaudhary, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, possession of class B drugs, driving without insurance and possession of a knife in a public place.

Yesterday (31 October) at Cambridge Crown Court he was sentenced to three years and four months in prison.

PC Jacob Reeves said: "Chaudhary claimed he was carrying the knife for his own protection, we hear this excuse time and time again and it is simply not acceptable.

"Carrying a knife not only puts everyone around you in danger but also increases the likelihood that you will be injured aswell."

Know someone who carries a weapon? Please help us tackle serious street based violence and report it to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report

Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
