```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A police pursuit in Peterborough has resulted in a teenager being remanded in custody ahead of his sentencing.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: Police pursuit leaves teenager in prison
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Thomas-Hill-guilty-Oct2020
```

A police pursuit in Peterborough has resulted in a teenager being remanded in custody ahead of his sentencing.

Thomas Hill, 18, was spotted by officers acting suspiciously at the BP garage in St John's Street, Eastgate, at about 8.30pm on Monday evening (19 October).

He was in a Volkswagen Sharon which was followed into Princess Street by a marked police car, and requested to stop.

As an officer approached the car, Hill sped off, leading to a pursuit on the A16 into Lincolnshire, reaching speeds of 90mph.

Hill drove through two red lights and, when on Pinchbeck Road, straddled a double white line into oncoming traffic.

Officers used a stinger to stop the vehicle, however Hill decamped and made off on foot, running through a field but was tracked down with the assistance of a Lincolnshire Police dog and a police helicopter.

A JD Sports bag was located which Hill had thrown whilst running from officers, it was found to contain about £455 worth of cannabis.

Hill, of Casterton Road in Stamford, appeared at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on Wednesday (21 October) where he admitted charges of dangerous driving, possession with intent to supply cannabis, driving without a licence, driving without insurance and driving while disqualified.

He has been remanded in custody for sentencing on a date which is yet to be set.

Anyone with information about drug dealing can report it to police online at https://bit.ly/31wolEc.
