```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: POLICE are urging residents to be vigilant and to look out for elderly relatives and neighbours following a burglary and suspicious activity in Cambridge.
publish:
  date: 17 Oct 2017
title: Vigilance warning following distraction burglary in Cambridge
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Vigilance-warning-following-distraction-burglary-in-Cambridge
```

POLICE are urging residents to be vigilant and to look out for elderly relatives and neighbours following a burglary and suspicious activity in Cambridge.

The burglary took place in Lichfield Road on Saturday (14 October) between 7pm and 8pm.

The victim, a woman in her 90s, let a woman into her house who claimed to be desperate for cash after running out of petrol.

While the victim was finding money, the woman stole a purse containing approximately £100 from the hallway side table and left.

Officers believe the same woman has made other attempts in the Chesterton and Cherry Hinton area, on each occasion claiming she has run out of petrol or broken down. Several times she has had a small child and a petrol with her when approaching people.

The woman is described as white with dark red or brown shoulder length hair.

DC John Collinson said: "It is despicable to prey on the elderly and vulnerable and we will do everything in our power to find the woman responsibly.

"I'd urge anyone who has seen anything suspicious in the area to contact us as a matter of urgency.

"If you have an elderly relative or neighbour who lives alone it's worth talking to them about this type of burglary.

"There is important advice we are trying to get over to prevent these cowardly offenders from getting into people's homes."

Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CF0592091017or report online via our website. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

To reduce the risk of becoming the victim of a distraction burglar, always remember:

**LOCK - **Is your back door locked? If not, lock it before you answer the front door as distraction burglars often work in pairs - one distracts, while the other steals

**STOP** \- Are you expecting anybody?

**CHAIN** \- Put this on before you open the door. If you have not got one, it is a worthwhile investment. It will give you that extra 'safe space' and barrier between you and the caller and then,

**CHECK** \- Ask for their identification card, take it and look at it carefully. Close the door and check the number in the phone book - not the number on the card. If they are genuine they will not mind waiting or coming back another day.
