```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Following a rise across the eastern region in thieves using more sophisticated techniques to gain access to keyless entry/start button cars, we\u2019re issuing advice to help you keep your vehicle secure and protect you from becoming a victim of crime."
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2019
title: Advice issued to help prevent keyless vehicle thefts
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Advice-issued-prevent-keyless-vehicle-thefts
```

Following a rise across the eastern region in thieves using more sophisticated techniques to gain access to keyless entry/start button cars, we're issuing advice to help you keep your vehicle secure and protect you from becoming a victim of crime.

When the correct key fob is close by, the fob recognises the signal and transmits its own code, instructing the vehicle to unlock the doors and to allow the ignition to work on the car.

Thieves use wireless transmitters to capture its radio transmission. This is relayed to another device. It allows the thief to open and start your car in the same way.

To prevent this from happening, use car key signal blocker cases or sleeves, they cost less than £10, or an aluminium tin at home. Find a safe place for your keys at home and check to ensure they are out of range.

 Following some of these other steps will also help to protect your vehicle:

 * Use a good quality crook lock or full cover steering wheel security lock to immobilise your vehicle
 * Consider fitting an 'OBD safe' device, a secure lockable device that fits over the vehicle's on board diagnostic port, in the vehicle cabin. This prevents criminals using software to code an electronic key for the vehicle
 * If your vehicle is fitted with on board wi-fi consider switching this facility off, if you do not need it which will reduce the chance of criminals hacking into the vehicle' system; your banking details or personal data from linked devices

Criminals can also employ remote/keyless entry jamming equipment; so make sure your car is locked physically by trying the door handle and viewing the indicators flash, before leaving it.
