```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A Peterborough burglar has been ordered to complete stints in rehab for drug treatment after breaking into a discount store.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2020
title: Peterborough burglar ordered to complete rehab
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Christopher-Maher-sentencing-Dec2020
```

A Peterborough burglar has been ordered to complete stints in rehab for drug treatment after breaking into a discount store.

Christopher Maher, 39, broke into QD Stores in Ortongate Centre just after midnight on 8 October this year.

Responding to the intruder alarm, officers from the Acquisitive Crime Team arrived at the scene and caught Maher in the act, leaving the front of the store via a smashed window and trailing blood on the ground.

He tried to escape after dumping a holdall, shopping basket and plastic bin filled with stolen goods, but was unable to out-run the officers.

Among the stolen goods was a charity collection tin for the East Anglia Children's Hospice.

Maher, of Morris Street in Eastgate, was charged with burglary which he admitted in court.

He appeared at Huntingdon Law Court on Friday (4 December) where he was sentenced to 12 months in prison, suspended for two years.

He must also complete a 25-day rehabilitation activity requirement and a six-month drug rehabilitation requirement.

DC Adam Blake said: "From speaking with Maher it is clear he had turned to crime to fund his drug addiction. He recognises he needs help which has now been put in place for him to receive."

Support for those suffering with drug or alcohol addiction can be found via the Aspire Recovery Service website.
