```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Almost 100 guns have been handed in as part of a two week national firearms surrender campaign.
publish:
  date: 27 Nov 2017
title: Firearms surrender campaign update
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/firearms-surrender-update
```

Almost 100 guns have been handed in as part of a two week national firearms surrender campaign.

The campaign began on 13 November and has seen 96 starting pistols, shotguns, air weapons, replicas, a deactivated anti-tank weapon and rounds of ammunition successfully surrendered to Cambridgeshire Constabulary.

Whilst Cambridgeshire experiences very little gun crime, this campaign was carried out in support of a national campaign to reduce the number of firearms held privately in the UK. In conjunction with other crime prevention campaigns, the amnesty will contribute to making Cambridgeshire and neighbouring counties safer places in which to live.

If you have a firearm in your possession that you either do not want or should not have please call 101 to arrange an appointment with one of our specially trained officers. If you have firearms you would like to discuss getting a certificate for, you should email firearms.licensing@cambs.pnn.police.uk or complete an online form.

Detective Sergeant Dan Stoddart said: "The campaign has been very successful and we have managed to take a significant number of firearms out of public circulation. Whilst gun crime is very low in Cambridgeshire, the national campaign is a great opportunity to stop guns falling into the wrong hands. We were pleased to offer a way for anyone with an unwanted firearm in their possession the opportunity to dispose of it safely."

Visit our firearms surrender page for further information.

Selection of pistols including a Luger, Mauser, Browning, Walther PPK and bottom centre an antique Pinfire revolver. Rifles top to bottom – Mauser rifle, MP5 Airsoft bb guns x2, PPSH41 machine gun, shotgun.
