```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A county-wide crackdown to tackle burglary has been hailed a success.
publish:
  date: 27 Jul 2020
title: Force cracks down on burglary
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/force-cracks-down-on-burglary
```

A county-wide crackdown to tackle burglary has been hailed a success.

Starting bright and early on Wednesday (22 July), the force's two burglary squads began the day rounding up seven outstanding suspects in Cambridge, Ely, St Ives and Peterborough.

While officers progressed their investigations, trawling through CCTV and questioning those in custody, Crime Reduction Officer Kate Thwaites visited hot-spot areas in Ely offering prevention advice to home owners and addressing local concerns.

Later in the morning the force hosted a live Q&A on Facebook for home owners elsewhere in the county.

The event, which has had more than 13,000 views, gave residents the opportunity to capitalise on the expertise of crime reduction officers, detectives and representatives from the Bobby Scheme, Safer Local Trades and Neighbourhood Watch, to get the best tips on how to keep their homes secure.

As a result of the arrests:

 * Terrence Lewis, 44, of Fen Road, Cambridge, has been charged with two counts of burglary and is due to appear in Cambridge Magistrates' Court on 24 September.
 * Robert Rust, 33, who is from Cambridge, has been recalled to prison after being charged with two counts of theft from a shop and theft of a bike after being arrested in Fitzroy Street. He is due to appear before Cambridge Magistrates' Court on 24 September.
 * A 17-year-old boy, who was arrested on suspicion of six burglary offences in St Ives, has been bailed to return to police on 19 August.
 * 41-year-old man from Cambridge was given a conditional caution after being arrested in Clifton Way, Cambridge, on suspicion of burglary.
 * 16-year-old boy from Ely arrested on suspicion of two burglaries and theft of a vehicle has been bailed to return to police on 19 August.
 * A 38-year-old man from Hampton, Peterborough, was arrested on suspicion of burglary and remains in custody at Thorpe Wood station.
 * A 29-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of burglary in Eye, he has been bailed to return to police on 31 October.

Detective Inspector Mark Barker, who runs the southern burglary team, said: "Wednesday's activity has meant several investigations have now been significantly progressed, with some now heading to court in the not too distant future.

"Tackling burglary remains a priority for the force and I would like to reassure the public that our officers work around the clock to identify those responsible and put them before the courts."

For online burglary prevention advice visit https://bit.ly/2CWcsOD
