```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three people were arrested as part of a crackdown on sexual exploitation across the county.
publish:
  date: 11 Mar 2020
title: Three arrested in prostitution crackdown
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-arrested-in-prostitution-crackdown
```

Three people were arrested as part of a crackdown on sexual exploitation across the county.

Officers visited two premises last week in connection with suspected exploitation of women who, it was suspected, were being forced to operate as sex workers.

On Thursday (5 March) a 52-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of immigration offences and money laundering in Lime Tree Avenue, Peterborough. She has since been released under investigation.

The following day in Cromwell Road, Cambridge, officers arrested a 59-year-old man and a 54-year-old woman on suspicion of controlling prostitution for gain. They have been bailed to return to police on 4 April.

DCI Alan Page said: "I would appeal to the public to report any concerns around locations where they suspect prostitution may be happening.

"In many cases the women who are selling their bodies do not have a choice in what they are doing, with organised gangs behind the organisation and management of brothels.

"Women who are forced to work in brothels are often moved into and around the UK to facilitate demand. Please report any concerns and help us protect these women."

Warning signs of modern slavery or exploitation include people:

 * Not being able to come and go as they wish
 * Being under 18 and providing commercial sex acts
 * Working in the commercial sex industry and having a pimp/manager
 * Being unpaid or paid very little
 * Working excessively long or unusual hours
 * Not being allowed breaks or suffers restrictions at work
 * Owing a large debt and being unable to pay it off
 * Being recruited through false promises
 * Having high security measures at their place of work and/or living locations e.g. opaque windows

Suspicions relating to exploitation, modern slavery and human trafficking should be reported online via www.cambs.police.uk/report or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

Concerns can also be reported to the confidential 24/7 Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121700 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

For more information about modern slavery or exploitation visit the force website: www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Modern-slavery/
