```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested and charged following a raid on two houses in Arbury, Cambridge on Wednesday (1 May).
publish:
  date: 3 May 2019
title: Three charged with drugs offences
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Three-charged-with-drugs-offences
```

Three people have been arrested and charged following a raid on two houses in Arbury, Cambridge on Wednesday (1 May).

Aileen Grimwood, 38 and Roland Hare, 40, both of Kingsway, Cambridge - together with a 17-year-old boy from Surrey - were arrested on Wednesday afternoon.

They have since been charged with possession of class A drugs with intent to supply.

All three defendants appeared at Cambridge Magistrates' Court this morning for their first hearing. Hare and the 17-year-old have both been released on conditional bail.

A 16-year-old boy from London was also arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs and possession of criminal property. He has been released on police bail while the investigation continues.

The raid was carried out by the Southern Impact Team as part of their operation to tackle county lines drug dealing in the area.

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report it online at www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report or call 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

The force's Southern Impact Team carry out planned policing operations - including warrants and arrests - across the south of the county. There is also a Northern Impact Team carrying out similar work in the north of the county.

The proactive policing teams were set up in May 2018 and act on intelligence reported to the force from a variety of different sources, including 101 calls and reports made through the force website.

** **
