```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the murder of Peter Anderson in Cambridge are appealing for some teenagers who first raised the alarm to come forward.
publish:
  date: 1 Aug 2018
title: Cambridge murder week-on appeal
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Cambridge-murder-week-on-appeal
```

Detectives investigating the murder of Peter Anderson in Cambridge are appealing for some teenagers who first raised the alarm to come forward.

Today (1 August) is a week since Mr Anderson was stabbed to death but officers believe people with potentially crucial information have still not come forward.

Detectives from the Bed, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit will be on Stourbridge Common between 3pm and 5pm today, handing out leaflets and attempting to get further information from the public.

Detective Chief Inspector Mike Branston said he was particularly keen to speak to a small group of teenagers who attempted to save Mr Anderson's life by alerting others on the common that he was injured.

It is known that a young man was cycling past at the time and could also have vital information.

DCI Branston said: "Detectives will be out and about during that period of time when, seven days ago, people may have seen something that could provide the key to this investigation.

"I would urge anyone who was in the area at the time, particularly those young people who tried to help Mr Anderson, to come forward. He and his loved ones deserve justice but we need the public's assistance to bring his attacker to justice.

"If you prefer not to speak to police then please call Crimestoppers or visit the UK police major incident website."

Mr Anderson, 46, was attacked on Stourbridge Common at about 4.15pm on Wednesday, 25 July.

A post mortem examination concluded he died of stab wounds.

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting incident number 339 of 25 July or visit https://mipp.police.uk/operation/554. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
