```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two teenagers have been jailed for a combined total of 16 years for stabbing a 15-year-old boy in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 20 Sep 2018
title: Pair jailed for Peterborough stabbing
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Marshall-Williams-and-Makundi
```

Two teenagers have been jailed for a combined total of 16 years for stabbing a 15-year-old boy in Peterborough.

Mark Makundi, 18, of Cissbury Ring, Peterborough, and Felix Marshall-Williams, 16, of Saint Pauls Road, Peterborough, were sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday morning (Wednesday 19 September), after being found guilty of assault by grievously bodily harm (GBH) with intent following a trial earlier this year.

In December last year, Makundi and Marshall-Williams approached a group of boys playing football at the basketball court within Fulbridge Road park.

Felix Marshall-Williams

An argument broke out between Makundi, Marshall-Williams and one of the boys about being in the 'wrong postcode' before both Makundi and Marshall-Williams stabbed the boy in the chest and side before running away.

Marshall-Williams was identified as a suspect and arrested at his home where officers found the knife. Forensic scientists were able to link the blade to the incident, as the victim's DNA was found on the knife.

Makundi was identified from CCTV footage and arrested at his home. An electronic tag he was wearing also placed him in the area at the time of the incident.

Mark Makundi

Yesterday Marshall-Williams was sentenced to nine years in prison, extended for five years on licence, for GBH with intent. Makundi was jailed for seven years for GBH with intent. They both received no separate penalty for possessing a blade in a public place.

Detective Constable Paul Twell said: "This was a nasty assault where the victim was lucky to have survived.

"Both offenders denied being involved all the way through the investigation, however there was overwhelming evidence to prove they were both responsible."
