```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police Dog Dizzie recently licensed as an Explosive Search Detection Dog after completing a course run by the West Midlands Police Dog Training Centre.
publish:
  date: 17 Jul 2018
title: PD Dizzie successfully passes Explosive Search Detection Dog course
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/pd-dizzie-successfully-passes-explosive-search-detection-dog-course-0526BCH
```

* ### Police Dog Dizzie successfully completed the 10-week long course on Thursday, July 12.

 * ### Dizzie and his handler will respond to spontaneous incidents, as well as high profile events such as concerts.

 * ### The duo will be deployed across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire.

Police Dog Dizzie recently licensed as an Explosive Search Detection Dog after completing a course run by the West Midlands Police Dog Training Centre.

One-year-old Springer Spaniel Dizzie joined the team after being bred by the West Midlands Police Breeding Scheme.

He is partnered with Police Dog Oz's handler and they passed the 10-week long course on Thursday, July 12.

Dizzie and his handler now join a small specialist search team that is available across Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire (BCH). They will be deployed to assist at high-profile events around the three counties, such as football matches, concerts and VIP visits.

The duo will also respond to spontaneous incidents, such as where a suspicious package has been identified.

Dizzie has also been acclimatised to flying inside the National Police Air Service helicopters should the need arise for the pair to be deployed quickly around the three forces.

Superintendent Mark Greenhalgh from the BCH Joint Protective Services said: "Dizzie and his handler should be very proud of their achievement in successfully completing this course. It was both challenging and demanding, but very rewarding.

Superintendent Mark Greenhalgh from the BCH Joint Protective Services said: "Dizzie and his handler should be very proud of their achievement in successfully completing this course. It was both challenging and demanding, but very rewarding.

"Their training isn't in response to any specific threat in any of the three counties, but bolsters the Dog Unit's skill base and operational capability to assist officers around the forces and ultimately help further protect members of the public."

** **
