```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who attacked his partner so forcefully that she feared for her life has been jailed for more than seven years.
publish:
  date: 26 Sep 2018
title: Jail for man who attacked partner
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-man-attacked-partner
```

A man who attacked his partner so forcefully that she feared for her life has been jailed for more than seven years.

Anthony Dean, 39 of The Paddock, Eaton Ford, St Neots, launched the attack on 6 May this year.

His anger escalated after watching Liverpool lose 1-0 to Chelsea in a football match and following an argument with his mother, Cambridge Crown Court heard.

While watching the match on TV, Dean began to get agitated and mad. After the football finished he told his partner he was going to the pub, but returned minutes later angrier than before.

He left once again, but later rang his partner screaming at 8.20pm after she called someone he didn't want her to.

Dean told her he wasn't coming home but later walked in and began the attack.
He grabbed her arms, slamming her against a kitchen cupboard where she hit the back of her head.

Dean then punched his partner several times to her face, before making threats to kill her.

The woman dropped to the floor where Dean began kicking her body and face, before stamping on her face with his whole body weight.

She started screaming and shouting for help but the attack continued as he threw plates and a kettle at her, which hit her arms and legs.

The victim was admitted to hospital and suffered a fractured right eye socket - which later needed surgery - and a broken little finger.

Dean previously pleaded guilty to GBH with intent and at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (21 September), he was jailed for a total of seven years and six months.
He was also made the subject of a five-year restraining order.

PC Jerry Marek said: "I hope the conclusion of this case will help the victim to move on and re-build the rest of her life.

"Tackling domestic abuse is a priority for the constabulary. We are working hard to protect vulnerable people and bring perpetrators like Dean to justice."

For support and advice concerning domestic abuse visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse

Jailed: Anthony Dean
