```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The attack on 27 April last year featured on Channel 4 documentary Famous and Fighting Crime
publish:
  date: 28 Mar 2019
title: Groom who started attack at own wedding reception sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/luke-stone-joshua-stone-attack-peterborough-wedding-reception
```

A groom who started an attack at his own wedding reception which left a man with a fractured jaw has been sentenced.

The attack on 27 April last year featured on Channel 4 documentary Famous and Fighting Crime - and the two defendants in the case were interviewed by celebrity Penny Lancaster alongside the investigating officer.

The victim had been at a comedy club night at the Cresset, in Peterborough, with his partner who was then invited by her friend to the wedding reception of 30-year-old Luke Stone, of Goodwood Road in Bretton, Peterborough.

The victim had entered the function room to the wedding reception, held in the same building, and was stood with his partner when the groom walked over and punched him in the face.

The man was immediately punched for a second time by the groom's brother Joshua, 22 of Kirkmeadow in Bretton, Peterborough, causing him to fall to the floor unconscious.

Staff at the Cresset Theatre placed the victim in the recovery position while they waited for police and paramedics.

Both defendants left the scene before officers arrived. The victim was taken to hospital with a fractured jaw.

The assault was caught on CCTV and the defendants were arrested and interviewed the following day.

In police interview, with DC Sam Delmer and celebrity Penny, Luke Stone claimed he punched the victim because he feared being assaulted by the man himself.

He claimed he wouldn't wish serious injury on anyone, but added that if he could say anything to the victim he would say 'don't gate-crash parties'.

The defendant admitted it was him in the CCTV footage and said in hindsight he should have got a staff member to ask the victim to leave the party.

In his police interview, Joshua Stone said he had been drinking all evening and admitted things had got 'messy'.

He accepted punching the victim but said he believed it was just a 'warning jab' and didn't mean to hit the man so hard.

The defendant watched the CCTV footage and showed remorse for what he had done.

He said he wanted to protect his family and would have resolved the issue in 'a more civilised manner' if he hadn't been drinking.

Luke Stone previously pleaded guilty to common assault, while Joshua Stone previously admitted causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent.

Both defendants were sentenced at Peterborough Crown Court today (28 March).

Joshua Stone was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for 18 months, and ordered to pay £1,000 in compensation to the victim.

Luke Stone was handed a conditional discharge and ordered to pay £500 in compensation.

DC Sam Delmer, who investigated, said: "On what should have been one of the happiest days of Luke Stone's life, he decided to punch another man, together with his brother, and then flee.

"This was a nasty and serious assault that was exacerbated by alcohol.

"The outcome for the victim, who was simply out having fun with his partner on a Friday night, could have been much worse and I'd like to praise him for supporting a conviction in this case."

More of the latest news, witness appeals and court reports are available on the force website here.
