```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Christoferr Tacadena has been sentenced to three months in prison, suspended for a year, for helping to steal thousands of pounds.
publish:
  date: 30 Apr 2018
title: Suspended sentence for man who helped steal thousands of pounds
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/suspended-sentence-tacadena
```

A man who helped to steal thousands of pounds from an electrical company has received a suspended sentence.

Christoferr Tacadena, 21, of Harvest Road, Cambridge pleaded guilty to concealing criminal property and was today (30 April) sentenced to three months in prison, suspended for a year, at Cambridge Crown Court.

Tacadena was offered the chance to make money in 2016 by providing an unknown offender with his bank details and withdrawing the money once it had arrived.

In June 2016 a fake email account was set up and an email sent to an employee of Manstal UK, a Birmingham based electrical company, from someone claiming to be the company's managing director.

In the email the person asked the employee to transfer £19,550.18 into Tacadena's personal bank account for 'services rendered'.

The employee had no reason to believe the email was fraudulent and sent the money to Tacadena who travelled to London and purchased more than £13,000 of Euros at various Bureau De Changes and sent them on to the offender.

Detective Constable James Weston said: "There's no such thing as 'quick, easy, wins' when it comes to making money and in this case Tacadena was a small cog in a much bigger chain of criminals.

"I would urge people to be aware of scams. The sentences that come with them are not worth the risk."

A Proceeds of Crime Act direction hearing will take place in July.
