```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who harassed his ex-partner and threw rocks through her front door has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 20 Mar 2020
title: Man jailed for harassing ex-girlfriend
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-for-harassing-ex-girlfriend
```

A man who harassed his ex-partner and threw rocks through her window has been jailed.

Daniel Brock, 33, was issued with a restraining order against his ex-girlfriend in May 2018, which stipulated he could not contact her or go to the road where she lived in Cambridge.

On 14 September at about 10.30pm, the victim was in her kitchen when a rock was thrown through a glass window, causing it to smash and cut her leg.

When she went outside, she found Brock who threw his bike down in front of her and ran off.

Police were called and he was arrested in a house nearby about an hour later.

Brock, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to breach of a restraining order and criminal damage and was sentenced to 26 months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court on Wednesday (18 March). He was also handed an 18 month criminal behaviour order.

DC Alex Swinborne said: "Brock harassed this woman and left her in fear of her own safety.

"I would urge anyone who believes they are being harassed to get in touch. We will continue to work tirelessly to safeguard victims and put dangerous offenders before the courts."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse
