```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man was found in possession of class A drugs worth \xA32,000 after attempting to run away from police."
publish:
  date: 16 Aug 2019
title: Man found in possession of class A drugs jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Chestnut-Grove-Cambridge-possession-of-drugs-arrest
```

Wandile Mirazi, 24, was a passenger in a Volkswagen Golf seen by police being driven erratically along Elizabeth Way, Cambridge, at about 7.20pm on Sunday, 30 June.

Officers watched as it made a U-turn and was driven at excessively slow speed behind the police car.

As it overtook the police vehicle, officers signalled for it to stop but the driver continued for some time before stopping at the junction with Hawthorn Way.

As the car pulled over and officers got out of their car, Mirazi got out and ran off along Hawthorn Way.

An officer in pursuit witnessed him throw two bags over the fence of a garden.

The chase continued and Mirazi was detained and arrested in Chestnut Grove.

A subsequent search of the garden uncovered two bags of class A drugs, which were later confirmed as heroin and cocaine.

While in custody, Mirazi was searched and found in possession of another bag of cocaine and £340 in cash.

Mirazi, of Canary Wharf, London, pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class A drugs and was sentenced to three years and four months imprisonment today (16 August) at Cambridge Crown Court.

PC Steve Girdlestone said: "Mirazi twice attempted to evade arrest by running off and throwing drugs into a nearby garden.

"However, thanks to the dedication of the officers he was detained and will now spend time behind bars."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report this to us by reporting online at https://www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report or calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency
