```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detective appeals directly to drugs community
publish:
  date: 9 Aug 2018
title: Fresh appeal on Peter Anderson murder
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/murder-Peter-Anderson-appeal-drugs
```

A detective investigating the murder of Peter Anderson in Cambridge has made an appeal directly to those involved in the Cambridge drugs community.

Detective Inspector Alan Page said there were still people with information about the killing who had not come forward.

Mr Anderson, 46, also known as Blue, died from stab wounds after being attacked on Stourbridge Common at about 4.15pm on 25 July. It is believed he may have been there to buy drugs.

The fresh appeal comes as a further arrest was made in connection with the murder in London this morning (9 August).

The 20-year-old man was arrested in the Metropolitan police area on suspicion of murder, possession of a knife and being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and is due to be transported to Parkside Police Station this morning.

DI Page said: "I believe there are still a lot of people with information who might be shying away from speaking to police but I would urge them to come forward.

"This is a murder. Blue was a well-loved character in the community and we need to get justice for him and his loved ones.

"If you have information about what happened on that afternoon on Stourbridge Common please come forwards. This investigation is still very much ongoing and we are following up many lines of inquiry."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting incident number 339 of 25 July or visit https://mipp.police.uk/operation/554. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

An 18-year-old man from London has been charged with the murder and other drugs offences. He has been remanded and is due to appear again on 31 August at Cambridge Crown Court.
