```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Remarkable acts of compassion, dedication and tenacity by officers and staff have been praised at a socially distanced awards ceremony this evening (8 September).
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: Congratulations from Chief Superintendents
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Congratulations-from-chief-supts
```

**Remarkable acts of compassion, dedication and tenacity by officers and staff have been praised at a socially distanced awards ceremony this evening.**

The Chief Superintendent Commendations Ceremony was held at police headquarters in Hinchingbrooke this evening (8 September) with awards going to those who had gone above and beyond the call of duty to help others.

Chief Superintendents Mark Greenhalgh and Chris Mead praised those who had excelled as they presented the awards.

They said: "Going that extra mile is something you should be enormously proud of.

"As we present these awards to our officers and staff, it is with a sense of pride that we read the stories of outstanding bravery, compassion and kindness towards others in very difficult circumstances, not to mention the grit and determination each and every one of you has shown.

"You have stepped up to help someone in need and gone above and beyond for the people of Cambridgeshire and your fellow colleagues. You should be incredibly proud of yourselves."

**Just some of those who received awards …**

Sergeant Stuart Miller and DC Kellymarie Harman were both praised for their work on an aggravated burglary investigation.

During the incident three men broke into the victim's property and attacked her, breaking her arms and legs and knocking some of her teeth out.

The victim was severely traumatised, but DC Harman supported her by arranging a move away from the area and made herself available out of hours. DC Harman went above and beyond to ensure the victim felt safe to engage with the police throughout the investigation.

Sgt Miller managed a number of enquiries including a forensic strategy and complex disclosure work resulting in two suspects standing trial.

One defendant pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary, grievous bodily harm and criminal damage. He was jailed for 12 years.

Sgt Miller and DC Harman's work safeguarded the victim, ensuring their welfare, while removing the risk posed to the public by an exceptionally violent offender.

DC Mat Belfitt was commended for his exceptional work on a complex operation which resulted in two convictions for conspiracy to supply class A drugs.

Following a firearms operation searches were carried out at four addresses and six suspects were arrested.

DC Belfitt sifted through large quantities of evidence and took a case to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). This resulted in two suspects being charged and remanded in custody.

Under pressure due to custody time limits he brought together a number of lines of enquiry including forensic and communication evidence to present to the CPS.

He displayed both diligence and professionalism in his engagement with the CPS. DC Belfitt managed this around a period of time off for a knee operation.

The two primary defendants have now pleaded guilty and received sentences of six and five and a half years.

DC Belfitt has continued the investigation securing charges against a further suspect.

This work caused significant disruption to county line drug supply in the Peterborough and Wisbech areas, as well as the destruction of a large quantity of Class A drugs.

Civilian Investigator Mel Telford was commended for her commitment to victim care and tenacity investigating a sexual assault.

The victim in the case was in her 70s and suffered from a number of health problems. Mel completed the investigation with a dedication to achieving an outcome for the victim.

She twice challenged and successfully appealed the Crown Prosecution Service decision to take no further action on the case.

Positive charging decisions were achieved and such was the strength of the case, a guilty plea was entered at court. The suspect was jailed for four years and was given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for 10 years.

PCs Lianna Bell and James Nicholas were awarded for their tenacity, dedication and empathy as they engaged with a victim of domestic abuse and charged her abuser.

The officers attended an initial report of criminal damage at a property on 6 June last year. Through talking to the victim over a considerable amount of time it became clear that she had been subjected to horrendous abuse for a three-year period.

The abuse included torture, violence and depriving the victim of sleep; causing significant impact on her mental health.

Details of the abuse were later disclosed to the duty Detective Inspector and officers in dedicated domestic abuse teams, who all agreed the severity of the ordeal was unlike anything they had seen before.

The victim decided not to support further action being taken, but an evidence led prosecution was pursued which led to the man being charged, remanded and jailed.

Engaging with the victim and gathering evidence at an early stage protected her from further harm and potentially saved her life.

As well as awards for officers on operational duties, there was also much praise for members of police staff who have gone above and beyond to help their fellow colleagues.

One such person was mobile comms administrator, Michelle Edwards, who was nominated for her dedication to equality, commitment to force values and for being a trailblazer for LGBT issues within the force.

Michelle has acted as an expert point of contact for colleagues dealing with LGBT issues and as an expert on policy considerations, particularly relating to Trans issues.

She has represented the constabulary both locally and nationally and has been a leader in organising an annual LGBT policing conference in Cambridgeshire.

Her work on LGBT issues has forged links and trust between police and the LGBT community at large and she has done this while successfully managing her busy day job.
