```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man who took out store and credit cards in his stepdaughter\u2019s name and made purchases without her consent has been sentenced."
publish:
  date: 8 Jan 2021
title: "Stepfather took out loans and credit cards in stepdaughter\u2019s name"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/stepfather-took-out-loans-in-stepdaughters-name
```

A man who took out store and credit cards in his stepdaughter's name and made purchases without her consent has been sentenced.

Robert Green, 43, opened a store card, credit card and took out a loan for more than £700 in his stepdaughter's name between September 2019 and January 2020 when he and the family were living in Cambridgeshire.

Green's victim realised something was wrong when she checked her credit score online and noticed a number of credit cards and a loan she hadn't applied for.

The total amount outstanding on both cards and the loan was £1,600.

A family member confronted Green and found the cards in his wallet before calling police.

In police interview, Green admitted taking out the store card and the credit card, but answered "no comment" when asked about the loan.

However, officers made a Freedom of Information request, which revealed Green had obtained the loan in the victim's name.

Green, of Anchor Drive, Tipton, West Midlands, pleaded guilty to three counts of fraud by false representation.

He was sentenced to 20 weeks imprisonment, suspended for 18 months at Huntingdon Magistrates' Court on Tuesday (5 January). He was also ordered to complete a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement and pay more than £200 in costs.

PC Zena Chapman, who investigated, said: "Green's selfish, fraudulent actions put his stepdaughter's future in jeopardy as her credit score was impacted by the cards and loans he took out.

"He showed no regard for the impact this might have on her future ability to take out credit and loans and completely eroded any trust between himself and his family.

"Fraud is a priority area for the force and we will do all we can to tackle it."

For more information on fraud, visit: https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Fraud
