```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating the discovery of the body of a man in Wisbech have arrested two men on suspicion of murder.
publish:
  date: 10 May 2020
title: Two arrested over Wisbech murder
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/murder-arrest-in-wisbech-20
```

Detectives investigating the discovery of the body of a man in Wisbech have arrested two men on suspicion of murder.

The men, aged 24 and 27, and both from Wisbech, have been taken to Thorpe Wood Police Station.

Detectives are now treating the death as murder. A post mortem examination carried out by Dr Ben Swift at Peterborough City Hospital today (10 May) concluded the cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head.

The victim is believed to be a 28-year-old man from Wisbech, however, he has not yet been formally identified.

Police were called by a member of the public at about 5.10am yesterday (9 May) with a report a body had been discovered outside an industrial unit in Sandall Road, Wisbech.

The road remains closed.

Detective Chief Supt Martin Brunning, from the Beds, Cambs and Herts Major Crime Unit, said: "This man was subjected to a brutal assault and we have a team of detectives dedicated to bringing the person, or people, responsible to justice.

"We are in touch with the victim's next of kin and are keeping them updated on the fast-moving developments.

"Extra police patrols were deployed in the town yesterday and this will continue into next week. This is a tragic death. I am satisfied it is a contained incident and officers working in Wisbech will be a reassuring presence for local people who may feel alarmed by these events.

"I would urge anyone who thinks they know anything about the murder, no matter how insignificant it may seem, to contact police."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 quoting incident 107 of 9 May or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org."
