```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: NEIGHBOURHOOD policing officers have hailed a dispersal order a success after it was put in place to prevent car drifting events in Peterborough.
publish:
  date: 24 Jun 2019
title: Dispersal order a success
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Dispersal_order_success
```

Neighbourhood policing officers have hailed a dispersal order a success after it was put in place to prevent car drifting events in Peterborough.

The order, which enabled, police to move people on from an area where they suspect their behaviour is anti-social, was in place between 5pm on Friday (21 June) and 10am on Sunday (23 June).

The measure was taken in response to information about car meet ups in multiple locations across the city.

During the period of the dispersal order 11 dispersal warnings issued, one arrest made for drug driving following a collision in Fengate, one traffic offence report (TOR) issued for not wearing a seat belt and one motorcyclist received a warning under Section 59 of the Police Reform Act 2002 for anti-social driving.

On Friday evening officers from the Peterborough neighbourhood policing team engaged with a number of people in the Royce Road area of Peterborough.

On Saturday evening officers from the local response teams and Road Policing Unit attended the area of Hampton Hargate where a number of high performance vehicles had been reported by a member of the public.

Officers spoke with a group of about 20 to 30 people who were already aware of the dispersal order and intended to leave the county. Following this, no further reports were received about nuisance vehicles.

The authority covered the area encompassed by Paston Parkway, Lincoln Road, Hurn Rad, Castor Road, Marholm Road, Soke Parkway, Nene Parkway, Oundle Road, A1, Fletton Parkway, Frank Perkins Parkway, Fengate, Newark Road, Oxney Road, Parnwell Way and back onto the Paston Parkway.

Officers also patrolled the Orton Southgate and Fengate areas and spoke with local businesses and residents.

Detective Inspector Dave Taylor said: "We were made aware of social media posts about planned events in Peterborough which would involve a large number of vehicles 'drifting'.

"Not only does this activity cause distress to residents and disruption to local businesses but it is incredibly dangerous. A few years ago in Stapledon Road there was a serious collision as a result of this activity which left three people with life-changing injuries.

"The dispersal order was a clear success with officers issuing several warnings and breaking up large groups before problems started to arise.

"We didn't have many reports from residents about anti-social driving so we will look to implement dispersal orders again should we receive intelligence that a meet up is due to take place.

"We are also looking at the issue longer term within the neighbourhood policing teams. We will be looking to work with the local council, residents, business owners and car enthusiast groups to minimise future issues."
