```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who forged signatures on electoral papers in a bid to become a local councillor in Peterborough has been given a suspended sentence.
publish:
  date: 29 Aug 2018
title: Suspended sentence in electoral fraud case
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Suspended-sentence-electoral-fraud
```

A man who forged signatures on electoral papers in a bid to become a local councillor in Peterborough has been given a suspended sentence.

Richard Horton, 29, was aiming to become the Green Party candidate for the Fletton and Woodston Ward in the elections in May this year.

To run in the local elections candidates must complete a form and gain the signatures of ten supporters who appear on the electoral register.

When the returning officer reviewed Horton's form on 3 April she recognised two of the names listed as people she knew had moved to Australia last year.

The returning officer contacted police to report her concerns and Horton was interviewed. During the interview he admitted falsifying all 10 signatures that appeared on the form.

Today (29 August) at Peterborough Magistrates' Court **,** Horton, of Wharf Road, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to falsifying signatures on election papers. He was handed a two-month suspended sentence, ordered to complete 100 hours of unpaid work, pay a victim surcharge of £115 and £85 costs.

Detective Inspector Andy Tolley said: "We are proud, and extremely fortunate, to live in a country that values democracy. We take allegations of electoral fraud incredibly seriously and attempts to unlawfully gain office will not be tolerated."

A spokesperson for Peterborough City Council said: "Peterborough City Council and Cambridgeshire Constabulary are working closely to reduce the risk of election fraud being committed and ensure voters have confidence in the electoral system."
