```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Saving canines in distress, seizing stolen goods and impounding thousands of pounds worth of drugs is (quite literally) all in a day\u2019s work for the Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT)."
publish:
  date: 12 May 2020
title: Triumphant twenty-four hours for the rural crime team
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/rcat-24-warrant
```

Saving canines in distress, seizing stolen goods and impounding thousands of pounds worth of drugs is (quite literally) all in a day's work for the Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT).

In the last 24 hours, the team, along with officers from Huntingdon, South Cambs and St Neots, executed a staggering eight warrants in Brington.

There they discovered and seized a quad bike, which had been stolen from a property in Buckinghamshire and 115 cannabis plants, which, when mature, could fetch a street value of up to £92,000.

Officers also found a lurcher dog, which was chained up in poor condition with a nasty cut along his back. With no owner around to claim the canine, officers seized him for welfare reasons and hurriedly took him to a local vet for treatment and on to a place of safety.

With barely time for a cup of tea the RCAT team then hotfooted it to Glatton after they received a call from a concerned property owner, who had discovered some suspicious packages in one of their rented outbuildings.

When officers arrived at the scene they unearthed a vast number of unopened boxes and bags, which contained drug-growing paraphernalia all ready to be set up.

With nobody around and nobody claiming the goods were theirs, officers seized them as stolen and promptly put paid to this potentially profitable drugs operation before it had chance to grow roots.

RCAT Sergeant, Craig Flavell, said: "The role of the RCAT team is incredibly varied and never dull, as the last 24 hours has shown.

"I'm really pleased we've been able to take drugs off the streets, stop a potential second operation, reunite someone with their stolen property and rescue a dog, which was in a terrible state.

"We will continue to work tirelessly to combat crime and support our rural communities."

If you live in a rural area and have a concern or information about a crime, please report it to us via 101 or online -> www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report
