```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Cambridgeshire Constabulary, together with partner agencies, will once again be returning to Facebook to host a live domestic abuse question and answer session.
publish:
  date: 28 Oct 2020
title: Police and partners hold live domestic abuse Q&A session
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-and-partners-hold-live-domestic-abuse-qa-session-2
```

**Cambridgeshire Constabulary, together with partner agencies, will once again be returning to Facebook to host a live domestic abuse question and answer session.**

At 5.45pm on Friday (30 October), safeguarding experts will be on hand to answer domestic abuse related questions from members of the public on the force's Facebook page.

The session will be the fourth of its kind and this month's theme will focus on providing advice and support around honour-based abuse.

The panel will include a representative from police, Cambridgeshire County Council's Adult and Child Social Care, Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Clinical Commissioning Group and Cambridgeshire and Peterborough's Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence Partnership.

The public will have the opportunity to post their questions on the Facebook wall and receive live time answers and advice from the panel. Additionally, people will also have the option of sending a private message if they wish to remain anonymous.

Honour-based abuse can affect anybody and can often be committed in an attempt to protect or defend the 'honour' of a family or community.

It usually involves family members or friends believing someone has brought shame to their family or community, by doing something outside their traditional beliefs or culture.

As part of the session, the panel will be looking to raise awareness of honour-based abuse and provide advice on how victims can gain support and be safeguarded from offenders.

The public will also be invited to ask any other domestic abuse related questions they have.

Detective Inspector Dave Savill said: "Honour-based abuse sadly often still happens behind closed door and can have truly devastating impacts on victims and wider communities.

"It can often result in isolation, a lack of independence and even forced marriage for some victims.

"Our message is simple, there is absolutely no honour in threatening or harming others and there's no instances of honour-based abuse that are too minor to report to us.

"Our specialist officers are working tirelessly to target offenders and safeguard victims. It's so important that we get the message out there that we will be there for victims every step of the way and hopefully this Q&A encourages at least one victim to reach out.

"So, whether you're a victim or concerned family, friend or neighbour, we will be on hand to offer advice and we hope to help as many of you as possible."

Top tips and advice will also be posted throughout the hour-long session and all members of the public are encouraged to get involved to have their questions answered.

For more information and support around domestic abuse, visit our web page.
