```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A former primary school caretaker who secretly recorded indecent videos of pupils has been [sentence].
publish:
  date: 5 Aug 2020
title: Former caretaker secretly recorded indecent videos of pupils
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/former-caretaker-secretly-recorded-indecent-videos-of-pupils
```

A former primary school caretaker who secretly recorded indecent videos of pupils has been jailed for five years.

Charles Wixcey, 67, worked at the Cambridgeshire school for 11 years, retiring in 2017 but continuing to volunteer until he was replaced.

Wixcey first came to the attention of police in May 2018 when a girl told her family how he had touched her inappropriately while administering first aid.

He was arrested at his home in Hardwick Road, Eynesbury, and had his electronic devices seized for examination.

Officers found 80 indecent images of children, of which 23 were classed as category A, the most severe, on a laptop.

They also uncovered several videos of children getting changed at his home that he had captured using a hidden camera.

Another indecent video, taken while he was administering first aid to a girl at the school, was also found on the laptop as well as more indecent images of two pupils.

On a second laptop officers found 849 still images from two videos Wixcey had taken using a hidden camera set up to record pupils going to the toilet.

Further photos, taken from videos Wixcey had secretly recorded while pupils got changed in classrooms, were also found on the laptop.

Wixcey was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court today (5 August) after pleading guilty to one count of assaulting a girl under 13 by touching, ten counts of voyeurism, five counts of taking an indecent image of a child and a separate charge of making indecent images of children.

In addition to the custodial sentence he was also handed a 10-year sexual harm prevention order and placed on the Sex Offenders Register for 10 years.

DC Mark Beaven, who investigated, said: "Wixcey abused his position of trust to prey on young and vulnerable children for his own satisfaction.

"No sentence will ever erase what has happened to the victims, but I am hopeful it will help them to move on with the rest of their lives.

"Tackling child abuse is a priority for the force and we are working hard every day to keep children safe and bring offenders before the courts."

Jonathan Lewis, Director of Education for Cambridgeshire County and Peterborough City Council, said: "The school worked with the Local Authority and the police throughout and fully complied with the investigation.

"I would like to thank them for their diligence. Ensuring the safety and protection of their pupils and staff remains the number one priority at the school."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through Clare's Law and Sarah's Law.

For information and advice about child abuse, including sexual abuse, visit the force website: www.cambs.police.uk/childprotection.

Anyone who has concerns about child abuse should contact police on 101 (or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report), children's social care or the NSPCC. If a child is in immediate danger always call 999.
