```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three men have each been jailed for 18 months after being found guilty of violent disorder in Peterborough earlier this year (2020).
publish:
  date: 26 Oct 2020
title: Trio each jailed for 18 months over Peterborough violent disorder
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Delatowski-Sonta-Surmacki-sentencing
```

Three men have each been jailed for 18 months after being found guilty of violent disorder in Peterborough earlier this year (2020).

The trio were arrested in the early hours of 4 March in connection with an investigation into six instances of arson attacks using petrol bombs on vehicles and properties in the Eastfield, New England and Millfield areas over the space of four days.

Tomasz Delatowski (left), 38, of Swan Gardens, Olaf Sonta (middle), 33, of Cobbet Place and Adrian Surmacki (right), 22, of Eastfield Road, were charged with violent disorder and possessing weapons after the car they were located in contained baseball bats, machetes and other weapons.

On 3 March police received three phone calls from members of the public about a group of men with weapons, shouting, drinking and assaulting a man in Orchard Street.

DC Matt Lauch said: "Thanks to one witness who managed to note down the registration of one of the vehicles used by the group, we were able to locate them in a short space of time with the weapons still in the car.

"There were a significant number of weapons and objects which had been modified to use as weapons, including baseball bats, knives, axes and poles."

Further reports included windows being smashed at a house in Orchard Street and an axe and pair of scissors being recovered from a nearby bush.

The men, who have been remanded in custody since their arrest at the start of March, were found guilty of violent disorder and possessing offensive weapons in a public place. Delatowski admitted additional charges of possession of a knife in a public place and possession of class B drugs.

All three men were sentenced at the conclusion of their trial at Cambridge Crown Court on Tuesday (20 October), each being handed 18 months in prison.

DC Lauch addedd: "This was a complex investigation but through hard work and good relationships with our communities, we have managed to put these dangerous men behind bars."
