```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A cannabis dealer continued to sell drugs in Cambridge - despite knowing he was being investigated by police.
publish:
  date: 16 May 2019
title: Drug dealer jailed after ignoring warning
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drug-dealer-jailed-after-ignoring-warning
```

A cannabis dealer continued to sell drugs in Cambridge - despite knowing he was being investigated by police.

Jordan De Silva, 22, was checking a bag into the cloakroom of the Regal Pub, Cambridge, 2am on 6 May when a member of staff commented there was a strong smell of cannabis. De Silva then offered to sell cannabis to the staff member, before walking off into the pub.

Pub security staff detained De Silva and searched him, finding 12 bags of cannabis and £475, before calling police.

In custody, De Silva remarked he was "going away anyway, so what's the point", making reference to a previous arrest in July last year, when he was found in Histon with two wraps of cocaine.

After this arrest, officers searched his home and found 36 individual packets of cannabis and a set of digital scales. De Silva's phone was seized, revealing messages linking him to drug dealing and a debt sheet.

He was released under investigation after denying drugs offences.

After this month's arrest, De Silva admitted offences of possessing cocaine and cannabis with intent to supply and was today jailed for 30 months at Cambridge Crown Court.

PC Dan Scott said: "De Silva had clearly not learned his lesson, offering drugs openly to a member of staff in a busy pub.

"He is a young man with a life ahead of him so I hope this prison sentence gives him the wake-up call he needs to turn his life around."

If you suspect somebody is involved in drug dealing, report this to us by reporting online at https://www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report or calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.
