```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A three-month partial closure order has been served on a flat in New England following ongoing reports of anti-social behaviour.
publish:
  date: 8 Feb 2021
title: "New England home \u2018closed\u2019 following persistent ASB"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Johnson-Walk-closure-order-Feb2021
```

A three-month partial closure order has been served on a flat in New England following ongoing reports of anti-social behaviour (ASB).

The order was issued to 22 Johnson Walk by the local Neighbourhood Policing Team last month as a result of numerous reports of ASB including visitors during lockdown, violence, threatening behaviour, drug taking and excessive noise.

The successful application was made to Peterborough Magistrates' Court on 22 January for the order to be in place until 22 April.

The order states the premises is subject to a closure order as use of the premises has resulted, or is likely to result, in nuisance to members of the public from ongoing drug use within the premises, as well as disorder near the premises associated with its use.

It prohibits any person from entering the premises other than the legal tenant, managers of the property from Cross Keys Homes, emergency service workers and professionals who support the tenant.

PC Thomas Maltby, from the Eastern Neighbourhood Policing Team in Peterborough, said: "Anti-social behaviour and drug use can have a really negative effect on communities. As a result of the actions of the tenant and those using the flat in Johnson Walk we have received numerous complaints and calls for service.

"By working together with partner agencies, including Cross Keys Homes, we have been able to take action to deter the negative behaviour and hopefully bring a resolution to the issues."

Failure to comply with the order is a criminal offence which could result in imprisonment for up to three months, a fine, or both.
