```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who subjected his wife to abuse and harassment has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 16 Dec 2020
title: Jail for man who harassed wife
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jail-for-man-who-harassed-wife
```

A man who subjected his wife to abuse and harassment has been jailed.

Simon Benton, 49, was issued with bail conditions not to contact the victim, a woman in her 50s, in July.

However, at about 9am on 31 July, Benton phoned the victim's landline and asked her to pick him up from hospital before making threats.

The victim refused but later that day she heard someone knocking at her door. Afraid it was Benton, she ignored the knocks and stayed inside.

However, two letters were posted through the door, which read, "I'm on bail please let me in", and, "I love you, I need you, help me".

The victim called police but Benton had fled by the time officers arrived.

Then, on 19 August at about 11pm, the victim walked outside her house in Peterborough and noticed her Mercedes car had been stolen. Benton was one of the few people who knew where the spare key was stored outside.

Just three days later, Benton returned to the victim's home and posted another love note through the door before standing outside and watching the address.

At about 5.30pm on 24 August, Benton entered the victim's home through the back door while she was asleep on the sofa.

He pulled her hair and tapped her face several times to wake her before an argument broke out. The dispute escalated and Benton pushed the victim to the floor.

In self-defence, the woman held up a screwdriver but Benton got hold of it and used it to cut the victim on the chest.

He then held the screwdriver up to the victims face and said, "do you know how easy it is to put this in your eye", before pushing it into her face and causing a cut to her cheek.

The victim managed to get hold of the screwdriver and strike Benton in the face causing him to run off.

On 25 August, the Mercedes was returned to the victim's home but with a false number plate attached. Subsequent analysis identified Benton's fingerprints on the new number plate.

Benton, of Newton Way, Peterborough, was arrested by officers and further inquiries revealed he was disqualified from driving and not insured to drive the Mercedes.

He pleaded guilty to two counts of assault by beating, taking a motor vehicle without consent, driving while disqualified, failure to comply with notification requirements, harassment, driving without insurance and breach of a suspended sentence order.

Benton was sentenced to 52 weeks in prison on Thursday (10 December).

Detective Sergeant Gary Brown said: "Benton knew full well he was not allowed to contact the victim under his bail conditions.

"Yet he showed complete disregard for the rules imposed and continued to go to great lengths to contact and harass this woman.

"I would like to commend the victim for her bravery in reaching out and allowing us to take action against Benton's crimes.

"Benton is a prolific offender and I'm pleased the victim is now safe with him behind bars."
