```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after a buzzard was found dead in Horseheath.
publish:
  date: 4 Feb 2021
title: Buzzard found shot in Horseheath
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/buzzard-horseheath
```

Police are appealing for information after a buzzard was found dead in Horseheath.

A member of the public found the bird of prey in a wooded area while on a walk on 29 January.

Cambridgeshire Constabulary's Rural Crime Action Team (RCAT) are now working with the RSPB to find those responsible after it was discovered it had shot gun pellets in its body and wings.

PC Alun Bradshaw from the RCAT said: "Someone has deliberately shot this bird and we urge anyone with information to contact us.

"All birds of prey are protected by law. If you notice a dead or injured bird of prey in suspicious circumstances, please notify us and the RSPB."

RSPB Assistant Investigations Officer, Tom Grose, added: "Many of us will have enjoyed watching buzzards lately on our daily walks. They are a natural part of our countryside and a sign of a healthy ecosystem. Buzzards and other birds of prey are protected by law, yet all too often we received reports of them being illegally shot, trapped and poisoned.

"At a time when the natural work and its wildlife are increasingly under threat, we all have an important role to play. If you have any information which may help this investigation, please come forward."

Anyone with information is asked to contact us online via our web chat or call 101 quoting incident 239 of 30 January.
