```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who stabbed an acquaintance in the chest in an argument over a mobile phone has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 22 Jul 2020
title: Prison for man who stabbed victim in the chest
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/callum-everett
```

A man who stabbed an acquaintance in the chest in an argument over a mobile phone has been jailed.

Callum Everett, of High Street, Wicken was handed a four-year sentence at Cambridge Crown Court yesterday (21 July) after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of a knife in a public place.

The 21-year-old had asked his 39-year-old victim to purchase a mobile phone on his behalf with the intention of paying him back £24.99 upfront and then cash on a monthly basis.

When Everett failed to do so, the victim posted goading messages on Facebook before the pair agreed to meet to resolve the issue on 25 April.

However, Everett arrived at the meeting place in Drury Lane armed with a knife and after a short grapple, stabbed the victim in the chest.

The victim was taken to hospital and suffered a one-two inch wound to the chest. He has since made a full recovery.

Detective Constable Louisa Abbott: "Had Everett left the knife at home; the outcome of this case would've been very different. It was just by luck that the knife didn't hit any major organs and goes to show the dangers of carrying a knife.

"Knife crime is a priority for the force and we will continue to work tirelessly to take weapons off the streets."

If you know someone who carries a knife please help us tackle serious street-based violence and report it to us by calling 101 or report online.
