```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are urging members of the public to be vigilant following a number of courier fraud incidents across the county in the last few days.
publish:
  date: 9 Jul 2020
title: Police issue warning after fraudsters strike
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Police-issue-warning-after-fraudsters-strike
```

Police are urging members of the public to be vigilant following a number of courier fraud incidents across the county in the last few days.

It has been reported that fraudsters telephoned a victim in Peterborough yesterday claiming to be from his bank.

They told him his account had been hacked and he needed to share his pin numbers and details so they could put a stop to it.

The fraudsters then sent texts to say they would need to visit the victim's home to collect his cards.

Detective Inspector, Tom Rowe, said: "This is a worrying scam and shows the fraudsters are clearly very brazen and convincing when it comes to getting what they want.

"Thankfully the victim in this case realised something was wrong and called the bank, who froze his accounts and called the police before they turned up at his home.

"In cases like this, criminals often target a specific area and move on, so we often expect see a number of similar incidents in a short period of time."

In Cambridge, there have been two reports this week of fraudsters calling victims claiming to be from Essex Police investigating money scams with the bank.

On both occasions they asked victims to go to the bank and withdraw £5,000 then take it home and wait for them to collect it. They tried to claim the notes were fake.

Police are reminding residents that banks will never ask them to share their pin or other details over the phone and officers will not ask them to withdraw money from their bank.

You can find more information on courier fraud here -> www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Courier-fraud

Anyone with information about any of the above incidents should call police on 101 or report online at: www.cambs.police.uk/report.
