```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Marcus Kazeem also chucked a TV at his girlfriend
publish:
  date: 27 Apr 2020
title: Prison for domestic abuser who strangled girlfriend
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/marcus-kazeem-domestic-abuse-sentencing
```

A domestic abuser who strangled his girlfriend and also smashed her head into a cabinet has been jailed.

Marcus Kazeem, 33, of Capper Road, Waterbeach, started a relationship with the woman in January this year.

However, just one month later, things began to turn sour. On the afternoon of 9 February Kazeem attacked the woman for the first time.

The pair were at Kazeem's friend's house in Cambourne when Kazeem thought his girlfriend was looking at his friend. He took offence and slapped her round the face with enough force to split the woman's lip and bruise her cheek.

Eight days later, in the early hours of 17 February, the pair were heading to see Kazeem's friend. Kazeem was driving but suddenly became angry and grabbed his girlfriend round the face and squeezed her cheeks.

On 14 March, the pair had an argument which resulted in Kazeem throwing a television at his girlfriend and causing her injuries consistent with actual bodily harm (ABH).

The attack took place on the morning of 20 March at Kazeem's house after he became angry at a comment by his girlfriend.

He grabbed the woman's ponytail and smashed her head into a cabinet. The woman pushed Kazeem away but he grabbed her hair again, pulled her to the floor and dragged her towards a sofa.

He threw the woman on the sofa and pinned her down. Kazeem then placed both hands on her throat and began strangling her.

He grabbed her phone and shouted he "just wanted to kill" her. The woman managed to flee the house and call police.

Kazeem was arrested and in police interview denied ever assaulting his girlfriend. He denied throwing a TV in her direction, and instead claimed he had "nudged" it during an argument.

However, at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (24 April) Kazeem pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH) and three counts of assault by beating.

DC Steve Surtees, who investigated, said: "Kazeem's attacks on his girlfriend must have been nothing short of terrifying for her.

"No person should have to suffer this kind of abuse. I would like to applaud her bravery in coming forward and encourage anyone else suffering from domestic abuse to do the same.

"Tackling domestic abuse is one of our main priorities and I hope this sends a clear message that we are there for victims and will do all we can to protect them."

Kazeem was sentenced on the same day and handed a total of 14 months in prison. He was also given a restraining order, to run indefinitely, preventing him from contacting his victim.

Anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse is urged to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse.
