```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A prisoner at HMP Whitemoor has been handed a further three months in jail after he attacked a fellow inmate with a makeshift weapon.
publish:
  date: 24 Aug 2020
title: Prisoner attacked inmate with makeshift weapon
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/prisoner-attacked-inmate-with-makeshift-weapon
```

A prisoner at HMP Whitemoor has been handed a further three months in jail after he attacked a fellow inmate with a makeshift weapon.

James Wilson, 50, was sentenced to life in prison in 2005 after he was convicted of a number of offences including false imprisonment, threats to kill and firearms offences.

In 2017 he was also convicted of assault causing grievous bodily harm following an incident inside the prison, which resulted in a further 10-year sentence being imposed.

On 12 May last year he launched an attack on a man whilst he was queuing for his evening meal.

At about 4pm Wilson approached the victim, a man aged in his 50s, from behind and cut him in the face with an improvised weapon formed of three razor blades wrapped in a sticker.

Wilson made further attempts to harm the man but they were separated by staff immediately.

The victim later told officers that the pair didn't get on as Wilson didn't like the offence that he was in prison for.

Wilson pleaded guilty to assault causing actual bodily harm and was sentenced to a further three months in prison at Cambridge Crown Court on Tuesday (18 August).

DC Shelly Reeve said: "Wilson is a prolific violent offender and has clearly not learnt from his actions.

"This incident could have quite easily been much more serious and I am pleased his time behind bars has been extended once more.

"I hope this gives him time to reflect on his actions and rethink his violent behaviour."
