```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: HMICFRS has today (Thursday, 12 December) rated Cambridgeshire Constabulary as
publish:
  date: 12 Dec 2017
title: Force rated as 'good' for second year in a row
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Force-rated-good-second-year
```

HMICFRS has today (Thursday, 12 December) rated Cambridgeshire Constabulary as 'good' for the second year in a row, following an inspection on how legitimate the force is at keeping people safe and reducing crime.

The report highlights the understanding the force has of treating both the people of Cambridgeshire, and those who work for the constabulary, with fairness and respect. It also recognises that ethics and values are well established in the force and are used to guide leaders in the organisation when making decisions.

As part of the HMICFRS's annual inspections into Police Effectiveness, Efficiency and Legitimacy (PEEL) across England and Wales, the inspection of Cambridgeshire Constabulary, which took place in May this year, examined the following:

 * To what extent does the force treat all the people it serves with fairness and respect?
 * How well does the force ensure that its workforce behaves ethically and lawfully?
 * To what extent does the force treat its workforce with fairness and respect?

DCC Alan Baldwin said: "We welcome the HMICFRS report and conclusion that Cambridgeshire Constabulary is a 'good' force.

"We have worked hard over the past 12 months to improve in the areas highlighted during last year's inspection, and this has enabled us to achieve a 'good' in all three areas inspected.

"While there are always areas for improvement, we are pleased that HMICFRS recognises the strong, ethical culture that runs through our organisation at every level.

"Integrity and respect underpin the force's vision and this is well understood by officers and staff, and this enables us to deliver the best service we can for the people of Cambridgeshire."

Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite said: "I am delighted to see another "Good" rating from HMICFRS recognising the strong ethical culture and high standards that exist within the Constabulary.

"This inspection demonstrates the integrity of the Constabulary and is vital because it is ultimately about maintaining the trust of the public which underpins everything we do."
