```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Patrick Doran attacked the shopkeeper in December 2018
publish:
  date: 10 Jun 2020
title: Man broke shopkeeper's jaw after can of Coke row
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/patrick-doran-sentencing
```

A man punched a shopkeeper and broke his jaw after he accused him of stealing a can of Coke from his shop.

Patrick Doran, 20, was captured on CCTV entering a Family Shopper store in March on 9 December 2018. When the shop owner reviewed the CCTV he felt it showed Doran stealing a can of Coke.

Later the same day the shop owner and a colleague were in a local pub when they saw Doran. The victim confronted him about the alleged theft and they decided to discuss the matter outside.

Once outside, the pair chatted normally, but then Doran suddenly started to become aggressive and punched the victim in the face, which caused him to fall to the ground. The incident was captured on CCTV.

According to witnesses, Doran then punched the victim again before going back into the pub.

The victim went to hospital in Peterborough where he was treated for a fractured jaw.

When interviewed by police, Doran initially said he punched the victim in self-defence, but the CCTV footage showed no evidence of aggression on the victim's part.

Doran, of Benwick Road, Doddington, pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm without intent and was handed a 10-month sentence suspended for 24 months at Cambridge Crown Court on 9 June.

He was handed a five-year restraining order, ordered to carry out 160 hours of unpaid work, and ordered pay more than £900 in compensation and costs.

DC Chris Smith, who investigated, said: "Doran's violent actions have caused the victim terrible injuries.

"His attack was nasty and completely unprovoked. I am glad justice has been served."
