```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A man with a provisional licence described his driving as \u201Cnormal\u201D after he crushed a woman leaving her with life changing injuries."
publish:
  date: 18 Sep 2020
title: Provisional driver jailed after seriously injuring two women
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/provisional-driver-jailed-after-seriously-injuring-two-women
```

A man with a provisional licence described his driving as "normal" after he crushed a woman leaving her with life changing injuries.

George Andronache, 32, seriously injured two of his colleagues after leaving work on 16 July last year.

At about 6am Andronache finished his shift at a packaging factory in New Bridge Lane, Wisbech, along with several other colleagues.

He got into his Hyundai Tucson and drove out of the car park. When he reached the road, he accelerated at high speed.

He crashed into parked cars along the side of the road which crushed a 30-year-old woman who had been getting into her car.

One of the parked cars also struck a 61-year-old woman who was on the pavement.

Both women were taken to hospital. The 30-year-old suffered a multitude of life changing injuries and requires ongoing care.

The 61-year-old also suffered serious injuries to her arms and was unable to work for more than three months.

A metal extendable baton was found in the car which was seized by police at the scene. In interview he couldn't account for the baton and also said he believed his driving was "normal".

Andronache, of Cannon Street, Wisbech, pleaded guilty to two counts of causing serious injury by dangerous driving, driving without a licence and possession of an offensive weapon at Peterborough Crown Court on Wednesday (16 September).

He was sentenced to three years in prison and disqualified from driving for four and a half years with an extended retest after this time.

PC Ben Patten said: "There is no real explanation for why he decided to drive like this on this day. It shows that it only takes one moment of dangerous driving to destroy lives."
