```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A thief who stole aftershave, creams and electric toothbrushes from a Cambridge pharmacy has been sentenced to 26 weeks in prison.
publish:
  date: 2 Jun 2020
title: Prison for Cambridge thief
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/william-excell
```

A thief who stole aftershave, creams and electric toothbrushes from a Cambridge pharmacy has been sentenced to 26 weeks in prison.

William Excell, of Bene't Street pleaded guilty to four counts of theft, possession of an offensive weapon and two breaches of a Criminal Behaviour Order (CBO) at Cambridge Magistrates' Court today (2 June).

On three occasions between 23 February and 29 April he stole aftershave worth £248, toothbrushes worth £164 and creams worth £137 from Boots in Petty Cury.

He also stole confectionery and drinks worth £33 from Sainsbury's in Mill Road on 10 May.

The 41-year-old was arrested by the Cambridge city north neighbourhood team yesterday afternoon after being found in possession of a knuckleduster.

A two-year CBO was granted at Cambridge Magistrates' Court in January. It means Excell must not enter any TK Maxx or Boots store in Cambridge. He must also not enter one of more than 80 stores listed under the Cambridge Business Against Crime (CAMBAC) scheme.

PC Jamie Tumber said: "Excell is a prolific shop thief with numerous convictions to his name.

"We take shop theft seriously and use a range of tactics to catch those responsible. This includes working in close partnership with CAMBAC to obtain CBOs and help protect businesses from the impact that repeated offending has on them."
