```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man repeatedly kicked his girlfriend as she lay helpless on the floor after she spilt a drink in his home.
publish:
  date: 12 Feb 2021
title: Man attacked partner over spilt drink
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-attacked-partner-over-spilt-drink
```

A man repeatedly kicked his girlfriend as she lay helpless on the floor after she spilt a drink in his home.

Matthew Stark, 40, first met the woman in February last year and the two began a relationship.

On 14 November the pair were drinking at Stark's home in Saltmarsh, Peterborough, when the victim spilt a drink on the carpet.

Enraged, Stark shouted at her and pushed her to the floor as she attempted to leave. He kicked her to the head multiple times, despite her pleas for him to stop, and then strangled her. The attack left the woman with cuts, a bleeding nose and bruising to her face.

The victim, who is in her 30s, managed to get up and went to look for her phone to call an ambulance. At one point when she was on the phone Stark took the handset and told the call handler that she had fallen over and hit her head on the radiator.

When police arrived Stark, also known as Matthew Pinfold, was arrested.

The victim was taken to hospital for treatment, where it was also established she had concussion.

Stark replied "no comment" to all questions in interview, but later went on to plead guilty to common assault.

Yesterday (11 February) at Peterborough Crown Court he was sentenced to 16 weeks in prison, suspended for a year.

DC Amanda Pickering said: "Stark's behaviour that day was completely despicable. He totally lost his temper and subjected the victim to an awful attack.

"We are doing all we can to tackle domestic abuse and bring perpetrators to justice. I would appeal to anyone in an abusive relationship to seek help and report what has happened to them."

We would strongly urge anyone who is a victim of domestic abuse to contact police on 101 or call the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. For more advice and support on domestic abuse, visit www.cambs.police.uk/domesticabuse
