```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Fourteen months in prison has been handed to a man who attempted to rob a Peterborough bank.
publish:
  date: 28 Apr 2020
title: Jail for would-be robber who left bank empty-handed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Daryl-Stevenson
```

Fourteen months in prison has been handed to a man who attempted to rob a Peterborough bank.

Daryl Stevenson, 33, of no fixed address, was arrested on 31 March on suspicion of attempted robbery following an incident at The Metro Bank in Long Causeway.

Stevenson entered the high street bank at about 1.10pm and immediately began to set off the alarms inside the entrance way.

When questioned by staff he became verbally aggressive, pushing them away from him and made his way to the counter where he jumped over it and began looking in drawers to see what he could take.

DC Tom Hunt said: "In interview, Stevenson admitted to having made the decision to rob the bank in a split second before entering, he told us his intention was to enter the bank and take as much money as he could."

Working his way through drawers behind the counter, the only ones Stevenson could access contained administration files, however he came across a safe but realised it was locked just as police arrived.

DC Hunt added: "Stevenson's actions were interrupted by neighbourhood officers who swiftly attended the incident and intervened as he was mid-robbery.

"Understandably this was a frightening incident for both staff and members of the public who were in the store at the time. Thankfully no one was hurt and Stevenson left empty-handed."

On Friday (24 April), he appeared at Peterborough Crown Court and pleaded guilty to attempted robbery. He was sentenced to 14 months in prison the same day.
