```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Daren Morris also claimed he was threatened with a pair of pliers
publish:
  date: 13 Nov 2019
title: Man who brandished screwdriver sentenced
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/daren-morris-screwdriver-huntingdon
```

A man who was seen waving a screwdriver towards another man's throat in Huntingdon has been jailed.

Daren Morris, 47, was spotted on CCTV brandishing the weapon on the evening of 15 August in High Street.

Morris then left the scene still holding the screwdriver. However, he was stopped by an officer just a few hundred yards from Huntingdon town centre with the weapon in his hand.

He told police the man he was confronting with the screwdriver had threatened him first with a pair of pliers before walking away.

Morris, of Buttermel Close, Godmanchester, admitted possessing an offensive weapon in a public place.

He was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court today (13 November) where he was handed six months in prison.

PC James Thompson, who investigated, said: "Despite Morris's claim that he armed himself with screwdriver for his own protection, there is absolutely no excuse for carrying an offensive weapon in public.

"On face value a screwdriver may not seem like an offensive weapon, but when used to threaten someone in this way it becomes exactly that.

"I would urge those who see people carrying knives or weapons in public to report that to us.

"We are working hard to tackle serious street-based violence and will continue to do all we can to take as many offensive weapons off the streets of Cambridgeshire as possible."

The maximum penalty for an adult carrying a knife or other offensive weapon in public is four years in prison and a fine of £5,000.

If you know someone who carries a weapon, report that to us by calling 101 or visiting www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

For more information about possessing a knife or offensive weapon in public, and the laws surrounding it, visit the force website.
