```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Fahad Mohammed was caught out thanks to an eagle-eyed officer
publish:
  date: 22 Feb 2021
title: Drug dealer fails to learn lesson
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/fahad-mohammed-drug-dealer-sentenced
```

A drug dealer who was caught on CCTV and handed a suspended sentence has now been jailed after failing to learn his lesson.

Fahad Mohammed, of Gordon Avenue, Peterborough, was seen biking quickly towards Peterborough city centre at about 11am on 16 January last year.

The officer recognised the 21-year-old from an image he had looked at the previous day relating to a man suspected of dealing drugs.

Mohammed was stopped on a cycle path running parallel to Bourges Boulevard and searched.

He confirmed he had cannabis with him and said it was in his small cross-body bag.

The bag contained eight small bags of the class B drug, together with a cannabis grinder and £190 in cash. The drugs were examined and found to have a street value of about £75.

A Nokia phone was also seized which contained evidence of drug dealing.

Mohammed was interviewed but answered 'no comment' to all questions.

However, he pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of a class B drug at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on 4 December.

Checks also revealed that by committing the new offence he had breached a suspended sentence handed to him in 2019, together with a separate conditional discharge.

Mohammed was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court last Tuesday (16 February) where he was handed eight months in prison.

Anyone who suspects drug dealing or suspicious activity in their area can report it, or find out more information, via the force's dedicated web page: https://bit.ly/2LWzoSH
