```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two major roads in Cambridgeshire have been closed due to risk of debris caused by Storm Ciara.
publish:
  date: 9 Feb 2020
title: Road closure following Storm Ciara
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/storm-ciara
```

Update 8pm

Motorists are being urged to plan their morning commute as the M11 remains closed.

Part of the M11 and the A505 were closed earlier today close to Duxford Imperial War Museum following high winds.

Emergency services and partners are working hard to secure a section of roof on one of the aircraft hangars but for now it remains a risk and could be blown off by the wind into the road.

The M11 will continue to be closed overnight and most likely into the morning rush hour and beyond between junctions 9 and 11 both north and southbound. The A505 will also remain closed from the Whittlesford and Fowlmere approached to the M11.

Diversions are in place via the A11 and A14 northbound and the A505 and A1301 southbound.

Residents in the local vicinity are being urged to stay indoors for risk of fallen debris and people are urged to stay away from the area unless absolutely necessary to visit.

***

Two major roads in Cambridgeshire have been closed due to risk of debris caused by Storm Ciara.

Part of the M11 and the A505 have been closed close to Duxford Imperial War Museum this afternoon (9th February) following high winds.

A section of roof on one of the aircraft hangars at the museum has been deemed unsafe and there is a possibility it could be blown off by Storm Ciara.

As a result, police have closed the M11 between J9 and J11 northbound and J11 and J9 southbound. The A505 is also closed from the Whittlesford and Fowlmere approached to the M11.

Diversions are in place via the A11 and A14 northbound and the A505 and A1301 southbound.

Residents in the local vicinity are being urged to stay indoors for risk of fallen debris and people are urged to stay away from the area unless absolutely necessary to visit.

Road closures are expected to remain in place for some time until the roof can be properly assessed by a structural engineer and declared safe.

Further updates will be provided on Twitter and Facebook.
