```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Paula Willis was first diagnosed with throat cancer in September 2018.
publish:
  date: 12 Sep 2019
title: Cancer surviving Demand Hub worker completes gruelling charity challenge
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/charity-walk-raises-money-for-cancer-Cambridgeshire-constabulary-demand-hub
```

A Demand Hub worker who is bravely fighting cancer has completed a 26-mile walk in aid of a charity that is closest to her heart.

Paula Willis was first diagnosed with throat cancer in September 2018. Since then, the cancer spread to Paula's lymph nodes and she has battled through surgery, six sessions of chemotherapy and 30 rounds of radiotherapy.

Fast forwarding nine months, Paula is now coping with the aftermath of the harsh side effects and has returned to work.

Whilst waiting to hear back on whether any more treatment is needed, Paula set her sights on walking round Rutland Water with supportive family and friends in a bid to raise funds for Throat Cancer Foundation.

On Tuesday this week (10 September), Paula smashed her goal and completed the walk in just over nine hours.

Talking about the challenge, Paula said: "It was one of the hardest things I've done in a long while but to be able to complete it with friends and raise awareness of throat cancer was all worth the pain.

"So far we have raised £1,502 which is an amazing amount and I'm so grateful for everyone who has donated. The JustGiving page is still live and I would be so thankful to anyone else who wishes to sponsor this great charity which supports so many other people in my position."

Paula initially set out a target of raising £1000 but has far exceeded this aim and has currently raised £1,500, an additional 50% over her initial fundraising goal.

Anyone still wishing to donate to Paula should visit her JustGiving page here.

For more information about the Throat Cancer Foundation, visit their website.
