```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man responsible for a number of violent attacks has been jailed for 13 years.
publish:
  date: 11 Sep 2020
title: 13 years in prison for violent man
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/13-years-in-prison-for-violent-man
```

A man responsible for a number of violent attacks has been jailed for 13 years.

Robert Peckham, 30, along with 23-year-old Callum Smith, were in the back of a car in Market Square, St Neots, in the early hours of 19 January last year (2019) when they got into an argument with two men in their 20s.

The pair followed them to a nearby taxi rank where they launched an attack on the men, with Peckham hitting one in the stomach and Smith striking the man over the head.

As the victim was dragged along the street his friend tried to intervene but was also hit multiple times, causing bruising to his jaw.

Peckham and Smith continued the assault on the first man, kicking him repeatedly while he was on the floor, leaving him with numerous fractures before running off.

Weeks later on 5 February, Peckham approached a man in his 30s who was cycling along Rutland Close, Cambridge, and asked for money.

When the man declined Peckham started searching his pockets and went on to punch him in the head before making off on the victim's bike.

Two days later Peckham was in a bookmaker's in Newmarket Road, Cambridge, talking to two men in their 20s.

Without warning Peckham punched one of the men in the face and pulled out a large kitchen knife from his jacket, warning he was going to "shank" both of them.

The men fled and phoned police while Peckham calmly went back to his machine to collect his winnings, leaving a few minutes later.

Peckham, of no fixed abode, was sentenced yesterday (10 September) at Cambridge Crown Court after admitting causing grievous bodily harm with intent, affray, threatening someone with a bladed article and assault by beating.

DC Hannah Moore, who investigated, said: "Peckham is a dangerous man who has repeatedly subjected people to unprovoked, seriously violent attacks.

"I welcome his sentence and hope it provides some comfort to the victims knowing he will be behind bars for a significant amount of time."

In December, Callum Smith was sentenced to more than 12 years in prison.
