```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Two men who were arrested during a police operation which uncovered nearly \xA3200,000 of cannabis in Peterborough have been jailed."
publish:
  date: 6 Mar 2019
title: "Two men found growing nearly \xA3200,000 worth of cannabis jailed"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/drugs-warrant-Peterborough-cannabis-factory
```

Officers carried out warrants at properties in Drayton, Bretton, and Swanspool, Westwood, on 1 February as part of Operation Irmo.

At the first they found Sokol Sakuta, 23, and seized cannabis with a maximum potential street value of £146,320. A total of 49 cannabis plants were seized from the living room, 64 from the first floor rear bedroom, and hydroponic lights were found hanging from the ceiling and transformer boxes fitted to the wall.

Five vacuum packed bags containing cannabis were found inside kitchen cupboards and four mobile phones were seized.

Sakuta falsely claimed to be called Andi Truka and alleged a man called Tony was paying him to grow the drugs. He said he knew what he was doing was illegal, but he needed to pay off his debt.

Officers found he had given them false details after finding an Albanian ID card in his backpack.

At the second property, they found Kledian Lezaj, 27, trying to escape the house though the back door. He was arrested and 61 cannabis plants, growing within four rooms, with transformers, bulbs, fans and filters were seized.

The drugs seized had a maximum potential street value of £51,240.

In police interview, Lezaj said he had arrived in Peterborough on a lorry from Albania. He said he was offered work from two men who let him live at the house rent free in return for looking after the cannabis plants.

Lezaj and Sakuta both pleaded guilty to being concerned in the production of class B drugs and last Friday (1 March) at Peterborough Crown Court the former was jailed for eight months and the latter for 20 months.

Sergeant Jason Hancock said: "These two men were caught under Operation Irmo, an operation aimed at disrupting organised crime groups. These groups use large scale cannabis farms in order to fund other criminal activates such as human trafficking and Class A drug supply.

"Operation Irmo has to date seen twelve warrants executed across Peterborough and the seizure of cannabis with a street value of over £1 million. We will continue to target organised crime in our communities and disrupt criminal networks."

Cannabis plants found at Sakuta's address
