```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: An 18-year-old registered sex offender has been sentenced to almost two years in prison.
publish:
  date: 12 May 2020
title: Jail for teen sex offender
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Carmo-Soriano
```

An 18-year-old registered sex offender has been sentenced to almost two years in prison.

Carmo Soriano, of St Michael's Gate, Parnwell, admitted breaching conditions he must adhere to as part of being on the Sex Offenders Register and subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order (SHPO).

He was placed on the register in January last year after being convicted of inciting a child under 13 to engage in sexual activity.

All registered sex offenders living in Cambridgeshire are managed and monitored by the force's Public Protection Unit. This includes officers carrying out unannounced visits at their home address, checking their electronic devices and speaking in detail with them about their lifestyle.

DS Paul Stimpson, from the northern Public Protection Unit, said: "Soriano's SHPO specifies that he must not have any unsupervised contact with any female child under the age of 16, other than with the consent of the child's parent or guardian who has knowledge of his convictions and with the express approval of social services."

Soriano was arrested on 12 November last year after police received information he had been staying at an address where a 10-year-old girl was present. Upon speaking with the girl's parents, they confirmed Soriano had stayed at their home, however at no point had he made them aware of his convictions, a direct breach of his SHPO.

He was later charged with breaching a Sexual Harm Prevention Order as well as two counts of breaching notification requirements of being on the sex offenders register in that he failed to inform police of alias names and also details of an address where he had been staying.

On Thursday (7 May), he appeared at Peterborough Crown Court and was sentenced to 20 months in a Young Offender Institution.

DS Stimpson added: "Soriano created concerns from the start, however, through regular visits and a robust approach by his PPU manager, DC Scott Lloyd, we were able to identify that he was breaching his SHPO which resulted in this sentence."
