```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A judge has imposed a confiscation order of more than \xA3170,000 following the conviction of a cocaine-fuelled man who killed two young men in Yaxley last year (2017)."
publish:
  date: 12 Jun 2018
title: "Cocaine-fuelled driver has over \xA3170K confiscated"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Richard-Frost-POCA
```

A judge has imposed a confiscation order of more than £170,000 following the conviction of a cocaine-fuelled man who killed two young men in Yaxley last year (2017).

Richard Frost, 39, of Dorset Avenue, Chelmsford, was driving his BMW X5 dangerously and at high speed when it left the road, mounted a grass verge and killed Thomas Fletcher, 19, and Thomas Northam, 22, at about 11am on 3 January last year.

The pair had been walking along the B1091 out of Yaxley towards Farcet, facing traffic, when they were hit from behind by Frost's vehicle which had crossed onto the wrong side of the road.

Cambridge Crown Court heard in the hours leading up to the collision Frost was seen and recorded driving at speeds over 100mph, overtaking cars into oncoming traffic and undertaking using footpaths and pedestrian walkways.

Following the crash, Frost continued driving along the grass verge for 80 metres, before returning to the carriageway and leaving the road into a field on the opposite side.

He then fled the scene with a suitcase containing £72,000 in cash, which he dumped in a residential garden and was later recovered by a police officer.

Richard Frost

On 26 March, after admitting two counts of causing death by dangerous driving, two counts of common assault and one of money laundering at a hearing the previous month, Frost was jailed for a total of 12 years and one month.

Following him admitting the offences, a Proceeds of Crime Act (POCA) confiscation timetable was set out by the court.

An investigation was carried out by specialist financial investigators who calculated Frost's criminal gains to be £187,132.98, including £113,000 of unexplained cash payments into his bank account.

A POCA hearing was held at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (8 June) and a confiscation order of £170,195.95 was made in relation to Frost's available assets. About £17,000 will remain as an outstanding debt which Frost must pay should he acquire further assets in the future or when he is released from prison.
