```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: The arrests come after concerns were raised in Cambridge
publish:
  date: 8 Nov 2019
title: Arrests after suspected brothel discovered
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-suspected-brothel-cambridge
```

Police have made three arrests after concerns were raised about a flat in Cambridge being used as a suspected brothel.

The work by officers in the city last night (7 November) followed a call just before 9pm raising concerns that girls at the address could be being exploited.

Officers visited the address and arrested three people at the scene.

A 39-year-old man from Sawston, a 51-year-old woman from Cambridge and a 42-year-old woman of no known address were arrested on suspicion of causing or inciting prostitution for gain.

All three remain in custody at Parkside Police Station.

The action follows work by officers in September which resulted in two men being arrested and nine women being safeguarded.

Detective Sergeant James Sheffield said: "We are doing all we can to crack down on sexual exploitation linked to human trafficking and modern slavery.

"Victims of this type of crime are often completely controlled and feel too trapped to speak up, but it's important they know who to turn to for help.

"They are exploited either due to debt in their home country or having been sold a false dream of a life in the UK which, in reality, results in them being exploited and is very far from a dream indeed."

DS Sheffield said members of the public play a vital role in helping to tackle sexual exploitation, modern slavery and labour exploitation.

He said: "If anyone has any suspicions at all in their local area around these concerns then we'd urge them to report them to us.

"Information supplied helps us build a picture of what is happening in certain areas and could help us safeguard many more potential victims. Please pass on any concerns or information."

Warning signs of modern slavery or exploitation include people:

 * Not being able to come and go as they wish
 * Being under 18 and providing commercial sex acts
 * Working in the commercial sex industry and having a pimp/manager
 * Being unpaid or paid very little
 * Working excessively long or unusual hours
 * Not being allowed breaks or suffers restrictions at work
 * Owing a large debt and being unable to pay it off
 * Being recruited through false promises
 * Having high security measures at their place of work and/or living locations e.g. opaque windows

Suspicions relating to exploitation, modern slavery and human trafficking should be reported online via www.cambs.police.uk/report or by calling 101. Always call 999 in an emergency.

Concerns can also be reported to the confidential 24/7 Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121700 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

For more information about modern slavery or exploitation visit the force's modern slavery page.
