```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A teenager who committed multiple burglaries in Wisbech has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 2 Sep 2019
title: Wisbech teenage burglar locked up
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Wisbech_teenage_burglar_locked_up
```

A teenager who committed multiple burglaries in Wisbech has been sentenced.

Jesse Gray, 19, was seen running out of a house in Sixth Avenue, Wisbech, after he woke a sleeping couple at about 12.30am on 13 July.

He had picked up three mobile phones and a wallet but dropped one of the phones and the wallet in his escape.

Shortly after, he broke into Glenfields Care Home in Money Bank, Wisbech but was disturbed by a member of staff and fled empty handed.

He was arrested five minutes later after police tracked one of the stolen phones from the home in Sixth Avenue.

The following day he was further arrested following a fingerprint match for another burglary on 13 July where Gray had entered a hair salon in Norwich Road, Wisbech but had again left empty handed.

Gray, of Kinderley Road, Wisbech, appeared at Cambridge Crown Court last month (August) and pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary with intent to steal. He was sentenced to two years in a young offenders institute.

DC Paul Baxter said: "Getting Gray off the streets is a big victory for Wisbech, he is an example that it doesn't matter if you didn't take anything - the intent was there and we will come down on you just as hard."

Anyone with information about burglary should call police on 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
