```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three arrests have been made after two men were found with stab injuries in Peterborough on Wednesday evening (28 October).
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2020
title: Arrests made in connection with Peterborough stabbings
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/arrests-made-in-connection-with-peterborough-stabbings
```

Three arrests have been made after two men were found with stab injuries in Peterborough on Wednesday evening (28 October).

Police were called at 6.22pm with reports an 18-year-old man had been stabbed in Bluebell Avenue, Dogsthorpe.

The man was taken to Peterborough City Hospital (PCH) in a serious condition but was later discharged.

A 16-year-old boy also presented at PCH with a single stab wound.

Both teenagers, from Peterborough, have subsequently been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. The 18-year-old remains in custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station and the 16-year-old remains in hospital with serious injuries.

A third boy, aged 16 from Peterborough, has also been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and remains in custody at Thorpe Wood Police Station.

Officers are now looking to speak to witnesses or anyone who was in the area of Bluebell Avenue at the time. They would particularly like to hear from anyone with dashcam footage from the area.

Detective Inspector Tim Archer said: "This investigation continues at pace as we work to establish the full circumstances which led to the two teenagers being stabbed.

"We understand many people were in the area of Bluebell Avenue and Welland Road at the time and may have seen the 18-year-old man injured.

"I would like to appeal to anyone who saw anything to get in touch if they haven't done so already.

"Members of the public can expect to see an increased police presence in the area in the coming days as our enquiries continue."

Anyone with information is urged to contact police by calling 101 and quoting CC-28102020-0391.
