```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A dispersal order encompassing Peterborough city will be in place this weekend in response to a planned car meet.
publish:
  date: 4 Dec 2020
title: Dispersal order in Peterborough ahead of planned car meet
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/dispersal-order-in-peterborough-ahead-of-planned-car-meet
```

A dispersal order encompassing Peterborough city will be in place this weekend in response to a planned car meet.

The measure has been taken by local neighbourhood policing teams following information about the event in Fair Meadow Car Park, in Oundle Road, on Saturday evening (5 December).

The event was organised in memory of 19-year-old Cain Martin who died in a collision in Thorney last month.

However, officers have explained to the organiser that events of this nature are not authorised to take place due to current Covid regulations and they agreed to postpone due to the public health concerns.

While the organiser has communicated this decision to those planning to attend, officers are aware that some may still turn up. For this reason, the decision has been made to implement the dispersal order as a preventative measure, which will be in place between 3pm on Saturday (5 December) until 1am on Sunday (6 December).

The order has been granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 and allows police officers to direct a person to leave the area specified within the order if there are reasonable grounds to suspect their behaviour has contributed or is likely to contribute to members of the public feeling harassed, alarmed or distressed.

Failure to comply with the order can result in arrest.

This order also gives the police powers to seize articles they believe have or will be used in the commissioning of the above. For instance, cars keys to prevent the behaviour occurring during the duration of the order.

The authority covers the area encompassed by Paston Parkway, Werrington Parkway, Hurn Road, Woodcroft Road, Castor Road, Marholm Road, Soke Parkway, River Nene, Nene Valley Railway Line, Great North Road (Water Newton Bypass), A1, A1(M) Great North Road, London Road, Broadway (Yaxley), Peterborough Road (Farcet), Stanground Bypass, Toll Road, City of Peterborough Boundary to River Nene, Northey Road, Pearces Road, Eyebury Road, Crowland Road, A47, A47 Eye Road back onto Paston Parkway.

**Inspector Ian Lombardo said:** "We fully appreciate this event was organised with good intentions, to remember and pay tribute to a young man who tragically lost his life.

"However, following a review alongside the local authority, this event cannot take place in line with the current Government guidelines.

"We have engaged with the event organiser to explain the situation in full and as a result, the decision has been made to postpone.

"We appreciate this may be disappointing to those who were looking forward to attending. However, we're in the midst of a global pandemic and our priority must be to maintain public health.

"As usual, our officers will be on patrol across the city engaging, explaining and encouraging people to follow the Covid guidelines as well as taking action when necessary.

"We'd like to thank the organiser and those who understand this position and continue to do their bit to help stop the spread of the virus."

**A spokesperson person for Peterborough City Council, said:** "We are aware of potential plans to attend a car meet this Saturday to commemorate the loss of a life; however, Peterborough City Council have not authorised this use of Fair Meadow car park.

"We understand the desire to commemorate the passing of the individual. After discussion, the organiser is aware of the difficulties surrounding organising an event during the Covid-19 pandemic and will be working alongside Peterborough City Council to hold an appropriate commemorate event in 2021.

"It is important for people to remember that although the national lockdown has ended, we are still under national Covid-19 restrictions as a High Alert (tier 2) location.

"In order to keep ourselves and others safe, it is crucial that residents continue to socially distance from others, wear a face covering in enclosed public spaces, and continue to clean their hands regularly."
