```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for more information after a series of burglaries in Wisbech.
publish:
  date: 31 Jul 2019
title: Appeal following 26 burglaries in Wisbech
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal_following_26_burglaries_in_Wisbech
```

Police are appealing for more information after a series of burglaries in Wisbech.

Over the last four months there have been 26 burglaries in the town with the majority taking place in June and July. Due to their close proximity and similar targets police believe they are linked.

Most of the burglaries have taken place overnight, however some have been during the day. Many have been through forced entry with both homes and outbuildings such as garages and sheds being targeted.

The most recent offences took place last night with two garages and a shed being entered in Lerowe Road and another garage being broken into in Bush Lane. On these occasions nothing was stolen.

Additionally, on Monday evening (29 July) a woman in her 80s was assaulted, suffering minor injuries, in her home in Holmes Drive when she tried to stop a burglary in progress.

A man, described as white, slim build, about 5' 8", wearing a grey hoody and grey jogging bottoms, stole her handbag containing money and bank cards.

DC Adam Blake said: "While we are doing all we can to catch those responsible for these crimes I am urging the public to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity to us. Any information, no matter how insignificant it may seem, could help us with our inquiries.

"We have already arrested three individuals in connection with these offences, one of whom has been charged, but we believe there is a bigger group who is behind this series."

Anyone with information should call police on 101 or report online at www.cambs.police.uk/report/Report. If a crime is in progress always call 999.

Information and advice about how best to protect your home from burglars can be found on the force website here www.cambs.police.uk/burglary.
