```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Two people have been handed prison sentences today after being found with drugs and cash worth more than \xA3184k in their Holywell home."
publish:
  date: 18 Jan 2021
title: "Pair jailed after drugs and cash worth \xA3184k seized during warrant"
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/holywelldrugswarrant
```

Two people have been handed prison sentences today after being found with drugs and cash worth more than £184k in their Holywell home.

Officers raided the home of Eddie Ransome and Jodi Dawkin, in Back Lane, on 25 June (2020) after intelligence suggested the pair were dealing class A drugs.

Inside they found 820 grammes of cocaine along with 237 grammes of ketamine and MDMA tablets with a street value of £87,780.

A holdall containing £96,862 was also seized as well as a white BMW M3 and a Bentley Continental.

At Huntingdon Court today (18 January) Ransome, 29, was sentenced to six years in prison and Dawkin, 24, was sentenced to 40 months in prison after they both previously pleading guilty possession with intent to supply cocaine, MDMA and ketamine. Ransome also pleaded guilty to concealing criminal property.

PC Luke Charlton said: "This pair were running an illegal drugs business across Huntingdonshire from their home in a small, peaceful village. This seizure will have significantly disrupted dealing in the area and today's sentence serves a message to others who deal drugs in the county.

"Drugs and drug related crime can have a negative impact on our communities and its use can harm the health and safety of our residents.

"To keep our communities safe, we encourage you to look out for common signs of drug dealing and let us know if you see anything suspicious."

If you suspect drug dealing or drug activity in your area, report it to us.
