```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Three men have been jailed for dealing class A drugs in Cambridge.
publish:
  date: 5 Dec 2017
title: Almost 12 years jail for drug dealers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Almost-12-years-jail-for-drug-dealers
```

Three men have been jailed for dealing class A drugs in Cambridge.

Two dealers from London were sentenced to a total of almost nine years while in a separate case a Cambridge man was jailed for three years.

The latter, Aminur Hussain, 32, of St Christopher's Avenue, Cambridge, was arrested in August after the vehicle he was travelling in failed to stop for officers.

He was found with one rock of crack cocaine, £330 cash, several mobile phones and a small bag of herbal cannabis.

He had also swallowed what turned out to be 16 wraps of class A drugs.

Hussain pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs at a previous hearing and was sentenced to three years imprisonment for each count to run concurrently at Cambridge Crown Court on Friday (1 December).

In the other case, Koagan Koyi, 21, and Brian Ojewale, 19, were arrested following a police investigation that began in July.

Peterborough Crown Court heard officers attended a property in Grasmere Gardens after hearing the resident had been kicked out by drug dealers.

When officers arrived Koyi was fleeing the property and was found to have a mobile phone and £335 cash on him.

He was arrested and taken to Parkside Police Station where a strip search found 1.8 grams of cannabis and 61 rocks of crack cocaine.

Ojewale was found outside the property. When he saw the police officers he ran to a taxi, pulled a mobile phone apart and swallowed the sim card. The officers stopped the taxi and Ojewale was arrested.

Forensic officers were able to link the drugs to Koyi, of Birkenhead Street, Camden and Ojewale, of Shooters Hill, Plumstead, Greenwich, through mobile phone messages.

Ojewale and Koyi pleaded guilty to supplying class A drugs and last Wednesday (29 November) at Peterborough Crown Court Koyi was sentenced to three years and 10 months and Ojewale was sentenced to four years and 11 months.

A third man, Mafwa, 20, of Broadwater Road, London Borough of Haringey, admitted possessing criminal property in connection with the case and was sentenced to 13 months in a young offender institution.

Sergeant Paul Street said: "We have a zero tolerance policy when it comes to drugs and our priority is to remove dealers like these from the streets of Cambridge."

Hussain was sentenced to three years imprisonment. Koyi was sentenced to three years and 10 months. Ojewale was sentenced to four years and 11 months. Mafwa was sentenced to 13 months.
