```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man has been handed Cambridgeshire
publish:
  date: 30 Oct 2020
title: Man handed Cambridgeshire's second Stalking Protection Order
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-handed-cambridgeshires-second-stalking-protection-order
```

A man has been handed Cambridgeshire's second Stalking Protection Order under legislation which launched in April.

The 46-year-old man subjected his ex-partner to escalating harassment throughout July and August after they ended their two year relationship in 2017.

His behaviour involved watching the victim's home in Cambridge from his car and sending numerous messages to her via text and social media.

At about 11.30pm on 28 July, the man parked outside the victim's home for about half an hour before leaving as the woman, aged in her 30s, tried to call police. However, later that evening she received a message from the man asking to speak to her.

In the coming days, the messages continued with the victim receiving another on the 3 August and a further ten two days later.

Then, on 7 August at about 8.15pm, CCTV at the victim's home picked up footage of the man walking behind her garden fence with a D-lock. Shortly after, the man's car was seen being driven past the front of the victim's home.

Later that evening the victim received 18 messages from the man claiming she owed him money. One of the messages said to read a note on the D-lock which he put on the victim's friend's motorbike parked outside her house, which made threats to cause harm.

He then continued to send messages including pictures of the victim's home while he was sat outside in his car.

On 9 August, the victim received a message from the man saying he was at her address. This was followed by a phone call from a neighbour to say he was sitting outside the property.

That evening, the victim called police and officers immediately attended and searched the area. The man was found a short while later three miles from the victim's home and arrested.

The man, from Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, is currently on police bail for harassment. However, while legal proceedings are ongoing, the officer in the case made an application to the court for a Stalking Protection Order to be authorised in an attempt to safeguard the victim.

The existing evidence was reviewed by the court and the application was granted. As a result, a ten year order was imposed on Monday (26 October) at **Cambridge** Magistrates' Court. It stipulates that the man must not:

\- contact the victim by any means

\- go to the victim's road in Cambridge unless with permission from police

\- contact the victim via phone or social media

\- make or initiate posts on social media about the victim which causes her distress or fear

\- engage in surveillance of the victim

\- use any device capable of accessing the internet unless it has capacity to retain and display access

\- approach or be within 50 metres of the victim.

Failure to comply with the above measures will result in further arrest.

**DC Erica O 'Hagan, who investigated, said**: "This man's actions escalated dramatically over time which culminated in him practically having the victim's home under surveillance.

"His behaviour understandably caused this woman a huge amount of distress and alarm in her own home until she thankfully called officers.

"This is the second stalking protection order made by the force and, thanks to the new legislation, we have been able to safeguard the victim while our criminal investigation continues.

"This new order is vital in being able to put appropriate measures in place to protect victims while investigations, which can often be lengthy, are thoroughly carried out.

"I hope this order gives the victim some measure of comfort and closure from what has been a really difficult and terrifying few months.

"I also hope this acts as a deterrent and prevents the man from contacting her any further.

"Tackling domestic abuse and stalking is one of our main aims and we will continue to do all we can to support victims and target offenders."

More information and advice around stalking can be found on our web page or call the National Stalking Helpline on 0808 802 0300.

Report stalking or harassment online or call police on 101, or in the case of an emergency always dial 999.
