```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "A county lines drug dealer who took over a woman\u2019s Cambridge flat to deal crack cocaine and heroin has been jailed."
publish:
  date: 1 Apr 2019
title: Teenage drug dealer jailed
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Teenage-drug-dealer-jailed-01042019
```

A county lines drug dealer who took over a woman's Cambridge flat to deal crack cocaine and heroin has been jailed.

Gideon Ankrah, 18, was at the property in Bridewell Road on 5 February when police officers arrived following reports of drug dealing.

When they knocked on the door Ankrah panicked and was reluctant to let them in, claiming it was his aunt's home and he didn't know where the key was.

Ankrah eventually let the officers inside the property, where they discovered 387 small packages of crack cocaine and heroin worth an estimated £3870 and a mobile phone with messages linked to drug dealing.

He had been staying at the woman's flat in a practice known as "cuckooing", where the occupant is often tricked or coerced into letting a drug dealer stay at their home.

Ankrah, of Eagle Wharf Road, London, admitted possession of crack cocaine and heroin with intent to supply.

Today (1 April) at Cambridge Crown Court he was sentenced to two years and four months in a young offenders institution.

PC Matt Smith said: "Information from the public plays an extremely important role in our efforts to disrupt county lines activity in Cambridge.

"Drugs cause misery for users and the wider community. We're working hard to tackle the issue and bring dealers to justice.

"Cuckooing is a despicable practice, which regularly involves preying on people with addictions, at times with threatening behaviour or intimidation."

Information about drug dealing can be reported via www.cambs.police.uk/report or by calling 101.

County lines refers to the dedicated mobile phones, or "lines", used by criminals to deal drugs originating in London in other UK towns and cities. More information about county lines can be found here: https://www.cambs.police.uk/information-and-services/Drug-networking
