```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A sex offender from March who breached a court order by moving in with his girlfriend has been sentenced.
publish:
  date: 3 Dec 2020
title: Sex offender breached court order
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Sex-offender-breached-court-order-03122020
```

A sex offender from March who breached a court order by moving in with his girlfriend has been sentenced.

Andre Day, 23, is subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order after he was convicted of engaging in sexual communications with a child in January.

On 24 June, Day moved out of his accommodation in Wisbech and moved in with his girlfriend but failed to tell police.

On 13 July, police found out where Day was living and he was arrested. Officers discovered he had recently purchased an iPhone and again did not notify them. This represented another breach of his order.

In interview Day admitted having access to two email addresses and several social media accounts.

Day, of Badgeney Road, March, pleaded guilty to breaching a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and failing to comply with notification requirements.

Today (3 December) at Cambridge Crown Court he was sentenced to eight months in prison but has been released from custody due to time spent on remand.

DC Zoe Rogers said: "Day fully understood the requirements of his court order, but decided to blatantly breach it and hoped to get away with it.

"We have a dedicated team of officers who work hard to ensure sex offenders are complying with their orders. We will continue to do all we can to identify breaches and bring people who think they are above the law before the courts."
