```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Tauland Marra was found with the drugs in a Peterborough house
publish:
  date: 14 Aug 2020
title: Man found with cannabis worth quarter of a million pounds
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/tauland-marra-peterborough-cannabis-jailed
```

A man found in a Peterborough house with cannabis worth up to a quarter of a million pounds has been jailed.

Tauland Marra, 28, of no fixed address, was found at the house in Sycamore Avenue on 13 January.

Officers initially visited the house on an unrelated matter, but heard someone inside and thought it may be the person they were looking to arrest.

Entry was forced to the house via the back door. Marra jumped out of a first floor window to try and escape officers, but was arrested.

It became clear to officers the house was being used as a cannabis factory and as they made their way through the address they found four vacuum bags of the class B drug, together with electrical growing equipment and other cannabis plants in the process of drying.

However, it was when they reached the loft that the full scale of the cannabis factory was laid bare.

Inside the loft were a total of 200 cannabis plants with a street value of approximately £250,000.

Marra was subsequently arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of a class B drug but in police interview, he answered "no comment" to all questions asked of him.

He pleaded guilty to the charge at Peterborough Crown Court yesterday (13 August) and was sentenced on the same day, where he was handed a total of 18 months in prison.

DC Sarah Morgan, who investigated, said: "We use a wide array of complex tactics to target those involved with drugs, however sometimes we're just in the right place at the right time.

"The production of cannabis can cause misery for our communities and can often be linked to violence and intimidation.

"We will continue to work hard to find and destroy cannabis farms and put the people behind or linked to them before the courts.

"I would urge people to report any suspicious activity to us and help make Cambridgeshire safer for everyone."

If you suspect drug activity in your area, report it to us here.
