```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who was caught stealing thousands of pounds worth of telecommunications cable has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 29 Nov 2019
title: Man jailed for high-value cable theft
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Man-jailed-high-value-cable-theft
```

A man who was caught stealing thousands of pounds worth of telecommunications cable has been jailed.

Donald Green, 50, parked his white Ford Transit van on a grass verge along the A11 near Newmarket at about 10pm on 27 October when he was spotted by an officer from Suffolk's Road Policing Unit.

The officer illuminated their blue lights to alert other road users, but Green began to drive away.

The officer followed Green for a short while onto the A1304 before pulling him over and arresting him after it was discovered he was disqualified.

Following a check of the vehicle's details it became apparent it was being driven on false number plates.

A search of the area where the van had originally been parked revealed more than £3,600 worth of BT cables hidden behind a hedge, with more found in the back of Green's van.

Green, of White Horse Avenue, Halstead, Essex, was jailed for 19 months at Cambridge Crown Court on Tuesday (26 November) after pleading guilty to theft, driving while disqualified and driving without insurance.

DC Tom Adams said: "Green was caught red-handed stealing thousands of pounds worth of telecommunications cable, which can cause misery for small villages.

"His sentence reflects how seriously the courts take offending of this nature."
