```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Detectives investigating a series of six burglaries in Peterborough are appealing for information from the public.
publish:
  date: 25 Sep 2020
title: Appeal following burglary series in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Appeal-following-burglary-series-in-Peterborough
```

Detectives investigating a series of six burglaries in Peterborough are appealing for information from the public.

The series began at about 1.15am on 15 September when thieves smashed a rear window at Byre Veterinary Surgery in Papyrus Road. They carried out an untidy search, caused damage to property and stole two laptops.

The following day at about 5.20am Werrington Primary School in Papyrus Road was broken into and a black Dell laptop stolen from an office.

On 18 September there were a further two break ins. At 1.30am nearly £5,000 in cash and a handbag was stolen from At Last Tea Rooms in Church Street, Werrington, and then thieves forced their way into the Veterinary Business Development, Staniland Way, and left with a small amount of cash and a silver Dell laptop with black edging.

The final two burglaries in the series took place overnight from Tuesday (22 September) to Wednesday. Several bottles of alcohol worth £100 were stolen from the Cherry House Restaurant in Church Street, Werrington, and a small amount of cash, a pair of GHD hair straighteners and other expensive hair dressing equipment was taken from Loxley Barbers in Loxley.

The suspect is described as a man of medium build, wearing a plain baseball cap, grey hoody, grey jogging bottoms and canvas/fabric type trainers. He also has a tattoo on the left side of his neck. At one of the burglaries he was carrying a draw-string plain coloured back pack.

Detective Sergeant Peter Hume said: "We all know this year has been particularly difficult for local businesses, so to become a victim of burglary as well is devastating for people working hard to earn an honest living.

"We believe these burglaries are linked and we're urging anyone with information, or who has noticed suspicious behaviour in the Werrington area over the last couple of weeks to contact us."

Anyone with information regarding this incident should speak to an operator via the police online web-chat quoting 35/62556/20 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report. If you do not have access a computer, please dial 101. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
