```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man has been jailed after being found guilty of causing a crash which resulted in the death of an unborn baby.
publish:
  date: 12 Oct 2017
title: Jail for serious crash driver
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-for-serious-crash-driver
```

A man has been jailed after being found guilty of causing a crash which resulted in the death of an unborn baby.

Leroy Margolis, 29, was driving in poor conditions on the A1307 Linton bypass at about 7.55pm on 1 October last year when he began overtaking a lorry.

He lost control and crashed into a Volkswagen Polo travelling in the opposite direction.

Louise Abbott, 28, who was the front seat passenger in the Polo and 25 weeks pregnant, was seriously injured. She was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge where her baby was delivered still-born.

Complications meant Louise was kept on the critical care ward for four days and on a general surgical ward for a further ten days.

Margolis, of Scotts Garden, Whittlesford, denied causing serious injury by dangerous driving but was yesterday (11 October) found guilty by a jury at Cambridge Crown Court and jailed for two years.

He was also disqualified from driving for three years, with a one year extension to cover his prison sentence and an extended retest.

PC Paul Nisbet, who investigated, said: "This was a reckless piece of driving which had terrible consequences but I hope today's conviction gives the victims some comfort in the knowledge that justice has been done.

"I would like to express my deepest sympathy to the Abbot family and all those effected by such a tragic loss of a young life".
