```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A taxi marshal scheme will be trialled in Peterborough over the festive period.
publish:
  date: 8 Dec 2017
title: New scheme to prevent anti-social behaviour at taxi ranks
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/asb-taxi-ranks
```

A taxi marshal scheme will be trialled in Peterborough over the festive period.

The Safer Peterborough Partnership, Cambridgeshire Constabulary and Peterborough City Council have teamed up to offer the service which aims to prevent alcohol fuelled anti-social behaviour and ensure passengers access taxis quickly and get home safely.

They will also prevent private hire vehicles from touting.

The scheme launches today (8 December) and will continue each weekend up to and including New Year's Eve between 10pm and 6am (except Christmas Eve which will be 10pm to 2am).

The two Security Industry Authority (SIA) registered marshals will operate on the Broadway and Northminster ranks. They will carry body warn cameras and radios which will give them access to CCTV and the police.

Licensing Officer for Cambridgeshire Constabulary, PC Grahame Robinson, said: "This scheme has been put in place to ensure the safe and effective dispersal of revellers after visiting Peterborough city centre in the evenings.

"The lead up to Christmas is generally a busy time when there are more people out enjoying themselves and then looking for a way home. With the support of the marshals we can give a strong visual presence, safely disperse people and keep an eye out for any vulnerability."

Councillor Irene Walsh, cabinet member for communities for Peterborough City Council, said: "We are in the season of Christmas parties and festivities which is one of the busiest times of year for the night time economy. As a result we are delighted to support the taxi marshal scheme, which will make a significant contribution to improving the safety of Peterborough at night this Christmas.

"The Safer Peterborough Partnership is determined to crack down on alcohol related anti-social behaviour and violence and we hope the scheme will help to reassure people that they will be able to find a taxi safely after they have enjoyed their evening out."

The scheme will be evaluated next month with the possibility of rolling it out during key dates in 2018.
