```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A woman has been jailed for 32 months after stealing from an elderly woman who invited her into her home.
publish:
  date: 5 Oct 2018
title: Burglar traced through DNA on mug
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Burglar-traced-through-DNA-on-mug
```

A woman has been jailed for 32 months after stealing from an elderly woman who invited her into her home.

Marie Jurcikova

Marie Jurcikova, 24, called at the 86-year-old's home in Woodston, Peterborough, with accomplice, Marek Gabor, 25, and asked if she could use the bathroom on 28 December last year.

Marek Gabor

Jurcikova asked for £5 and was given a small pot of change.

Gabor asked to use the toilet and stole the victim's purse with £50 inside, while Jurcikova stood and drank a cappuccino with her.

The pair then said they were going outside for a cigarette before fleeing.

After police were called, officers matched DNA left on the coffee mug to Jurcikova. As officers arrested her, they noticed Gabor matched the description given by the victim and arrested him.

Jurcikova, of Oundle Road, Woodston, Peterborough, pleaded guilty to burglary and was sentenced on Wednesday (3 October) at Peterborough Crown Court to 30 months for the burglary and a further two months for failing to surrender to police.

Gabor, also of Oundle Road, pleaded guilty to burglary and was sentenced to two years, with an automatic deportation order, in July.

PC Martin George said: "Jurcikova and Gabor purposefully targeted and exploited an elderly woman.

"This sentence shows the tough stance the criminal justice system takes on burglary and will hopefully deter others from doing the same."
