```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following two burglaries in Peterborough in the last few weeks where jewellery was stolen.
publish:
  date: 22 Nov 2019
title: Police appeal following burglaries in Peterborough
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/police-appeal-peterborough-burglaries
```

Police are appealing for information following two burglaries in Peterborough in the last few weeks where jewellery was stolen.

The first burglary took place on 22 October in Grange Road, Peterborough. When the owner of the property returned home from work, she noticed her patio door had been smashed and there had been an untidy search of the house.

When she checked upstairs, she noticed a number of items of expensive jewellery and watches had been taken.

The second burglary happened on 16 November in Houghton Avenue, Park Farm, Peterborough. The owners returned to discover a number of high-value gold jewellery items and a safe had been taken. The total estimated value of the jewellery is believed to be up to £12,000.

DC Anna Pollard said: "We are keeping an open mind as to whether these two incidents are linked and are appealing to anyone with information or who has been offered the items for sale to contact us as a matter of urgency.

"We recognise that burglaries can have a devastating impact on victims, which is why tackling the issue is a force priority."

Police are appealing to anyone with information to contact police on 101 quoting one of two reference numbers. For the incident on 22 October, quote 35/75750/19, or report it online: www.cambs.police.uk/report/report

For the incident on 16 November, quote 35/82169/19 or report it online: www.cambs.police.uk/report/report
