```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A drug dealer was found with thousands of pounds worth of crack cocaine after police tracked him using a trail of footprints in snow.
publish:
  date: 10 Apr 2018
title: Jail for county lines drug dealer
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Jail-for-county-lines-drug-dealer-Deria
```

A drug dealer was found with thousands of pounds worth of crack cocaine after police tracked him using a trail of footprints in snow.

Khalid Deria, 24, was hiding in a garage block when officers investigated reports that a property in Atkins Close, Cambridge, was being used for drug dealing, also known as 'cuckooing', on 2 March.

After following the tracks, Deria attempted to run but was caught and arrested.

He was searched and officers found 456 wraps of crack cocaine, worth about £4,560.

Deria was found with 456 wraps of crack cocaine, worth about £4,560.

Deria, of Avestone Road, Greenwich, London, pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and was jailed for three years and four months last Tuesday (3 April) at Cambridge Crown Court.

Sergeant Paul Street said: "We have a zero tolerance policy on drugs and our priority is to remove dealers like Deria from the streets of Cambridge.

"This brilliant result not only cost the drugs line a lot of money, but also put away a drug dealer, preventing him from continuing with his criminality."

If you suspect somebody involved in drug dealing you should report this to us online or call us on 101 or 999 in an emergency. Or you can report it anonymously by calling Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or visiting crimestoppers-uk.org.

More information about county lines can be found here drug-networking.

Deria was jailed for three years and four months
