```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A man who attacked another man with a knife and a bottle at a Cambridge hostel has been jailed.
publish:
  date: 21 Jan 2021
title: Man jailed following violent attack
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/man-jailed-following-violent-attack
```

A man who attacked another man with a knife and a bottle at a Cambridge hostel has been jailed.

Thomas Smith, 46, approached the victim, a man in his 20s, when he returned to the hostel, in Walnut Tree Avenue, where they both lived at just before 10.30pm on 15 November.

Smith asked the victim for a cigarette as they walked into a communal living area but an argument broke out about Smith's partner.

The dispute escalated and Smith lunged towards the victim armed with a glass bottle.

The man backed away into a corridor but Smith followed and struck him with the bottle as he defended himself with his arms.

The victim kicked out in self-defence and Smith threatened to kill him.

Smith followed the victim outside, wielding the glass bottle as well as a knife behind his back. He made numerous attempts to stab the victim before backing away and again threatening to kill him.

The victim fled to a friend's home and contacted police the following morning.

Smith, of Walnut Tree Avenue, Cambridge, was arrested on 17 November and later pleaded guilty to assault by beating and threatening a person with a blade in a public place.

He was sentenced to 21 months in prison at Huntingdon Law Court on Thursday (21 January).

**DC Ciaron Hickey said** : "Smith's violent actions were completely unacceptable and it's sheer luck the victim wasn't seriously injured.

"There's no place for knife crime or dangerous behaviour like this in Cambridgeshire and I hope Smith will use his time in prison to reflect on what he did."

Anyone who knows someone who carries a knife or offensive weapon can report it online or anonymously, via Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or http://www.crimestoppers-uk.org/
