```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Call handler, Carmen McCann, shines a light on the difficult realities of working on the frontline during a global pandemic, and explains how her colleagues kept each other going.
publish:
  date: 23 Oct 2020
title: A day in the life of a Police Call Handler during Covid-19
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/call-handler-covid-19
```

**Call handler, Carmen McCann, shines a light on the difficult realities of working on the frontline during a global pandemic, but it 's not all bad when you've got such a wonderful team around you… **

"I work as a demand hub operator for Cambridgeshire Police, based at their headquarters in Huntingdon. I've been in the job for three and a half years now and my responsibilities include taking emergency and non-emergency calls as the first point of contact for the public. I also record crime reports that come through our online reporting channel and through our partner agencies. I work alongside the dispatch function in the control room, to appropriately risk assess each call and request attendance by officers, or find an alternative solution.

"It's an incredibly rewarding but challenging job and never have my team and I felt this more than earlier this year when the country locked down amid the Coronavirus pandemic.

### **Challenging times**

"In all honesty, stressful doesn't quite cover how we felt in the weeks following 23 March when the Government officially announced the UK had gone into lockdown. With staff working from home and many facing childcare issues as the schools closed, we had quite a task on our hands.

"Suddenly we were faced with this metaphorical avalanche of people that required responses from us, but of course, we were trying to navigate the everchanging policies ourselves.

"It was a huge responsibility to sift through and differentiate the genuine calls and breaches from the malicious ongoing neighbour disputes. I felt the full force of responsibility having to make the call as to which jobs needed officers to attend and which didn't.

"Regular crime was still happening and we needed to ensure we had enough staff to attend emergencies and incidents where there was an immediate threat to life.

### **Battling misconceptions**

"I think there was a real misconception that the police were now only dealing with Covid breaches, when we knew the reality was very different.

"Of course, there were some pockets of quieter time. Some crime levels did drop as businesses closed and more people stayed indoors. I'd go as far as to say it was eerily quiet at times, which put call handlers on edge as we wondered when the next barrage of calls would come in.

### "And while it was rather pleasant to see a pause on the usual Friday and Saturday night calls to attend to people who'd had one too many beers, these calls were quickly replaced with Covid breaches, so quiet times never lasted long.

### **Keeping spirits up**

"Perhaps understandably morale within the team was low at times, we were busy and the whole situation was something none of us had ever faced before. And we didn't have the option of working from home like many people so we just had to keep going and keep our spirits up as best we could. It helps that we're really close, and when you work in this kind of environment you become like a family.

"Our main focus was to do our best to support the public, even when they were abusive towards us, we understood that everyone was feeling worried and anxious.

### **Stronger as one**

"I feel so thankful for the team I have around me. Without each other I don't know how we'd have got through the last six months or how we'd be able to face the next six.

"Every single one of my colleagues came together and supported each other day-in, day-out as we always have. We're all very much part of one big ship and we work together to steer it to safety.

"Thankfully we all know each other really well so we can immediately tell if someone is low. We all offer each other a shoulder to cry on or a sympathetic ear when needed.

"We're planning a team meal once this is over to celebrate getting through the worst of lockdown and look forward to the future. There's a feeling that if we can get through this, we can get through anything and we're certainly stronger together."

If you are interested in working within our demand hub and being part of the policing family, head over to our recruitment pages and keep an eye out for opportunities!
