```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Jamie Richards left a prison officer with a double fracture to his cheekbone
publish:
  date: 8 Sep 2020
title: Prisoner has sentence extended after flip flop dispute
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jamie-richards-prison-attack-sentencing
```

An inmate launched an attack on a prison officer after he was challenged for leaving his cell in a dressing gown and flip flops.

Jamie Richards, 29, was seen leaving the cell at HMP Whitemoor at around 8.30am on 30 September last year.

Richards had planned to collect some medication but was spoken to by the prison officer for what he was wearing and his collection plans were refused.

Richards was verbally abusive towards the officer and told him he would "knock him out".

Later that same day, at just before 2pm, Richards was spotted walking through the metal detector and looked as if he was leaving the B wing area of the prison.

However, without warning, he then walked up behind the prison officer, who was talking to another prisoner at the time, and punched him to the right side of his face.

The force of the punch caused the prison officer to fall backwards and hit his head on the railings or concrete. Richards was immediately restrained by staff.

The prison officer suffered a double fracture to his cheekbone and had to have an extended period off work.

At the time of the assault Richards was serving an 11-year prison sentence for an attempted robbery in Swansea in 2016, and further offending while behind bars. He had an early release date listed of 2022.

When interviewed, Richards admitted the assault but claimed he didn't intend to cause that level of injury to the prison officer.

He said he had been "very annoyed" at not being allowed to collect his medication and the same prison officer had let others wear similar attire without challenging them. Richards claimed others in the prison were treated favourably by staff and said he had "had enough".

He said he had been annoyed all morning about the situation and when his cell was unlocked he approached the prisoner officer and punched him "without really thinking about it".

Richards was later charged with assault occasioning grievous bodily harm (GBH) without intent.

He pleaded guilty at Cambridge Crown Court on Monday (7 September) and was sentenced on the same day.

Judge Jonathan Cooper handed Richards a further two years in prison, to be served only on the conclusion of his existing sentence.

DC Shelly Reeve said: "Richards had already proved he was dangerous when he was sent to a category A prison, where the most serious offenders are kept. As a result of his actions, he will be staying there a little while longer.

"Prison staff work hard to ensure the safety of inmates and should be able to do so without fear of being attacked.

"The attack could have quite easily been much more serious and I am pleased Richards' time behind bars has been extended.

"I hope this gives him time to reflect on his actions and rethink his violent behaviour."
