```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: Two dealers of class A drugs in Peterborough have been convicted after CCTV operators spotted them in the act.
publish:
  date: 2 Dec 2020
title: Drug dealers spotted by Peterborough CCTV operators
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/Saeed-and-Hussein-sentencing-Dec2020
```

Two dealers of class A drugs in Peterborough have been convicted after CCTV operators spotted them in the act.

CCTV operators became suspicious of the behaviour of two men in Eastfield Road on 23 March last year (2019), suspecting a drug deal may have been in progress.

Police were alerted to the activity and stopped a car the pair got into and found 35-year-old Aram Hussein in the front passenger seat and 29-year-old Sarkawt Saeed (pictured below) in the back.

The pair were searched, along with the driver and the car, revealing a cannabis joint, two kinder eggs containing cocaine, £94 cash on Hussein and £765 cash on Saeed.

All three men were arrested in connection with the supply of class A drugs and searches were carried out at their home addresses.

About £4,500 worth of cocaine was found at Saeed's home, along with £230 cash, three mobile phones and a box containing a number of SIM cards.

Scales with residue of cannabis and cocaine were seized from Hussein's home, along with 10 mobile phones.

Both men were charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs, while the driver was later released with no further action.

On 31 March this year (2020), Saeed, of Ledham in Orton Brimbles, was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison after pleading guilty to the offence.

Hussein, formerly of Star Road in Eastgate, initially denied the same charge as well as possession with intent to supply cannabis and possession of cannabis, however on the first day of his trial on 28 October he entered guilty pleas.

Yesterday (Tuesday 1 December), he appeared at Norwich Crown Court where he was sentenced to 12 months in prison, suspended for 18 months. He must complete 150 hours of unpaid work and a 10-days rehabilitation activity requirement (RAR).

DC Pete Wise said: "There is no place for drug dealing in our communities - thanks to a good spot by our colleagues who operate the city's CCTV cameras, yet again we were able to work together to apprehend drug dealers and remove harmful substances from our streets."

Anyone with information about drug dealing is urged to report it to police online at https://bit.ly/3qetons.
