```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Detectives investigating two thefts, which has seen more than \xA37,000 in cash stolen moments after victims leave their bank, are appealing for information."
publish:
  date: 10 Aug 2020
title: Thieves target bank goers
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/thieves-target-bank-goers
```

Detectives investigating two thefts, which has seen more than £7,000 in cash stolen moments after victims leave their bank, are appealing for information.

The first incident was reported to police on Thursday morning (6 August) after a woman in her 80s had visited a bank in Cherry Hinton Road, Cambridge, and was involved in a minor collision in Rustat Road on her way home.

The woman got out to speak to the driver, who refused to give details, before driving home where she realised an envelope containing £550 had been stolen from her passenger seat.

At about 11.30am the following day (7 August) a man in his 30s, who had also just visited the bank, stopped at a set of traffic lights in Histon Road when a black Saab bumped into his car from behind.

After finding no damage to his car the man went to drive off but a passenger of the Saab came up to his window claiming his bumper had fallen off.

As he got out to check again for damages the man reached into his car to pick up a cash bag, containing £6,600, before running back to the Saab which sped off through a red light onto Kings Hedges Road.

DI Richard Stott, who is investigating, said: "Both victims appear to have been targeted after visiting the bank just moments before.

"We believe these two offences are linked and are urging anyone with information about either incident, or any suspicious behaviour in either areas at the time, to get in touch."

If you are planning on carrying large sums of cash consider dividing it up into smaller amounts and making several trips.

If that's not possible, be as discreet as possible while also being wary of your surroundings and making sure not to attract any attention to yourself.

Anyone with information should contact police either by speaking to a web-chat operator on our website www.cambs.police.uk/report quoting 35/52497/20 (incident on Thursday) or 35/52837/20 (incident on Friday). If you do not have access to a computer, you can report by calling 101.
