```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: A registered sex offender breached his notification requirements after setting up social media accounts under fake names.
publish:
  date: 5 Mar 2020
title: Sex offender jailed after creating fake Facebook profile
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/sex-offender-jailed-after-creating-fake-facebook-profile
```

A registered sex offender breached his notification requirements after setting up social media accounts under fake names.

Lawrence Davies, 34, was placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life in 2008 and after being released from prison came under the management of the Public Protection Unit (PPU).

On Wednesday (3 March) the PPU team discovered Davies had set up a fake Facebook account in order to communicate with a woman.

He was arrested and in interview it was discovered he had also created a Snapchat account and two email addresses.

He said he had created the accounts under fake names as he didn't want to receive any abuse under his own name due to his offending history.

Davies, of no fixed abode, had not informed PPU about the existence of any of these accounts or that he was using an alias which is a direct breach of his notification requirements.

He pleaded guilty to four counts of failing to comply with his notification requirements at Peterborough Magistrates' Court yesterday (4 March). He was recalled to prison for a further year after breaching the conditions of his release on licence.

Detective Sergeant Paul Stimpson said: "Davies thought by using an alias he was being clever, but part of our job managing offenders is to make sure we know exactly what they are doing at all times to prevent them from reoffending, so he has only made it worse for himself."

Anyone who is concerned someone may have been convicted of a sex offence, and could be posing a risk to someone, can apply for disclosure information through _Clare's Law_ and _Sarah's Law_.

More information on sexual offences and the Sex Offenders Register can be found _on the force website_.
