```yaml
area: Cambridgeshire
og:
  description: "Jon Harknett was also fined \xA31,500 after being involved in violence in Cambridge"
publish:
  date: 14 Nov 2019
title: Supporter handed football banning order
url: https://www.cambs.police.uk/news-and-appeals/jon-harknett-football-banning-order
```

A Colchester United supporter has been handed a three-year football banning order after being involved in violence in Cambridge.

Jon Harknett, 21, was arrested on the day of the Cambridge United versus Colchester game on 30 March.

He ran towards a fight which was developing between opposing fans in Newmarket Road, Cambridge, shortly after 2pm as they all walked towards the Abbey Stadium.

He was stopped by an officer as he did so, but struggled free and threw a punch towards him before being arrested on suspicion of affray.

Harknett, of Spruce Avenue, Colchester, was then charged with using threatening words or behaviour and initially denied the offence.

However, he was found guilty after standing trial at Cambridge Magistrates' Court yesterday (13 November). He was handed the football banning order and also fined a total of £1,500.

The order imposed prevents him from attending any football match in the UK, specifically including home and away Colchester United games.

He must also surrender his passport when the England national team travel abroad, as well as during Euro 2020, which will be held all over Europe.

Mark Wood, the force's dedicated football officer, said: "This type of anti-social behaviour tarnishes the reputation of the 99 per cent of supporters who just want to turn up and watch the match.

"There is no place for this behaviour anywhere and particularly not at football matches, which are family environments."
