```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Bogus Official Burglary, Knottingley | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-bogus-official-burglary-knottingley
```

**Monday 25 January, 2021**

Police are urging residents to be wary following recent bogus official burglaries involving elderly victims in parts of Wakefield District.

Wakefield District CID are appealing for witnesses following the latest offence at an address on Tithe Barn Road in Knottingley on Tuesday January 19 between 11am and 11.30am.

It took place after a man called at a downstairs flat and claimed he was from the ‘water board’ and had to access the meter.

He was let in by the elderly female occupant and then distracted the victim by keeping her talking.

A second unknown male or female suspect is then thought to have entered the property and stolen property and cash while the victim was kept occupied by the first male.

Police are investigating two other similar offences of people claiming to be ‘from the water board’ to gain entry to properties in the Castleford area in January.

In both cases the victims were elderly residents.

Detective Inspector Paul Oldham of Wakefield District CID, said: “We are appealing for witnesses to this, frankly, highly cruel offence which has targeted a vulnerable and elderly resident in her own home.

“I would ask anyone who has information about the latest offence on Tithe Street and who perhaps saw suspects entering the victim’s property to contact Wakefield District CID.

“Also, we ‘d like to advise residents they are under no obligation to let someone into their homes and should always ask to see identification. Trades people from gas and water agencies will carry photo ID and have a contact number residents can ring to check their identities.”

Anyone who has information about the latest offence can contact Wakefield District CID on 101 referencing crime number 13210035257.

Details can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat or anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
