```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Police Name Man Who Died In Fatal Collision, Wykebeck Valley Road, Leeds. | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-police-name-man-who-died-fatal-collision-wykebeck-valley-road-leeds
```

**Saturday, March 6, 2021**

Police investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Leeds can now release the identity of a man who did as a result of the collision.

Prince Kabaya (35) from Leeds was the passenger in a grey VW Golf and died when it was in collision with a tree on Wykebeck Valley Road at around 02.50 hours on Saturday 27th February 2021.

In a statement, his family said: “We as a family would like to firstly thank all those who have come forward and have given their statements to the police thus far. We would also like to ask those who can help further with the investigation to please come forward. Thank you all for your love and support in this critical time as we are aware our beloved brother was loved by many. Forever Grateful to you all.”

The Major Collision and Enquiry Team ( MCET) is continuing to investigate the cause of the collision and the events leading up to it, and is still appealing for witnesses to come forwards.

Anyone who has information, dashcam or mobile phone footage of the incident is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team, via 101, quoting Log number 225 of 27th February 2021.

Information can also be given online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

**Saturday, February 27, 2021**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision in Leeds earlier today.

At 2.55am this morning (27/2) officers were called to the incident in Wykebeck Valley Road, Gipton, near to the mini-roundabout junction with Oakwood Lane.

A grey Volkswagen Golf had left the carriageway and was in collision with a tree.

A passenger in the vehicle, a 35-year-old man, was pronounced dead at hospital a short time later.

A 31-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries that are not considered life threatening. He has been arrested on suspicion of offences including causing death by dangerous driving, driving while over the prescribed limit and aggravated vehicle taking.

A scene was put in place to undergo examination and the road has now reopened.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw the Golf being driven prior to the collision, particularly anyone with relevant dashcam footage, is asked contact the West Yorkshire Police Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 quoting collision reference 13210100338 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat
