```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Jailed For Seventeen Years For Sexual Offences Against Children | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-jailed-seventeen-years-sexual-offences-against-children
```

**Thursday 21 May 2020**

A Nottinghamshire man has been jailed for 17 years after being convicted of a catalogue of serious sexual offending against children.

Christopher Jackson (62) who has lived in Nottinghamshire and Kirklees was jailed for 16 years at Leeds Crown Court yesterday ( 20 May 2020) with an extended sentence of one year on licence on his release.

Jackson was found guilty at trial in November and December 2019 of a series of offences against three girls and a boy between the years of 2010 and 2016 at locations in Kirklees and in the Nottinghamshire area.

The 10 separate offences he was found guilty of included rape, sexual assault and sexual activity with a child.

His crimes first came to light in 2016 after one of his victims came forwards to report what he had done to her.

The report prompted a lengthy and painstaking investigation led by the Kirklees Safeguarding Unit with support from police in Nottinghamshire.

Investigators were able to locate other victims who, with support, made disclosures against Jackson, helping build a case against him.

During Wednesday’s sentencing His Honour Judge Jameson QC commended investigating officer DC Mark Gregory and Registered Intermediary Kate Blake for their work in exposing Jackson’s offending and supporting his victims.

Detective Constable Mark Gregory, of the Kirklees Child Safeguarding Unit, said: “Christopher Jackson is a true sexual predator who committed appalling acts against children over a number of years.

“The victims have shown incredible courage in coming forwards and reporting these offences and have been supported throughout this process by specialist safeguarding officers.

“We have dedicated adult and child safeguarding units in Kirklees district who work tirelessly to bring sex offenders to justice and I would encourage any victims to come forwards in the confidence that they will be supported and safeguarded.”

Detective Inspector Alex Bacon of the Kirklees Child Safeguarding Unit, said: “Jackson has been jailed following a painstaking investigation and the Judge’s Commendations received by DC Gregory and Kate Blake, the registered intermediary in the case, are well deserved.

“We will do all we can to achieve justice for all victims of sexual offending and will always listen and fully investigate as this case demonstrates.”
