```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Hate Crime Panel Appoints New Leaders | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/hate-crime-panel-appoints-new-leaders
```

Thursday, 11 June 2020

The Hate Crime Scrutiny Panel for Bradford District has announced its chair and deputy chair for the coming year.

Halyna Dowhan and Hoshiar Singh took over the respective roles from Surinder Jagpal and Finn Thorbrian last month, after they completed their year’s tenure.

The district panel is one of five in West Yorkshire which independently looks at how hate crime/incidents have been dealt with, as well as stop and search occurrences.

Members usually meet every six weeks, but current restrictions on gatherings following the Coronavirus outbreak have prevented these.

Halyna, who is from Bradford, is a director of Age UK in Bradford District and was formerly a director of the Bradford LGBT Strategic Partnership.

Hoshiar, who is also from Bradford, is the current deputy chair of the Bradford District Independent Advisory Group, which reviews the police response to issues affecting its communities. He is also a Sikh Chaplain at Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.

He has previously worked for Bradford District Council in a number of roles and is a former Special Constable.

Halyna paid tribute to the outgoing chair and deputy chair for their service to the panel and said she was ‘extremely honoured’ to be its new chair.

“Inclusion and the equal rights of every individual have always been my top priorities, and we must make sure that the people we serve feel they are listened to, safe and valued.

“Hate crime is abhorrent, and as chair I will make sure we scrutinise these matters thoroughly to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of investigations.”

For more information about your local hate crime scrutiny panel and how you can get involved, please contact the Equality and Diversity Team, HQ Corporate Support, West Yorkshire Police, PO Box 9, Laburnum Road, Wakefield, WF1 3QP or email [email protected]

Halyna Dowhan

Hoshiar Singh
