```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Six Jailed For Nearly 40 Years Following Programme Precision Operation | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/six-jailed-nearly-40-years-following-programme-precision-operation
```

**Monday, 22 March 2021**

A Programme Precision operation has seen six people sentenced to nearly 40 years in prison.

The team also seized 9kg of high purity cocaine and £139,000 in cash during the investigation.

On 6 September 2019, Tobias Melgram, 33 and Mohammed Asim Khan, 37, arranged for Lauren Holdsworth, 26, Tiana Warner, 32 and Karla Black, 32 to deliver cash to an address in Prescot in Merseyside.

They met Michael Peterson, 50, and then exchanged the cash for the 9kg of cocaine.

Black, Warner and Holdsworth then began making their way back to Bradford, but they were stopped by officers on the exit slip of the M606 at the Staygate roundabout by West Yorkshire Police officers.

The drugs were located in the vehicle

Peterson was then arrested from his home address in Prescot and the cash was found along with drugs in the property.

And last Thursday (18 March) at Bradford Crown Court the six were sentenced to a total of 37 years and one month for their crimes.

Detective Superintendent Carl Galvin – Head of Serious and Organised Crime – Programme Precision for West Yorkshire Police, said:

“This was very successful operation which saw significant sentences handed out by the court and illegal drugs and cash seized.

“The hard work and dedication of the team made these results possible.

“Illegal drugs are a menace to the communities we serve and by taking them off the streets the team are helping to make a real difference.

“I also want to thank our partners in Bradford District Police who helped in the operation. Teamwork with partners is vital to the success of Programme Precision.”

The following sentences were passed:

• Mohammed Asim Khan, 37, of Rhodesway, Bradford admitted Conspiracy to Supply Class A Drugs and Possession of Criminal Property. He was sentenced to 12 years and seven months.

• Tobias Melgram, 33 of Broad Street, Bradford admitted Conspiracy to Supply Class A Drugs and Possession of Criminal Property. He was sentenced to nine years and four months.

• Lauren Holdsworth, 26, of Holme Wood, Bradford admitted Conspiracy to Supply Class A Drugs and Possession of Criminal Property. She was sentenced to three years and four months.

• Tiana Warner, 32, of Birkenshaw, Bradford was found guilty of Conspiracy to Supply Class A Drugs and Possession of Criminal Property. She was sentenced to four years.

• Karla Black, 32, of Heckmondwike admitted Conspiracy to Supply Class A Drugs and Possession of Criminal Property. She was sentenced to three years.

• Michael Peterson, 50, of Carlton Street, Prescot, Merseyside admitted Conspiracy to Supply Class A Drugs and Possession of Criminal Property and was sentenced to four years and 10 months. He also admitted possession with intent to supply heroin and possession with intent to supply cannabis (for which he was sentenced to two years and 12 months respectively. Those sentences are to be served concurrently.

The team were also commended by the Judge for their work on this case.

Mohammed Asim Khan

Tobias Melgram

Lauren Holdsworth

Tiana Warner

Karla Black

The bag of cash, containing £139,000
