```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Appeal Following Fatal Collision, Barnsley Road, Flockton | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-following-fatal-collision-barnsley-road-flockton
```

**Wednesday 22 April, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman died and two children were seriously injured in a road traffic collision on Barnsley Road, Flockton.

The incident happened at 5.50pm on Monday 20 April when a Fiat Punto was travelling along the A637, Barnsley Road.

It was being driven in the direction of Flockton from Grange Moor.

The car then left the carriageway and collided with a tree.

As a result of the collision a 33-year-old Danielle Broadhead from the Barnsley area was seriously injured. She died a short time later.

Two boys aged 22 months and seven years old, who were in the car at the time of the collision, were also taken to hospital for checks and treatment.

The seven year old was discharged following treatment to an arm injury while the 22 month old remains in hospital for treatment to head injuries which are serious but not life threatening.

Detective Inspector Paul Conroy from the Major Collision and Enquiry Team, said: “This was a truly tragic incident in which a woman has sadly lost her life and two children have also been seriously injured.

"Specially trained officers are supporting the victim's family at this time as our investigation into what caused her car to leave the road continues.

“I would like to appeal to anyone who saw the crash or the Fiat Punto in the moments before the collision or who has dashcam footage to contact us.

"Information can be given to MCET on 101 quoting log 1525 of Monday 20 April.”
