```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Detectives Appeal After Man Injured In Shooting, Thorpe Road, Middleton | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/detectives-appeal-after-man-injured-shooting-thorpe-road-middleton
```

**Monday, January 11, 2021**

Detectives are appealing for information after a man was injured in a shooting in Leeds.

At 7.50pm last night (10/1) police were contacted by the ambulance service who had received a report of a man having been shot in Thorpe Road, Middleton.

Armed officers deployed to the scene and further information was received about a 31-year-old man presenting at hospital with a gunshot wound to the leg.

His injuries are not considered life threatening and he has now been arrested in connection with the incident.

A scene is in place in Thorpe Road to undergo forensic examination and specialist searches and enquiries are being carried out led by West Yorkshire Police Homicide and Major Enquiry Team.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe said: “Our investigation is still at a relatively early stage but we are carrying out extensive enquiries to establish the full circumstances of this incident.

“We would like to hear from anyone who has witnessed the incident in Thorpe Road or who has any information that could assist the investigation.

“The criminal use of firearms on our streets is always something we treat extremely seriously.

“We recognise that an incident such as this will cause understandable concern in the community and we are working closely with our colleagues at Leeds District, including the local neighbourhood policing team, to provide suitable reassurance.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 quoting reference 13210015548 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
