```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Leeds Man Sentenced For Firearms Offences | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/leeds-man-sentenced-firearms-offences
```

**Thursday April 1, 2021**

A Leeds man has been jailed after his DNA was found on a shotgun recovered following a police search.

Levi Paterson (18) from Leeds was sentenced to three years in prison at Leeds Crown Court on April 1, after admitting possessing a firearm at an earlier hearing at Leeds Magistrates Court in October 2020.

He was also given two concurrent 12 month jail sentences for two separate robbery offences from 2019, adding to a total sentence of four years in prison for all the offending.

West Yorkshire Police Homicide and Major Enquiry Team detectives have welcomed the sentencing and said it demonstrates that those who get involved in gun crime at any level should expect to be put behind bars.

The firearm was recovered from a shed type building at a property at Servia Gardens in Leeds in September 2020 and the male was arrested in October after he was forensically linked to it.

A number of CSI examinations have been ongoing regarding the weapon to see if it has been used in or is linked to recent offending in West Yorkshire.

DCI Vanessa Rolfe of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team, said: “We welcome the sentencing of this male today after he admitted the possession of a lethal weapon recovered by officers in September last year.

“I hope this sentence demonstrates that those who are prepared to involve themselves in firearms offending in any way should expect to be deprived of their liberty.

“Criminals should also be aware that if they risk handling an illegal gun, there is every chance we will uncover your connection to it and put you before the courts.”
