```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Bradford Man Given Extended Term For Sexual Offences Against Children | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/bradford-man-given-extended-term-sexual-offences-against-children
```

Friday, 24 January 2020

A man from Bradford has been jailed after he pleaded guilty to sexual offences against children.

Daniel Ross Tetley was sentenced to nine years in prison at Bradford Crown Court today (Friday), after he admitted to charges relating to child sexual exploitation and the distribution of indecent images.

Daniel Tetley

This was part of an extended sentence of 17 years, meaning that the 39-year-old will be monitored on licence for a further eight years after his release.

The case against Tetley began in May last year when police received a report of indecent images which had been found on a teenager’s mobile phone in a social media conversation between him and the boy.

Detectives from Bradford District’s Abusive Images Team (known as the Police Online Investigation Team) took up the investigation and Tetley was arrested the following day from an address in the Leeds area. His phone and laptop were also seized for further enquiries.

In interview Tetley claimed he could not recall the conversation or asking the boy for indecent images. He also said his social media account had been hacked when he appeared on television.

Further victims were identified as the investigation progressed and Tetley was charged in August with offences relating to sexual communication with children, as well as making and distributing indecent images of children and perverting the course of justice.

While on remand he was served with further charges of causing the sexual exploitation of a child. These charges related to five further victims who had been identified through the Police Online Investigation Team’s enquiries, where another device he had been using to communicate with children was discovered.

Speaking after Tetley was sentenced, Senior Investigating Officer Detective Inspector Ian Cottrell, said:

“I would like to thank the victims for engaging with our officers to report Tetley’s crimes and I hope this outcome will give them some comfort.

“Tetley claimed he had been set up and that people were out to get him because he was famous, but our investigation was able to prove that he was actively grooming children through social media.

“West Yorkshire Police and partner agencies are committed to tackling the sexual exploitation and abuse of children.

“We hope this result will encourage other victims to come forward and engage with our specially trained officers in the knowledge that they will be supported and their reports will be investigated to bring perpetrators to justice.”
