```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Efit Appeal: Robbery, Spen Valley Greenway, Dewsbury | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/efit-appeal-robbery-spen-valley-greenway-dewsbury
```

**Friday 2 April, 2021**

Police are issuing an E-fit of a man they are trying to identify as enquiries continue into an attempted robbery on Spen Valley Greenway.

Kirklees CID would like to speak to anyone who can identify the man pictured, in relation to an incident on Spen Valley Greenway, close to the junction of Groves Hall Road, Dewsbury.

The incident took place at around 10am on Monday March 15 after an elderly gentleman riding his push bike along the Greenway was approached by two youths.

The two youths grabbed the victim’s bike, threatened him, and pushed him from the bike.

Members of the public came to the victim’s aid and the suspects made off on foot. The victim was not injured in the incident.

The first suspect was described as white, 15 to 16 years old, 5ft 6ins tall and of medium build with dark hair and eyebrows. He was clean shaven and had dark coloured eyes, and was wearing dark coloured tracksuit bottoms and trainers.

The other suspect was 5ft 10ins tall, slim and was wearing a ¾ length white upper jacket with a black fur trimmed hood. He was also wearing dark tracksuit bottoms and dark trainers.

Officers are appealing for anyone with any information to contact Kirklees CID on 101 or via the website www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101LiveChat quoting crime reference 13210129775.

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
