```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Seize Bikes In Late Summer Blitz On Anti Social Riders | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-seize-bikes-late-summer-blitz-anti-social-riders
```

**Tuesday 6 October 2020**

Off road bike cops seized machines and spent hundreds of hours on patrol in Kirklees as part of a late summer blitz against anti-social riders.

Kirklees District Police’s off road officers spent an estimated 280 hours in the saddle through late August and into September as part of a co-ordinated push to deter nuisance quad and motorcycle riders from the District’s beauty spots.

Officers attended 32 incidents and seized six machines seen being ridden illegally. Five section 59 notices were also issued as part of the patrols which took place across the district.

The patrols were intended to complement a Safer Kirklees two day operation in August to raise awareness among residents about how they could report anti-social off road biking.

The Days of Action saw the Safer Kirklees Partnership engage with residents about how to recognise and report the use of illegal off-road bikes and visit local petrol stations to advise staff about how to spot those involved in such activity.

Inspector Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “It is a simple fact that anti-social and off road riding does cause real misery in communities, and that is why we have invested in our own off road officers and mount these operations to tackle and also deter offending.

“Those who ride these bikes illegally and often without a license or training put both themselves and others at risk of serious injury and they can be sure that we will not hesitate to take them ‘off road’ for good.

“Although spring and summer do represent the ‘peak season’ for this kind of offending we will be maintain our patrols all the way through the winter months. We also always encourage people to report any incidents, particularly if they have specific information about known individuals who are involved, so that we can take appropriate action.

Councillor Carole Pattison, Cabinet Member for Learning, Aspiration and Communities, said: “When we organised the days of action in early August we wanted to send a strong message that the anti-social use of nuisance motorbikes would not be tolerated and we have done just that. The follow up work from West Yorkshire Police has further reinforced that action will be taken against those who cause problems misusing nuisance bikes in our communities.

“I would like to thank all the residents who so positively engaged with our campaign to report nuisance motorbikes, when we work together we achieve excellent outcomes. My thanks also go to the Safer Kirklees partnership and West Yorkshire Police who have committed to continuing this vital work into the winter months to demonstrate that antisocial behaviour will not, and should not, be tolerated in Kirklees.”

If you know anyone who own an off-road bike and rides it illegally, or if you have any information about incidents of anti-social behaviour on bikes, including descriptions of bikes and their riders, please contact the police either via 101 or online https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/form/report-nuisance-bikes
