```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police and Residents Honoured At Kirklees Police Awards | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-and-residents-honoured-kirklees-police-awards
```

**Wednesday 12 February 2020**

Police officers and residents who have saved lives and gone above and beyond to protect communities have been honoured in Kirklees.

Senior officers said they had been overwhelmed by the examples of excellent performance, dedication, courage and tenacity which were recognised at the 2020 Kirklees Police Awards on February 6 at Huddersfield Town Hall.

Officers and staff commended for their investigation into a serious sexual assault on a teenager in Huddersfield with Detective Supt Jim Griffiths ( far left) and Chief Supt Julie Sykes ( far right)

Those recognised included officers whose investigation saw two men sentenced to 30 years in prison for the torture and kidknap of a man in Batley over a drugs debt in 2018.

Also praised were police who investigated the serious sexual assault of a teenage girl in an incident in Huddersfield in July 2018.

The team’s investigation resulted in three men being jailed for a combined 39 years.

Team members were also given a judge’s commendation for their work in the investigation.

Awards were also given to a number of members of the public.

Chief Superintendent Julie Sykes, District Commander of Kirklees Police, said: “These awards are an opportunity for us to celebrate some of the fantastic dedication and hard work which has taken place on Kirklees District since 2018.

“These awards contain examples of excellent detective work and a real willingness to go above and beyond by officers and support staff.

“Their investigations have taken highly dangerous people on our streets, secured justice for victims, and protected residents from other potential offending.

“It is also heartening to see the compassion and public spiritedness shown by members of the public who have assisted those in distress and on some occasions, provided literally lifesaving help.

“I want to commend everyone honoured in the ceremony and thank all the hard working staff at Kirklees Police for their efforts, day in day and day out, to make our communities safer."
