```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: '**UPDATE**Officers Appeal For Information Following Collision on Ring Road, Horsforth | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/updateofficers-appeal-information-following-collision-ring-road-horsforth
```

**Friday 2 October, 2020**

Police are continuing to appeal

for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Leeds on Tuesday.

It happened at about 8.40am the Ring Road in Horsforth, close to the McDonalds fast food outlet and involved a blue Chevrolet Spark and a blue Ford Eco Sport.

Officers also want to speak to the occupants of another vehicle which is believed to have been involved. The only information known about this car is that it contained two females.

A man who was an occupant of a Chevrolet Spark – 41 year old Alan Lockwood from Horbury (pictured) - was seriously injured in the collision and yesterday died as a result of his injuries.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or anyone with dash cam footage of the vehicles prior to it is asked to contact the Eastern Roads Policing Unit on 101 or by using the options on the West Yorkshire Police website, referencing log 309 of 29 September.

**Wednesday 30 September 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Leeds.

It happened at about 8.40am yesterday (Tuesday) on the Ring Road in Horsforth, close to the McDonalds fast food outlet and involved a blue Chevrolet Spark and a blue Ford Eco Sport.

A man who was an occupant of a Chevrolet Spark suffered serious injuries as a result of the collision and remains in hospital.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or anyone with dash cam footage of the vehicles prior to it is asked to contact PC 630 Asghar of the Eastern Roads Policing Unit on 101 or by using the options on the West Yorkshire Police website, referencing log 309 of 29 September.
