```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Update: Appeal Serious Road Traffic Collision, Junction 22, M62 | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-appeal-serious-road-traffic-collision-junction-22-m62
```

Friday, 19 March 2021

Police investigating a fatal road traffic collision on the M62 motorway have named the man who died in the incident.

Stuart Murphy, who was 39 and from the Huddersfield area, was driving an articulated lorry which was involved in the collision on the eastbound carriageway at about 2.30pm on Tuesday.

Police are continuing to appeal for dash cam footage of the collision, which appears to have occurred after a Ford Fiesta struck barriers and rebounded on to the carriageway, causing vehicles following to brake suddenly.

Anyone with information which may assist is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team on 101 or via the website www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101LiveChat quoting log 1041 of 16th March.

Wednesday 17 March 2021

Police are appealing for information following a fatal road traffic collision on the M62 motorway.

The incident

happened on the Eastbound carriageway at about 2.30pm yesterday (Tuesday), close to Junction 22, involving six vehicles.

Four people were treated for injuries.

One of those, a 39-year-old man from Huddersfield, was pronounced deceased a short time later. **

**

A 37-year old male remains in hospital with serious injuries.

Initial enquiries suggest most of the vehicles were in collision after a Ford Fiesta struck barriers and rebounded on to the carriageway, which caused following vehicles to brake suddenly.

The Major Collision Enquiry Team is investigating the collision and is appealing for anyone with dash cam footage which may assist to contact 101 or via the website www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101LiveChat quoting log 1041 of 16 March.

* * *

Tuesday 16 March 2021

Police and emergency services were called at 14.39 this afternoon to reports of a serious road traffic collision just past Junction 22 on the M62 Eastbound.

The incident was a multi vehicle collision involving four HGV Lorries and a Ford Fiesta.

Several people have been injured.

A full road closure was put in place between Junction 24 for Ainley Top and Junction 22 for Rishworth, but the Westbound carriage way has now been reopened.

Officers are working with Highways England to clear the motorway and allow traffic flow but we ask that people avoid the area.

An investigation is being carried out to determine the cause of the collision and enquiries are ongoing.

Police are appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision or has any dashcam footage that may assist in the investigation to contact 101 quoting log 1041 of 16 March.
