```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Continuing to Appeal Following An Assault, Bridge Over A650 in Bingley | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-continuing-appeal-following-assault-bridge-over-a650-bingley
```

**Tuesday 6 October, 2020**

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses after a teenager was assaulted on a bridge over the A650 in Bingley.
The incident happened at around 5pm on 14th September, when the victim was walking across the footbridge of Britannia Street / Ferncliffe Road.

He was approached by a male who began to shout at him before assaulting the victim, lifting him up and against the railings, leading the victim to fear that he would be pushed over on to the road below.

The victim managed to hold onto a railing and two passers-by helped to pull him back down and away from the male.

A 20-year-old man, from Bingley, has been arrested in connection with the incident.

Enquiries are ongoing.

>
> Detective Inspector Claire Smith said: “We are continuing to appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward and assist with our enquiries.
>
> “It is likely that vehicles travelling along the A650 may have witnessed this and I am particularly keen to track down the female who came to the assistance of the teenager.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any further information is asked to contact the police on 101 quoting crime reference 13200462171.

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

========================================================================================================

**Tuesday 15 September, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenager was assaulted on a bridge over the A650 in Bingley on Monday 14th September

The incident happened at around 5pm when the victim was walking across the footbridge of Britannia Street / Ferncliffe Road when he was approached by a male who began to shout at him before assaulting the victim, lifting him up and against the railings, leading the victim to fear that he would be pushed over on to the road below.

The victim managed to hold onto a railing and two passers-by helped to pull him back down and away from the male.

A 20-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault and remains in custody.

> Detective Inspector Claire Smith said: “Thankfully the victim in this case didn’t suffer any serious injuries but was understandably distressed by it.
>
> “I would like to appeal to anyone who saw the incident, to come forward. It is likely that vehicles travelling along the A650 may have witnessed this and I am particularly keen to track down the female who came to the assistance of the teenager.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any further information is asked to contact the police on 101 quoting crime reference 13200462171.

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
