```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Further Charge: Murder Of Bradley Stewart Gledhill, Park Croft, Batley | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-further-charge-murder-bradley-stewart-gledhill-park-croft-batley
```

**Thursday 26 November 2020**

Detectives investigating the murder of Bradley Gledhill in Batley on June 21 have further charged a 17 year old male from Batley.

He will appear before Leeds Magistrates Court later this morning (26/11) charged with Murder and two charges of Attempted Murder.

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________

**Saturday 18th July 2020,**

Detectives investigating the murder of Bradley Gledhill in Batley have now charged a 16 year old male from Dewsbury after making two more arrests yesterday.

He will appear before Leeds Magistrates Court later this morning (18/07) on suspicion of Murder, Attempted Murder and Joint Enterprise.

The 18-year-old man also arrested has been released on police bail.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the police investigation is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team on 101 referencing police crime number 1320031042.

Information can also be given in complete anonymity to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

Reports and CCTV and pictures can be uploaded online direct to investigators through the Major Incident Public Portal here

**Friday 17 July 2020**

Detectives investigating the murder of Bradley Gledhill in Batley have today made two more arrests

An 18-year-old Stancliffe man and a 16-year-old male from Dewsbury were both arrested today (July 17 ) on suspicion of murder and remain in custody for questioning.

The arrests are the latest developments in an extensive investigation by the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team into the murder of Bradley (20) in an alleged affray incident on Park Croft, Batley at about 10.28pm on the evening of Sunday June 21, in which he was stabbed.

A number of arrests have been made with four males charged with Bradley’s murder.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the police investigation is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team on 101 referencing police crime number 1320031042.

Information can also be given in complete anonymity to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

Reports and CCTV and pictures can be uploaded online direct to investigators through the Major Incident Public Portal at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/13XM020120S08-PO1

\----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Saturday 27th June 2020,**

A 17 year old man previously arrested in connection with the death of Bradley Gledhill has now been charged with murder and two counts of attempted murder.

He is due to appear before Leeds Magistrates Court later today (27/06)

As part of the ongoing enquiries, officers yesterday executed a warrant at an address on Church Road in Batley at just after 9am where a further 22 year old man was arrested on suspicion of murder.

\----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Thursday June 25, 2002**

**4.30PM**

Three men charged with the murder of Bradley Stewart Gledhill have all been detained in custody to appear before Leeds Crown Court.

Usman Karolia (19) of Lime Tree Avenue, Batley, Ahmed Karolia (23) of Lime Tree Avenue, Batley and Raja Nawaz (18) of Longfield Road, Heckmondwike all appeared at Leeds Magistrates Court today ( June 25)

They appeared charged with Bradley’s murder and the attempted murder of two other men in an alleged incident on Park Croft, Batley at about 10.28pm on the evening of Sunday June 21 in which Mr Gledhill (20) was stabbed during fighting on the street. They will now appear before Leeds Crown Court on June 26.

In other developments officers today arrested two males aged 14 and 17 on suspicion of murder and attempted murder in relation to the enquiry.

The 17 year-old is currently in police custody for questioning while the 14 year old was eliminated from the ongoing investigation.

DCI Vanessa Rolfe of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team who is leading the enquiry, said: “Our investigation in Bradley’s murder remains ongoing and I continue to urge anyone who has information who we have not spoken with to come forwards.

“There are a number of ways to contact the force and our new online Major Incident Public Portal allows those who contact us to upload CCTV clips or any images they may have which could assist enquires.”

Anyone who has any information which could assist the police investigation is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team on 101 referencing police crime number 1320031042. Information can also be given in complete anonymity to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

Reports and CCTV and pictures can be uploaded online direct to investigators through the Major Incident Public Portal here

\----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Thursday June 25, 2020**

Three men have appeared before magistrates this morning charged with the murder of Bradley Stewart Gledhill and the attempted murder of two other men in Batley.

Usman Karolia (19) of Lime Tree Avenue, Batley, Ahmed Karolia (23) of Lime Tree Avenue, Batley and Raja Nawaz (18) of Longfield Road, Heckmondwike all appeared at Leeds Magistrates Court today.

All three men were charged in relation to an alleged incident on Park Croft, Batley at about 10.28pm on the evening of Sunday June 21 in which Mr Gledhill (20) was stabbed during fighting on the street.

Two other males also suffered serious but not life threatening injuries.

An 18-year-old Batley man arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder has been released on police bail.

Enquiries remain ongoing into the incident and the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team continue to appeal for witnesses.

Anyone who has any information which could assist the police investigation is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team on 101 referencing police crime number 1320031042. Information can also be given in complete anonymity to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

Reports and CCTV and pictures can be uploaded online direct to investigators through the Major Incident Public Portal here
