```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Residents Urged To Be Vigilant Following Bogus Official Distraction Burglary, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-residents-urged-be-vigilant-following-bogus-official-distraction-burglary
```

**Monday 17 August 2020**

Householders are being warned to be wary of bogus water board workers after a vulnerable victim was the victim of a distraction burglary in her home in Huddersfield on Sunday.

Huddersfield Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident on Glenside Close, Edgerton which took place yesterday (16 August) at about 10am.

It occurred after a white man gained access to the property of a 96-year-old woman posing as a water board worker.

One inside the man asked the victim to run her water taps and searched rooms in the property. He then grabbed a bag from the victim and restrained her when she tried to resist.

The man then left the house with a quantity of cash, leaving the victim distressed and bruised.

The suspect was described as around 40 years old, 5’ 6” tall and spoke with a Yorkshire accent. He was wearing a short sleeved white shirt and a blue tie.

Inspector Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield NPT, said: “This was a frankly despicable offence in which a man has preyed on an elderly victim and then used physical force against her, despite her clear vulnerabilities.

“A full investigation is underway and the victim, who was understandably very upset by what took place, is being supported by officers.”

He added: “We would advised residents to be on their guard if approached by a man fitting the suspect’s description in similar circumstances. Genuine workmen from utilities companies will carry photo ID and will have a number you can ring to check their identities. If you are at all unsure you are under no obligation to let anyone into your home and can advise you will phone their company to arrange an appointment.”

Anyone who saw the suspect, or can assist the police investigation is asked to ring 101 and quote crime number 13200411985.

They can also e-mail DC 3578 Montgomery at [email protected]

Information can also be given in total anonymity to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
