```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: "Drugs Crackdown In East Leeds Sees \xA3150K Of Cannabis Plants Seized. | West Yorkshire Police"
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/drugs-crackdown-east-leeds-sees-ps150k-cannabis-plants-seized
```

**Friday, December 11, 2020**

Cannabis plants worth around £150,000, as well as heroin and crack cocaine, have been seized in a series of raids targeting drugs and associated criminality in east Leeds.

In a three-week operation that concluded yesterday, officers from Leeds District Neighbourhood Impact Team, supported by neighbourhood policing team colleagues, executed seven warrants at addresses in the Gipton, Osmondthorpe and Wykebeck areas.

Cannabis farms were found at six of the properties, along with quantities of crack cocaine, heroin and amphetamine.

A total of 11 people have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences, with three charged and awaiting sentences having pleaded guilty at court, and others bailed for further enquiries.

The National Police Air Service helicopter played a key role in the operation by identifying the targeted addresses.

After warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act were obtained by Leeds District Intelligence Unit, the team executed them between November 18 and December 10.

At an address in Meadowfield Gardens they arrested a man and a woman after discovering 33 cannabis plants in the loft.

A man and a woman were arrested at an address in North Farm Road where 20 plants were found in the loft and 110g of amphetamine was also recovered.

A total of 38 cannabis plants and a quantity of steroids were found at an address in Wykebeck Mount. A man and woman were arrested and charged and are due to be sentenced in January.

At an address in Nixon Avenue, officers found 142 plants being grown across two floors. A man was arrested and charged and is due to be sentenced at the end of the month.

A total of 35 cannabis plants were found at a property in South Farm Road and two men were arrested. More than £1,000 worth of Class A drugs was also recovered when officers arrested a third man who attended the address during the warrant.

A cannabis growing set-up and a large amount of dried material was found at an address in Wykebeck Valley Road and one man arrested.

Sergeant Chad Stevens, of the Leeds District Neighbourhood Impact Team, said: “This latest operation has seen a large amount of drugs stopped from reaching the streets and will have struck a significant blow to the organised supply of drugs which fuels crime and anti-social behaviour in our communities.

“We remain absolutely determined to keep doing everything we can to target those we suspect of being involved in such criminal activity, and we will continue to mount similar operations over the coming months.

“Information from communities plays a vital role in this work and we continue to encourage anyone who has suspicions about people involved in drug dealing where they live to contact us directly or pass on any information to the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously so we can take appropriate action.”
