```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Two Hundred Cannabis Plants Seized From Huddersfield Drugs Factory | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/two-hundred-cannabis-plants-seized-huddersfield-drugs-factory
```

**Thursday 21 May 2020**

Hundreds of cannabis plants been seized from a four floor drugs factory in Huddersfield.

Enquiries remain ongoing into the discovery at a house on Fenton Road on Tuesday night (19 May) by officers from the force’s Operation Jemlock team.

Police attended the property at about 8.45pm and discovered 200 plants spread across four floors of the property.

Following enquiries at the scene, a 23-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of drugs offences.

The seizure follows on from the discovery of 500 plants at an industrial premises on Bankgate Mills in Slaithwaite on Tuesday May 5.

A man was arrested in connection with that discovery which remains under investigation by the Kirklees Rural NPT.

The force’s Operation Jemlock team was launched in April 2019 to tackle serious violent crime and knife crime and continues to conduct active patrols across Kirklees.

Its officers have made over 2,500 arrests so far and seized over 150 weapons.

Jemlock itself is funded by the Home Office as part of its drive to reduce violent crime and knife crime in communities.

Superintendent Damon Solley, force lead for Operation Jemlock, said: “Officers are continuing to work with colleagues from Kirklees District to investigate the discovery of what has proved to be a substantial and sophisticated cannabis factory.

“Jemlock officers continue to be highly active in Kirklees both in targeting violent crime and in also providing an extra high visibility presence in communities through our proactive patrolling.

“It was on such a patrol that our team attended this location, entered on signs of suspicious activity, and were able to prevent what would have been a substantial amount of cannabis from reaching the streets of Huddersfield.”

Police urge anyone who has information about the supply of drugs or of any type of crime in Kirklees to make a report via 101 or online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
