```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Smart Water Scheme Flows further across Wakefield District | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/smart-water-scheme-flows-further-across-wakefield-district
```

**Thursday 24 December 2020**

After the success of utilising Smart Water within Wakefield City Centre to help tackle and reduce retail crime, PCSO’s Becki Norbury and Roxy King from Wakefield City Centre Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) have started spreading the high tech traceable liquid in the areas of Horbury, Ossett and Snow Hill retail park.

Businesses in these areas will be equipped with Smart Water packs and signage to make it clear the shops are now Smart Water protected.

Smart Water is a uniquely coded forensic solution that is registered to a business.

The Smart Water solution is naked to the human eye. If offenders are caught with stolen items that have been marked with Smart Water, officers are able to trace where the product has come from.

Likewise if officers were required to search properties for stolen items, these items would be sent off to Smart Water for forensic analysis. A report would then be generated as to where those products are from.

Smartwater

> Inspector Mick Preston of Wakefield City and North West Neighbourhood Policing Team said:
>
> ‘Smart Water has been in use in Wakefield District over the last couple of years and this new deployment will protect shops in the Ossett, Snow Hill and Horbury area.
>
> ‘Each vial of Smart Water has a unique chemical code which means that items sprayed with it can be traced directly back to the incident in which it was deployed.
>
> ‘This means that if a thief steals an item that is sprayed with the solution, the Smartwater on their clothes and or skin can be directly linked to the incident in which it was deployed, proving they were present and involved.
>
> ‘This is a great scheme which will help to fight crime in the local area.’

Smartwater

Cllr Maureen Cummings, Chair of Community Safety Partnership said:

“I am very pleased the scheme is being extended to help the fight again crime by supporting more businesses in our district. All business deserves to trade without the risk of theft, especially at this time when due to COVID-19, they already face so many additional pressures to provide goods and services that residents and communities rely on.”

Gary Higgins. Chief Operating Officer, Smart Water Technology said:

“Smart Water are delighted to be working in Partnership with West Yorkshire Police and Wakefield Council again, following the success of the City Centre scheme.

“Our uniquely coded forensic solutions will be used to enhance security and deter criminality. Anyone committing crime in the protected areas runs the risk of being forensically and categorically linked to the scene of their crime. Smart Water retain a 100% conviction rate in contested Court Cases”.

Should you run a business either in Wakefield city centre, Horbury, Ossett and Snowhill and would like to know more about SmartWater or are interested in having a kit for your business our SmartWater SPOCS will be more than happy to assist, they can be contacted on:

[email protected]

[email protected]
