```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Week of Action Launched in Keighley to Tackle Organised Crime, Anti-Social Behaviour and Dangerous Driving | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/week-action-launched-keighley-tackle-organised-crime-anti-social-behaviour-and
```

**Monday 14 December, 2020**

A week of action has been launched in Keighley to tackle organised crime, anti-social behaviour and dangerous driving.

Over the past couple of months, there has been a spate of incidents in the Knowle park area of Keighley which have sparked concern with the local residents.

Keighley NPT officers have been working with the community and listening to their concerns and have launched a new multi-agency operation to tackle criminality in the area and make it feel safer for local residents.

Today (10 December) a number of agencies including police, Bradford Council Street Cleansing Teams, wardens, Community Safety Officers, Ward Councillors and members of the community have gathered in Lund Park to officially launch the operation.

A number of activities will be taking place throughout the week including officers and councillors visiting the community so they can voice their concerns, high visibility police patrols across the area, street cleansing in various areas.

> Inspector Khalid Khan, for Keighley NPT, said: “We made the decision, together with our partner agencies, to launch this operation following a number of incidents of anti-social behaviour, drug dealing and dangerous driving which have been reported to us.
>
> “We have listened to our residents and we are committed to ensuring that they are able to take back control of their community and to make it feel safe for all. This is just the beginning of the multi-agency operation and we are determined to make a positive impact in the Keighley ward area.
>
> “Working with the local community is vital for us to make this project successful and I would urge anyone to come forward to speak to us with any concerns about issues in the area or to report any crimes or incidents of anti-social behaviour.”

Detective Chief Inspector Andy Farrell of Bradford District Police, said: “We are working very closely with partners and local residents to listen to problems, we want to give the community a voice, improve community cohesion and seek opportunities to improve intelligence along with making the area safer for residents to tackle issues.”

Information can be given to our local NPT teams via 101 or online via the West Yorkshire Police website. If preferred, information can also be given to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
