```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Woman Named after Fatal Road Traffic Collision in Halifax | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/woman-named-after-fatal-road-traffic-collision-halifax
```

**Wednesday 25 November 2020**

Police are appealing for a witness to come forwards who may have seen a fatal collision in Halifax.

The Major Collision and Enquiry Team (MCET ) are continuing to investigate an incident on November 4 on Burlington Street which resulted in the death of an 86 –year-old female. Police can now name her as Fatima Begum from Halifax.

The 86-year-old died after being struck by a Volvo XC90 which was reversing on the road when the collision occurred.

CCTV shows a woman nearby at the time of the incident at 14.54, and officers believe she may have witnessed what occurred.

She is described as an Asian female, of slim build, dressed in a beige coloured dress wearing a matching beige head dress

Sergeant Paul Lightowler of MCET, said: “We are continuing to investigate this collision which has tragically resulted in Fatima’s death and are appealing for witnesses.

“I am particularly keen to speak with an Asian woman captured on CCTV from nearby who we think may have seen the collision.

“I would ask this lady or anyone who has information or dasham footage to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 quoting log number 972 of 4 November.’

Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus

**Thursday 5 November 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision in Halifax.

Emergency services were called at 14:54 yesterday (4 November) to reports of a collision between a car and a pedestrian on Burlington Street.

The car involved a Volvo XC90 was reversing on the road when the collision occurred.

A female pedestrian aged 86, collided with the car and became trapped underneath the vehicle.

She suffered serious injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene.

Enquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances.

Police are appealing for any witnesses to the collision or saw the vehicle and driver prior to the collision.

Anyone with any information is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 or use the live chat facility at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log number 972 of 4 November.
