```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Three people sentenced for more than 80 years for Wakefield Murder | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/three-people-sentenced-more-80-years-wakefield-murder
```

**Monday 21 December 2020**

Three people have today been sentenced for the murder of a Wakefield Man.

Aleksander Pawlak, 30 was killed shortly before midnight on September 8, 2019 at a flat on Pinderfields Road.

Officers were called to reports of a disturbance and shouting at the location. When they arrived they found Mr Pawlak lying outside the door of his flat.

A number of items had been stolen from Mr Pawlak.

A post mortem examination concluded that Mr Pawlak died from multiple injuries including blunt force trauma to the head.

Today at Leeds Crown Court they were all sentenced:

 * Adam LITWINOWICZ, 24, was jailed for life with a minimum 30 years for murder plus 16 years concurrently for conspiracy to rob.
 * Michal SZYMANSKI, 24 was jailed for life with a minimum 27 years for murder plus 16 years concurrently for conspiracy to rob.
 * Maciaj SOLARZ, 29 was jailed for life with a minimum 27 years for murder plus 16 years concurrently for conspiracy to rob.

Adam LITWINOWICZ

Michal SZYMANSKI

Maciaj SOLARZ

> Detective Chief Inspector Emma Winfield of West Yorkshire Police said:
>
> ‘Aleksander was murdered in the most horrific and brutal circumstances by people he thought were his friends.
>
> ‘This was a pre-meditated attack in which the five suspects drove up from Southampton on the day of the murder.
>
> ‘After the murder they ransacked the flat and stole two TVs, a Playstation and a Hugoboss watch amongst other items.
>
> ‘They left Aleksander outside his flat before fleeing back down to Southampton. They were swiftly arrested before trying to flee the country.
>
> ‘Aleksander’s family have been left devastated by his death and I hope this sentence gives them some comfort and closure.
>
> ‘I hope today’s sentence gives Aleksander’s family some justice.’
