```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Family Tribute To Man Who Died In Road Traffic Collision, Huddersfield Road, Kirkburton. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/family-tribute-man-who-died-road-traffic-collision-huddersfield-road-kirkburton
```

**Monday, October 12, 2020**

The family of a man who died in a road traffic collision in Huddersfield have paid tribute to him.

Simon Hinchliffe, aged 53, from Kirkburton, was pronounced dead at the scene of the collision which happened on the B6116 Huddersfield Road at the junction with Queens Way South, Kirkburton, shortly after 4pm on Friday.

Simon Hinchliffe

The white Citroen Berlingo he was driving was involved in a collision with a red Seat Ibiza as both vehicles were travelling on Huddersfield Road towards Kirkburton from Shelley.

In a statement on behalf of the family, his stepdaughter Melissa Kilner said: “We are devastated to announce the death of our caring and beloved Simon. He was a doting husband, son, father, stepdad, brother and friend to many.

“Everyone will miss his kind and loving nature and his unique sense of humour. At this time we ask that you respect our family’s privacy and allow us to grieve in such a difficult and heart-breaking time. Thank you.”

A 34-year-old man from Huddersfield, who was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, has been released under investigation.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or saw either vehicle travelling along Huddersfield Road in the time leading up to it, particularly anyone with relevant dashcam footage, is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 quoting reference 13200506869 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

* * *

**Saturday, October 10, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision in Huddersfield.

At 4.09pm yesterday (9/10) police were called to the incident on the B6116 Huddersfield Road at the junction with Queens Way South, Kirkburton.

The collision involved a white Citroen Berlingo and a red Seat Ibiza. Both vehicles were travelling on Huddersfield Road towards Kirkburton from Shelley at the time.

The driver of the Citroen, a 53-year-old local man, was pronounced dead at the scene.

A 34-year-old man from Huddersfield was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He remains in custody.

Anyone who witnessed the collision or saw either vehicle travelling along Huddersfield Road in the time leading up to it, particularly anyone with relevant dashcam footage, is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 quoting reference 13200506869 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat
