```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Jailed After Cannabis Farm was Found in Greetland | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-jailed-after-cannabis-farm-was-found-greetland
```

**Wednesday 17 February 2021**

A man has been jailed after information from the community led police to a cannabis farm in Greetland.

Artan Rama, aged 50, was given a two-year sentence when he appeared before Bradford Crown Court today (Tuesday).

Rama, of no fixed abode, was arrested on 18 January this year after the Lower Valley Neighbourhood Policing Team followed up reports of suspicious activity in the area.

A total of 865 cannabis plants were found in a warehouse on Clay House Lane, along with a mattress and duvet, suggesting someone was living on the premises.

A police dog was deployed in the search of the building and Rama was found hiding.

He was charged with producing a controlled drug and remanded to appear in custody.

> Inspector Ben Doughty, who leads the Neighbourhood Policing Team, said:
>
> “We would once again like to thank the public for the information which led to our officers taking a significant amount of cannabis off the streets of Greetland.
>
> “Effective local policing is done with the consent and support of our communities, and I hope that this outcome will encourage members of the public in the Lower Valley area to report any concerns or suspicions, so our officers can make further enquiries and take action where appropriate.”
>
> Information can be reported on 101, by using the contact options on the West Yorkshire Police website, or anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers.
