```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Bradford Man Jailed for Seven Years for Possession of a Firearm | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/bradford-man-jailed-seven-years-possession-firearm
```

**Thursday 4 February, 2021**

A man from Bradford has been jailed for seven years for possession of a firearm.

On 31 December 2019, police received a report of a man in possession of a firearm and ammunition.

As a result of police enquiries, officers arrested a man in connection with the investigation.

Following the arrest, officers searched an address and found a sawn-off shotgun in a bin liner, hidden in some bushes at the rear of the property.

Mohammed Subhan Ali, 22, of Duckworth Terrace, was charged by police for possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear of violence and possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Today (4 February) Ali appeared at Bradford Crown Court and was sentenced to a total of seven years in prison for both offences.

> Detective Constable Katie Briggs, from Bradford CID, said: “Offences involving firearms are something taken very seriously by West Yorkshire Police and I am very glad that this investigation has led to a lethal weapon being removed from our streets.
>
> “This conviction is a result of extremely hard work to secure evidence against Ali. In the end, the evidence was so strong against him that he had no choice but to plead guilty.
>
> “Firearms have absolutely no place on our streets and every time one is removed by us, it makes Bradford a safer place for all.”
