```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'E-fit Appeal: Sexual Assault, Pontefract | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/e-fit-appeal-sexual-assault-pontefract
```

**Thursday 4 March, 2021**

Police are issuing an Efit of a man they are trying to identify as enquiries continue into a sexual assault in Pontefract.

Wakefield District CID would like to speak to anyone who can identify the man pictured as they continue to investigate a sexual assault on a woman in the Black Walk area of Pontefract on Thursday January 7.

The incident took place between 9am and 12 noon after the female victim was approached from behind and then grabbed by a male.

She resisted and was able to break free from the man who then ran towards either Monkhill Railway Station or the Railway Inn.

The suspect was described as white, in his late 30s, stocky, 5ft 8 to 5ft 9 ins tall, completely bald and as wearing dark jeans with a hole in one of the knee areas.

He was also wearing dark trainers, a white t-shirt or white jumper under a black winter waist length jacket which was of a fleecy fabric and had a zip on the left breast.

DC Mark Ackroyd of Wakefield District CID, said: “A number of enquiries have been ongoing into this incident and we are now issuing an Efit of a man we want to identify and speak with in connection with what took place.

“I would ask anyone who recognises this man or the description, or who has any information which could assist our enquiry to get in touch.

“Anyone who has information should call 101 or Wakefield CID on 01924 878242 quoting crime reference number 13210010462.

“Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat or anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
