```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Kirklees Shop Thieves Warned: &#039;We&#039;re Watching And We&#039;re Protecting Traders&#039; | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/kirklees-shop-thieves-warned-were-watching-and-were-protecting-traders
```

**Thursday June 4, 2020**

Police have warned shop thieves they are continuing to keep a close eye on closed Huddersfield businesses, after making an arrest for a retail burglary.

The Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team have said they and partners at the town centre CCTV network are continuing to do all they can to protect closed retailers during the current situation.

Officers attended on King Street in the early hours of Wednesday June 3 following a report of suspicious behaviour in the King Street area flagged by council CCTV operators.

On attending officers located and arrested a 26-year-old man on suspicion of breaking into a clothes retailer.

He was held in police custody for questioning on Wednesday.

Inspector Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield NPT, said: “We have a fantastic and close working relationship with the staff from Kirklees CCTV. This enables officers to be deployed to areas quickly to both stop ongoing incidents, such as disorder, escalating, and also quickly intervene and prevent offences which may only just be getting started.

“Over the years our work alongside the CCTV team has produced some fantastic results with offenders being traced, arrested and convicted.

“This regularly starts with a call from a member of the public reporting suspicious activity, but with the use of CCTV results in crime being discovered and suspects being brought to justice.

“Although a number of businesses are still closed we will continue to support them by patrolling areas along with Safer Kirklees officers to prevent crime and ASB, and utilise the extensive CCTV coverage to make our patrols as effective as possible."

West Yorkshire Police can be contacted via 999 for a crime in progress or 101 or 101livechat for other incidents or information about offending.

Members of the public can pass information anonymously via the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

The online reporting service can be found at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat
