```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: "Making the Roads of Calderdale Safer \u2013 Op Hawmill | West Yorkshire Police"
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/making-roads-calderdale-safer-op-hawmill
```

**Friday 19 March 2021**

Police bikes are being deployed on the roads of Calderdale to help keep to roads safer.

The deployment is part of Operation Hawmill the partnership road safety operation which is funded by the Calderdale community safety partnership.

Roads Policing Officers have been deployed into areas that are of a concern to the community and Police bikes will be used to allow them to more easily get to rural areas and respond to any issues accordingly.

The Operation focuses on the ‘fatal four’ offences which include speeding, drink/drug driving, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.

In the first three deployments we have caught 16 drivers not wearing a seatbelt, one vehicle has been seized, three insecure loads were identified, one vehicle did not have a valid MOT and seven others were stopped for other road safety issues.

> Co-chair of the Road Safety Delivery Group, Inspector Ben Doughty, said:
>
> “Road safety is vitally important to the residents of Calderdale and we hear regularly that they are concerned about road safety.
>
> "From using the Police Bikes, officers can now get into more rural areas where the community needs them.
>
> “We see daily the consequences of the fatal four and the added risks associated with bad driving. Motorists not only put themselves at risk but other road users and pedestrians.
>
> “Officers will be targeting the fatal four offences, alongside colleagues from the Fire Service, Calderdale Council and Yorkshire Ambulance Service.
>
> “Over the years we have seen an increase in awareness of Operation Hawmill and an increased awareness of the risks associated with bad driving, however motorists still put themselves, other road users and pedestrians at risk through dangerous driving.
>
> “We will prosecute anyone who continues to put themselves and others at risk, and you will face points on your licence, a fine, having your vehicle seized or ending up in court if you flout the basic laws of driving.”
>

Calderdale Council’s Cabinet Member for Public Services and Communities, Cllr Jenny Lynn, said:

“Operational Hawmilll successfully demonstrates the importance of partnership work in supporting road safety. We take the issue of dangerous driving very seriously and by working together with our public sector colleagues as part of the Community Safety Partnership, we’re able to better respond to residents’ concerns.

“In addition to monitoring our towns and busy areas, it’s also important that the partnership is able to easily respond to any issues in Calderdale’s many rural areas. The use of police bikes will make it much easier for targeted enforcement to take place all over the borough, supporting the needs of our local communities.”
