```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Jailed for 20 Years for Multiple Sexual Offences Against Children | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-jailed-20-years-multiple-sexual-offences-against-children
```

**Friday 19 February, 2021**

A man has been jailed for 20 years for multiple sexual offences against two children.

Ian Mitchell, 58, of Bradford was charged by police with 22 counts of sexual offences against two children including rape, indecent assaults and indecency with a child.

The offences dated back to the 1990s, but one offence took place last year against one of his victims.

Both victims came forward and reported Mitchell’s offending May 2020. An investigation was launched by the Bradford Safeguarding Unit and he was arrested and questioned.

He was later charged with multiple offences and Mitchell stood trial at Bradford Crown Court and was found guilty of all 22 offences by a jury.

Today (19 February) Mitchell appeared at Bradford Crown Court today and was sentenced to 20 years in prison, plus one-year extended licence.

He was also handed a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and will be added to the sex offenders register for life.

> Detective Constable Nicola Brook, of the Bradford Safeguarding Unit, said: “Mitchell has today been handed a very lengthy sentence for his abhorrent crimes against two children. We welcome the sentence which reflects the seriousness of his actions.
>
> “I would like to praise the bravery of his victims who wanted to see justice done and who have supported our prosecution throughout.
>
> “We would encourage any victims of unreported sexual offences whether recent or non-recent to come forward and contact the police. We handle all reports with the utmost sensitivity, and we will thoroughly investigate and bring those responsible to justice.”
