```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Update: Fatal Road Traffic Collision, Manchester Road, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-fatal-road-traffic-collision-manchester-road-bradford
```

**Thursday 20 August, 2020**

Police investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Bradford have confirmed the identity of the victim.

Malakye Hall, aged 7, died following a collision on Manchester Road at the junction with St Stephens Road last week (11 August).

The collision involved a Black Toyota Auris Estate. The Toyota was travelling along Manchester round, outbound away from Bradford at the time when it has collided with a child.

Malakye was taken to Bradford Royal Infirmary where sadly he later died as a result of his injuries.

A 29-year-old man was arrested at the scene and has since been released under investigation.

Enquiries remain ongoing by the Major Collision Enquiry Team and they are also continuing to support the families of those involved.

===================================================================================================

**Wednesday 12 August, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Bradford that resulted in the death of a child.

At approximately 22:00 last night (11/8), emergency services were called to reports of a collision involving a car and a pedestrian on Manchester Road, junction with St Stephens Road, Bradford.

The collision involved a Black Toyota Auris Estate. The Toyota was travelling along Manchester round, outbound away from Bradford at the time when it has collided with a child.

A seven-year-old boy was taken to Bradford Royal Infirmary where sadly he later died as a result of his injuries.

The driver of the Toyota, a 29-year-old man, from Bradford, remained at the scene and was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.

Officers from West Yorkshire Police Major Collision Enquiry Team are carrying out an investigation to establish the full circumstances of the collision and are also working to support the families of those involved.

Anyone who witnessed either the collision itself or the movements of the vehicle in the time leading up to it, particularly those with relevant dashcam footage, is asked to contact MCET via 101 quoting reference 13200404278.
