```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Enquiries Continue After Man&#039;s Body Found In Pontefract Flat | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-enquiries-continue-after-mans-body-found-pontefract-flat
```

**Thursday January 14, 2021**

Enquiries remain ongoing this evening following the discovery of a man’s body at a Pontefract flat yesterday.

The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team are continuing to investigate the incident at a flat on Francis Lane House in Horsefair, and appeal for witnesses.

Police were called by the ambulance service to flats at Francis Lane House in Horsefair, Pontefract at about 16.17 yesterday after paramedics attended and found the body of a 27-year-old man inside.

A 26-year-old woman who was arrested in connection with the incident remains under arrest in police custody.

Anyone who has information which could assist the enquiry or who saw suspicious activity at the address is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team on 101 referencing police log 1114 of January 13.

Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/livechat or anonymously to the independent CrimeStoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

**Wednesday January 13, 2021**

Detectives are appealing for information following a suspicious death in Pontefract.

The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team (HMET) has this evening launched a murder investigation following the discovery of a body in a flat in the Horsefair area.

Police were called by the ambulance service to flats at Francis Lane House in Horsefair, Pontefract at about 16.17 today ( 13/1/2021) after paramedics attended and found an adult’s body there.

Initial investigations are ongoing into what took place and a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the incident.

She remains in police custody this evening.

Anyone who has information which could assist the enquiry or who saw suspicious activity at the address is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team on 101 referencing police log 1114 of January 13.

Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/livechat or anonymously to the independent CrimeStoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
