```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Two Youths Arrested Over Woodhouse Moor Violence. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/two-youths-arrested-over-woodhouse-moor-violence
```

**Wednesday, March 31, 2021**

Two youths have been arrested in connection with a fight involving weapons on Woodhouse Moor in Leeds last night.

At 8:16pm on Tuesday (30/3) police received a number of calls of males seen with machetes in the park and reports of males being injured.

Firearms officers were deployed to the park and searched the area, with support from a National Police Air Service helicopter, but no injured parties were found and no suspects identified.

Around 200 people who had gathered in the park were dispersed by local officers who remained in the area.

Two males, both aged 17, subsequently attended at hospital with serious injuries that appeared consistent with having been assaulted with weapons.

Both have been arrested on suspicion of affray and are continuing to receive treatment in hospital for injuries that are not considered life threatening.

Detectives from Leeds District CID are continuing to carry out enquiries into the incident.

Detective Inspector Michael Herbert, of Leeds District CID, said: “We are currently working to establish the full circumstances of this incident and to identify those involved.

“While our enquiries are at an early stage, we believe this violence to have been targeted and involving individuals who are known to each other.

“We are already speaking to a number of witnesses but would still like to hear from anyone who witnessed any part of what occurred or who has any information that could assist the investigation.

“We will always treat violent incidents such as this very seriously and do everything we can to bring those responsible to justice.

“We recognise that incidents of this nature will cause understandable concern in the community and we are liaising with our colleagues on the local neighbourhood policing team who are increasing their presence in the area to reassure people.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101 quoting crime reference 13210158398 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
