```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Serious Assault, Greenwood Road, Wakefield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-serious-assault-greenwood-road-wakefield
```

**Tuesday 30 March, 2021**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously assaulted in Wakefield on Monday afternoon.

Wakefield District CID would like to speak to anyone who has seen or has information about a serious assault on Greenwood Road on Monday March 29 which left a man with head injuries.

Officers were called to Greenwood Road at about 2.27pm to a report a man had been attacked with a knife by a group of males.

Emergency services attended and located a 28-year-old man with serious head injuries.

He continues to be treated in hospital for the injuries which are not described as life threatening.

Three men aged 18, 20 and 21 have been arrested on suspicion of section 18 wounding in connection with the assault and remain in police custody.

Acting Detective Inspector Michelle Schofield of Wakefield CID, said: “We are continuing to conduct a number of active enquiries regarding this incident which has left the victim with some very serious injuries and are appealing for information.

“Anyone who witnessed or has any information about what took place should contact us at Wakefield CID on 101 referencing crime number 13210155968. They can also pass on information online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

“Information can also be given in confidence to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111. “
