```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Police Name Man Who Died in Fatal Road Traffic Collision, A650 Drighlington By Pass, Leeds | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-police-name-man-who-died-fatal-road-traffic-collision-a650-drighlington-pass
```

**Monday 28 December, 2020**

Police have issued a picture of the passenger killed in a road traffic collision on A650, Drighlington Bypass as officers continue to appeal for witnesses.

The Major Collision Enquiry Team are continuing to appeal for information as enquiries remain ongoing into a collision on A650, at the roundabout junction with A58, Whitehall Road on Tuesday, 22nd December which resulted in the death of 26-year-old James Patrick Nicholson.

James Patrick Nicholson

The incident happened at around 9.05 pm on Tuesday 22nd December on A650, at the roundabout with A58 between Leeds and Bradford, and involved a silver Nissan Navara pick up.

It occurred after the Navara approached the junction from the direction of Bradford and collided with the roundabout.

Emergency services including the ambulance service attended.

Sergeant Mick Kilburn of West Yorkshire Police Major Collision Enquiry Team, said: “Enquiries into this fatal collision are continuing and I am appealing for witnesses and for anyone who may have dashcam, CCTV or phone footage of what took place to come forwards. Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 quoting log number 1588 of 22nd December.”

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

**Wednesday 23 December 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a fatal road traffic collision on the A650 Drighlington by pass, Leeds.

Officers were called at 9pm yesterday evening to the A650 Drighlington by pass towards Leeds to reports of a one vehicle collision.

A silver Nissan Navara collided with a tree.

A passenger a 26 year old man sadly died at the scene. The driver has suffered serious injuries and is being treated in hospital. Two other passengers were taken to hospital with injuries which are non life threatening

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or who saw the silver Nissan Nivara before the collision to come forward.

We understand there were vehicles travelling in the opposite direction on the A650 just before the collision (heading towards Bradford,) we are keen to speak to those drivers also.

Officers are also keen to speak to anyone who has any dashcam footage of the incident itself.

Any information can be given to Police on 101 or use the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log 1588 of 22 December.
