```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: ANPR - Have your say | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/anpr-have-your-say
```

**Tuesday 16 February 2021**

We are looking to get your thoughts around the use of automatic number plate recognition (ANPR) in West Yorkshire.

ANPR technology is used by police forces across the UK – including West Yorkshire Police help detect, deter and disrupt criminality, including organised crime groups and terrorists. The registration plate cameras are governed by

strict codes of practice. They are most commonly used to alert officers to stolen vehicles, vehicles that have been involved in crime or to help locate missing people. The data they collect can also be used in investigations.

You’ve probably seen how ANPR works from TV programmes like Police Interceptors which West Yorkshire Police featured in or you may even use a petrol station or car park which uses the system to keep you safe. Just in case you haven’t, we’ve made a short film to show how ANPR is used.

The video shows the use of ANPR in West Midlands Police in locating a missing person.

Over the last 5 years ANPR has helped arrest on average more than 1000 people a year in West Yorkshire.

ANPR is a vital tool to help policing stay one step ahead of criminals and better protect people. Your views play an important part in how we do this. The anonymous survey will only take a few minutes of your time to complete.

Click here to complete the survey ANPR Survey Live Link.
