```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Multi-Agency Approach to Tackling Serious and Organised Crime Launched in Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/multi-agency-approach-tackling-serious-and-organised-crime-launched-bradford
```

**Tuesday 10 November, 2020**

A multi-agency approach to tackling serious and organised crime in Bradford East has been launched this week.

Over the past few months, police have been working closely with the community in Bradford Moor and with partner agencies including Bradford Council, local schools and community groups.

During this time, through the collective work by police and partners, a number of arrests have been made for offences including possession of Class A and B drugs, assault, possession of weapons, as well as dismantling a large-scale cannabis farm in the area.

A survey was also undertaken by residents to find out their views and concerns about issues in the area so we can take positive action to address them.

Yesterday (9 November), police and partners officially launched the operation with a week of action aimed to tackle anti-social behaviour, dangerous driving and drugs offences in Bradford Moor area.

There will be ongoing police and partnership activity focusing on the issued raised by the local community and so far this week a cannabis farm was located and dismantled. Officers with the help from pupils at Feversham Primary Academy conducted a speedwatch scheme in the area and a number of tickets were issued for motoring offences in the area..

> Detective Chief Inspector Andy Farrell, of Bradford District Police, said: “This is a very important example of partnership working in Bradford – not just between the police and organisations, but working with the local community.
>
> “We have listened to all concerns and issues raised to use by residents and this operation is a collective response from police and partners to tackle serious and organised criminality in the Bradford Moor area. It is our commitment to the local community that we are determined to tackle these issues and make the area feel safer and all who live here feel safe.
>
> “The results we have achieved in such a short space of time have been fantastic, but there is much more we want to do and achieve. This is the starting point of a long-term project to disrupt and tackle serious criminality in Bradford Moor.
>
> “Information from the community continues to play a vital role in the success of this work and we would urge anyone who knows anything that could assist us to get in touch, anonymously if needed via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”

Mark Burns-Williamson, West Yorkshire’s Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC), said: “This is an excellent initiative and demonstrates the real value of our Neighbourhood Policing model, something I have always championed as PCC which lends itself to truly joined up local partnership working like this.”

“The results so far are even more impressive given the current strain on resources due to the Covid-19 pandemic. I hope local residents and the wider community feel more reassured by this joint action and that criminality is being targeted to make them and the area safer.”

“My thanks and appreciation go to all of those involved in this operation, particularly the local community, and something which I am sure we will be looking at for other areas in the coming weeks and months.”

Cllr Abdul Jabar, Bradford Council’s Executive Member for Neighbourhoods and Community Safety, said: “The Council is always keen to work with the police in addressing issues raised by residents in all our communities and we hope that our contribution can help the police to make a big difference during this operation.

“We will always stand fully behind the police and our residents in standing up to criminals.”

Pam Kershaw, Urban Saints Regional Leader, said: “As a faith community, we have wanted to help strengthen the work happening in Bradford Moor. We created a spoken word that is a plea from the community for the young people to lay down theirs rockets. We also wanted to step up with praying for protection as so many amazing young people led by Iby Ali take to the streets as a first response to reducing the reductions and anti-social behaviour. A little divine intervention is always a help.”

Anyone with any information about anti-social behaviour or any criminality in the area is urged to contact the police via 101 or online via the West Yorkshire Police website.
