```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Two Road Traffic Collisions, Northumberland Street and Leeds Road, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-two-road-traffic-collisions-northumberland-street-and-leeds-road-huddersfield
```

**Friday July 24, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following collisions between a Fiat car and several other vehicles in two incidents in Huddersfield today.

Officers attended at the junction of Leeds Road and Northumberland Street at around 16.54 today (July 24) following a collision between a Fiat Punto, a Fiat 500 and a Fiat van.

A female in her 20s in the Fiat 500 received minor injuries and was taken to hospital to be checked. A man in the Fiat van also suffered minor injuries but did not need hospital treatment.

A 25-year-old man in the Fiat Punto was arrested in connection with the incident.

The Punto had failed to stop for police a few minutes earlier in Huddersfield and was being pursued when the collision took place.

It is known to have clipped the nearside of a white van at the corner of Somerset Road and Wakefield Road and officers would like to speak to the driver of the van who may not initially been aware of the collision.

The driver, or anyone else who witnessed the collisions or the manner in which the Punto was being driven in the moments leading to the collision on Northumberland Street is asked to contact the Western Area Roads Policing Unit on 101 referencing police log 1284 for July 24, 2020.

Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

** **
