```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Find Body in Search for Polish Man Dariusz Michalowski Who Went Missing in Birkby, Huddersfield in 2011 | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-find-body-search-polish-man-dariusz-michalowski-who-went-missing-birkby
```

**Thursday 17 December 2020**

Nine years on since the disappearance of Dariusz Michalowski in Birkby in 2011, Police have found body.

Following extensive enquiries officers located remains in land in Mixenden, Calderdale that is believed to be that of Dariusz.

Dariusz’s family have been informed and specially trained officers are supporting them at this very difficult time.

The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team are treating the death of Dariusz as murder.

Over the last nine years 5 men have been arrested in connection with the investigation and have been released under investigation.

As time passes, officers believe someone may now be willing to come forward to help solve the murder of Dariusz Michalowski

Dariusz, who had come across to the UK to work, was last seen at his home address of Macauly Road in Birkby, Huddersfield on Sunday the 13 March at around 2:30pm (2011).

The 44-year-old had come across to the UK to work and was in regular contact with his wife and daughter in Poland. ** _ _**

> **Detective Chief Inspector Tony Nicholson of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team said:**
>
> ‘This is a key breakthrough in the disappearance of Dariusz and I’m glad that after nine long years, we have found his body and can bring him back to his family to be laid to rest.
>
> "Dariusz was a husband and father who was working to provide for a young family who deserve to know what happened to him.
>
> ‘His family are now keen to see justice for Dariusz’s Murder and urge anyone with information to come forward.
>
> ‘We know that there are people out there who know how Dariusz died, who killed him and who dumped his body in a field.
>
> ‘We have been following positive lines of enquiry for some time now and we have information which I am sure will bring us the answers we need to get justice and closure for Dariusz family.
>
> ‘We have never given up on finding what happened to Dariusz and I have a dedicated team putting the final pieces of the puzzle together.
>
> ‘I want to directly appeal to the people who know what happened to Dariusz.
>
> ‘You should know that we have never given up on finding out what happened to him, and that the net is drawing tighter.
>
> ‘You should contact myself now if you have any information that will assist this investigation and Dariusz’s family. If you choose not to do so, please don't be surprised when my team come to you. ‘

Anyone who has any information about Dariusz’s disappearance or murder is asked to come forward to **HMET via 101** or us the contact us options on www.westyorkshire.police.uk.contactus quoting **Op Pavecrest **

Information can be given to the independent charity **Crimestoppers** anonymously on **0800 555 111.**
