```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Disorder, Westburn Avenue, Keighley | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-disorder-westburn-avenue-keighley
```

**Tuesday 2 March, 2021**

Police are investigating following disorder in Keighley overnight.

Officers were called at 22:52 last night (1 March) to reports of an ongoing fight on Westburn Avenue.

A group of males were present, some carrying weapons and a number of cars had been rammed at the scene.

Damage was caused to a Mitsubishi Shogun and a Honda and both vehicles have been recovered.

There were no reported injuries.

A 38-year-old man, from Keighley has been arrested in connection with the incident and remains in police custody at this time.

Enquiries are ongoing.

> Detective Chief Inspector Andy Farrell, of Bradford District Police, said: “We believe this was a targeted incident and we have arrested a man overnight in connection.
>
> “The use of weapons and violence will not be tolerated in Bradford, we take all incidents of disorder and violence very seriously and it’s our priority to disrupt violence and criminality and protect the public.
>
> “Our enquiries remain ongoing today to establish the circumstances. I would like to reassure the local community that there is no risk to the wider public and we will be deployed high visibility patrols in the area over the next few days.
>
> “We would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident last night or has any further information which could assist with our enquiries.”

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Bradford CID via 101 quoting crime reference number 13210105005 or online via https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contact-us

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
