```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Drugs Seizures Up By Almost a Fifth in West Yorkshire | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/drugs-seizures-almost-fifth-west-yorkshire
```

Thursday, 10 December 2020

West Yorkshire Police has increased its seizures of illegal substances by almost a firth in the last year.

In new figures issued by the Home Office yesterday (Wednesday), the force was shown to have made 17 per cent more seizures between March 2019 and March 2020 than it had in the same period for the previous year.

Between March 2019 and March 2020, the force was shown to have made a total of 7,097 seizures of all illegal substances, compared to 6,046 the year before.

Cannabis seizures accounted for the most with 5,370 confiscations recorded. 1,263 of the seizures were of Class A drugs, such as heroin and cocaine.

Detective Superintendent Carl Galvin, West Yorkshire’s Police’s head of Serious and Organised crime, said the figures highlighted the great work that the force is doing in tackling this issue.

He said:

“Through the collaborative strategy of Programme Precision our officers work with partners across the force area and beyond to tackle the issue of drugs supply and production in West Yorkshire.

“Our approach, proactivity and engagement in all areas of drug crime has increased through the work of Programme Precision, and it is not just about catching and convicting those involved in this illegal trade.

“We are also engaged in partnership work to deter and prevent people from becoming involved in drug crime and have rehabilitation initiatives in place for those caught up in the cycle of drugs and addiction who want a way out.

“I believe these figures also show our commitment to the people of West Yorkshire – to make our communities a safer place by using a collaborative approach comprising neighbourhood policing, specialist investigations, partnership joint working and other resources to identify, target and disrupt those involved in the supply and production of illegal substances.”

Anyone with concerns or suspicions about the supply or the production of illegal substances in their area can contact West Yorkshire Police at any time on 101, or by using the options on our website.

Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers.
