```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Shop Theft And Assault Offences Plummet In Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/shop-theft-and-assault-offences-plummet-huddersfield
```

**Thursday 9 January 2020**

Police have put the squeeze on thieves and other offenders in Huddersfield over Christmas following a 50 per cent plus reduction in retail theft and falls in assault offences.

The Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team has welcomed new crime figures for December 2019 which follow several months’ worth of proactive police operations to increase patrols in the town centre at key times, and to target those known to be involved in retail crime.

Officers recorded a 58 cent drop in theft, with just 27 shop thefts recorded in the town centre in December 2019 compared to the December before.

Injury assault and robbery offences also reduced by 36 per cent.

NPT operations over the last few months have included specialist work to protect retailers by targeting known shop lifters and using direction to leave powers to order them out of the town centre.

Safer Kirklees and PCSO’s also attended at shops and retail parks outside the town to offer crime prevention advice and prevent offenders from targeting out of town areas.

Sustained operations have also been held on a weekly basis in the town centre on Friday and Saturday nights to reduce offending in the night time economy.

Tactics have include the deployment of knife arches and drugs dogs in certain locations at key times to reassure revellers and deter both drug supply and the potential for violent incidents taking place.

Deployments were also made by mounted officers with support from the force’s operations Support Unit who extra staff for high visibility patrolling.

Police also deployed knife arches and drugs dogs in certain locations at key times to reassure revellers and deter both drug supply and the potential for violent incidents taking place.

Insp Graham Dyson (Huddersfield NPT) said: “We have yet again built on some fantastic partnership work over the summer and autumn working with staff from Safer Kirklees to reduce crime and anti-social behaviour (ASB).

“This work formed the initial building blocks of our push to reduce crime and anti-social behaviour, and we have now seen some excellent reductions on crime around the Christmas period with good reductions in both retail crime and violent crime.

> “It is clearly very good news for retailers that store theft has fallen so significantly and the corresponding falls in violent offences are also helping make the centre a safer place for shoppers and those wishing to enjoy the night time economy.

“We will do all we can in 2020 to keep working with our partners to play our part in making the town centre a great destination for shoppers, retailers and those wishing to enjoy a night out.”
