```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Serious Assault, Thornes Park, Wakefield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-serious-assault-thornes-park-wakefield
```

**Thursday 25 February 2021**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was seriously injured in an unprovoked attack in a Wakefield Park.

Wakefield District CID would like to speak to anyone who saw or has information about the incident involving four males in Thornes Park on Wednesday February 17.

It took place between 5.15pm and 5.30pm after the 30-year-old male victim and his wife came across a group of four males on bicycles while walking in the park.

As they passed one of the group shouted at the victim who continued by them on his walk.

A few second afterwards he was assaulted from behind and to the side and sustained a serious facial injury which required hospital treatment and surgery.

The males made off from the scene.

One suspect was described as white, aged 12-13, slimly built and wearing a black baseball cap, dark jogging bottoms and a black scarf. He was riding a black pedal cycle.

Another was white, aged 12-13 and slim with long dirty coloured blonde hair, wearing dark coloured jogging bottoms and a baseball cap.

A third male was again white, male aged 12-13 years old, chubby and shorter than the rest of the group wearing a light blue baseball cap and grey jogging bottoms.

The final male was described as aged 12-13 years-old and slim.

Anyone who saw the males in the park just before or after the assault or who can assist police enquiries is asked to contact Wakefield District CID on 101 referencing crime number 13210083423 or online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
