```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Four Arrested In Seacroft Over Aggravated Burglary, Fairfield Hill, Bramley. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/four-arrested-seacroft-over-aggravated-burglary-fairfield-hill-bramley
```

**Tuesday, December 1, 2020**

Four people have been arrested in connection with an aggravated burglary in Leeds.

The three men, aged 32, 34 and 45, and a 26-year-old woman, were arrested by armed officers from two neighbouring addresses on Tarnside Drive, Seacroft, last night.

The arrests resulted from enquiries into an aggravated burglary at a house in Fairfield Hill, Bramley, which was reported to police at 7.18pm yesterday (30/11).

Two suspects had forced their way into the address and assaulted a 29-year-old man inside and made demands for property before stealing electrical goods and leaving the scene. The victim received minor injuries.

The suspects had what appeared to be a firearm and this was discharged during the incident but no injury was caused.

Scenes are currently in place in both Fairfield Hill and Tarnside Drive to undergo forensic examination and specialist searches and detectives from Leeds District CID are continuing enquiries into the incident. Those arrested remain in custody.

Detective Inspector James Entwistle, of Leeds District CID, said: “We are treating this incident very seriously given the circumstances and are carrying out extensive enquiries.

“We would like to hear from anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity, either around the address that was targeted or the location of the arrests, or who has any information that could assist the investigation.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101 quoting reference 13200600183 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
