```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Coronavirus - Easter Message | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/coronavirus-easter-message
```

Thursday, 9th April, 2020

West Yorkshire Police is urging the public to Stay Home, protect the NHS and Save Lives this Easter weekend.

## YouTube Video - Assistant Chief Constable Tim Kingsman

Read more advice on our dedicated Coronavirus (COVID-19) page here

###

### Text Transcript - YouTube Video - ACC Tim Kingsman

Hello,

As the Easter weekend begins, a time when we would all usually be with our families and friends, I am urging you to Stay Home, protect the NHS and Save Lives.

I know this is a difficult time. We are all missing friends and family, but it is absolutely vital you continue to follow Government guidelines and help prevent the spread of Covid19.

The response across the county so far has been terrific and I’d like to say a huge thank you, on behalf of West Yorkshire Police, our partners and our communities, to the vast majority who have followed the advice and stayed at home.

Sadly, a few have not heeded that advice, putting themselves and others at risk, but I am pleased to say they have been in a minority.

We are working hard to support and protect our communities and will continue to explain educate and encourage people to comply. The last thing we want to do is have to use enforcement, but where people continue to flout the rules, we must do that, for the good of everyone.

I also want to take this opportunity to applaud everyone who is continuing to provide emergency services, social care and other vital services at this challenging time. You are doing an outstanding job.

Please, show your continuing support, help make their jobs easier and stand behind our NHS and care workers.

Have a Happy Easter, look after yourselves, stay safe.
