```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Thousands of Cannabis Plants Seized in Wakefield City Centre So Far In 2021 | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/thousands-cannabis-plants-seized-wakefield-city-centre-so-far-2021
```

**Monday February 22, 2021**

More than £1.5-million of pounds worth of cannabis set to be harvested and sold across West Yorkshire has been seized from drugs operations in Wakefield city centre so far in 2021.

The Wakefield City NPT has warned crime gangs they remain determined to disrupt and dismantle drugs production in the city following a series of large scale seizures.

Recent raids by officers have included the seizure of 1,980 cannabis plants worth up to £1.5-million from a former nightclub on Queen Street in Wakefield in January, and the dismantling of a cannabis factory in a former restaurant on Westgate End on January 27, resulting in the seizure of 40 plants.

In another operation on Sunday February 14, officers attended at a commercial premises White Horse Yard, Market Street and uncovered a large-scale cannabis factory.

A total of 256 plants were recovered from several rooms of the premises which was fully searched and made safe by officers

A man was arrested and then charged on suspicion of drugs offences in connection with the White Horse Yard seizure, and has been remanded in custody following a first magistrates court appearance.

Inspector Paul Fraser of the Wakefield City NPT, said: “The start of 2021 has without doubt been a very busy one for us and has seen our officers prevent over a millions of pounds worth of drugs from reaching our communities.

“Much of the cannabis we have seized would have been sold regionally and much has been taken from sophisticated and large scale set ups which would have been expensive to finance.

“There is no doubt that our actions in dismantling these factories are hitting producers where it hurts.

“I want to thank all those who contact us with information for their ongoing support and reassure them that their diligence is helping make a difference.

“We do assess every piece of information received and link in closely with our partners in Wakefield CID and the force’s Programme Precision to make sure appropriate resources are brought to bear on drug producers both large and small.”

Chief Inspector Rick Sumner, responsible for Neighbourhoods and Partnerships across Wakefield, said “Hopefully this will demonstrate our clear intent to both our communities and to organised criminality that exists within in the district.

"This is just the start of our planned activities. We are working closely with our key strategic partners to identify other ways in which we can proactively prevent vulnerabilities being exploited in order to stop crime gangs visiting and operating within these localities.”

“Anyone who has information about drugs supply in Wakefield city centre or the wider Wakefield District can contact their NPT via 101 or make reports online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

“Information can also be given anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
