```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Men Charged Following Incident In Which Police Officer Was Seriously Injured, Wakefield | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/men-charged-following-incident-which-police-officer-was-seriously-injured-wakefield
```

**Wednesday March 10, 2021**

Two men have appeared before magistrates today charged with offences in relation to an alleged Class A drugs supply incident in which an officer was seriously injured in Wakefield.

Asim Khan (23) of no fixed address and Lee Fullalove (19) from Fagley Road Bradford both appeared before Leeds Magistrates Court charged with Possession With Intent to Supply Class A drugs.

Khan was also charged with seriously injuring a police officer through dangerous driving and offences of driving without insurance and driving without a licence.

They were remanded in custody to next appear before Leeds Crown Court in April.

Both were arrested following an incident on Great George Street on Monday March 8 in which roads policing officers stopped a vehicle on suspicion of it being involved in drugs supply offences.

The vehicle was in collision with an officer who was taken to hospital by ambulance with a broken leg

Two other men aged 47 and 39 were also arrested in connection with the incident and have been released under investigation.

The arrests formed part of a joint operation between the City and North West Neighbourhood and the specialist Police Intercept teams tackling street dealing in the centre of Wakefield. Enquiries remain ongoing by Wakefield District CID.

** **
