```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Successful Operation in Shipley and Saltaire sees dramatic reduction in Commercial and Residential Burglaries | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/successful-operation-shipley-and-saltaire-sees-dramatic-reduction-commercial-and
```

**Wednesday 24 March, 2021**

A successful proactive operation in Shipley and Saltaire sees dramatic reductions in commercial and residential burglaries.

Between 9 February and 16 March, Shipley NPT officers were deployed to hotspot areas in Shipley town centre, Saltaire and Avondale Road.

The operation was in response to an increase in commercial burglaries and also shed and garage burglaries in the area during the start of the year.

The operation was supported by NPT officers and patrol officers, both plain clothed and high visibility patrols.

Due to the team’s efforts there has been a 58 per cent decrease in residential burglaries and 66 per cent decrease in commercial burglaries.

The results are:

 * 3 arrests
 * 24 stop searches
 * 30 intelligence reports submitted
 * 2 vehicle seizures
 * 21 Covid warnings
 * 28 Covid fines
 * 5 reports for summons

> Inspector Craig Stothers of Shipley NPT said: “This proactive operation was our direct response to an increase we had seen in burglaries both in commercial premises and residential properties in the Shipley and Saltaire area.
>
> “The results from the operation speak for themselves, but I am incredibly pleased with the dedication and efforts of the team to ensure this operation was a success.
>
> “The dramatic decrease we have seen in commercial and residential burglaries is fantastic and I hope this reassures the local communities and businesses that we will take positive action to disrupt and prevent crime in the area.
>
> “I would also encourage anyone who has any information about crime in their area to come forward and speak to us. All intelligence and information we receive is investigated and often proves vital to the continuing work the teams are doing.”

Anyone who has any concerns about crime in their area is asked to contact your local NPT team via 101 or online via the LiveChat facility.

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
