```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: "West Yorkshire Safer Roads \u2018Op Snap\u2019 Portal Proving Popular with Dash Cam and headcam Owners across West Yorkshire | West Yorkshire Police"
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/west-yorkshire-safer-roads-op-snap-portal-proving-popular-dash-cam-and-headcam-owners
```

**Thursday 5 November 2020**

West Yorkshire Safer Roads Op Snap is the Media Submissions Portal that the force launched back in July.

Op Snap has received over 800 submissions of dash cam footage from members of the public where a suspected offence relating to road safety has taken place.

The new system enables the public to upload footage of at dangerous driving, driver distraction offences including using a mobile phone, driving without due care and attention, careless driving, overtaking on solid white lines, not being in proper control of the vehicle and traffic light contraventions.

Out of the 805 submissions received so far over half of them (56%) have resulted in further action: 42% were offered a driver retraining course as an alternative to prosecution, 7% were issued a penalty notice with a fine and points endorsement, 4% are proceeding to court and 3% are now the subject of further investigation for more serious offences by specialist officers. The rest of the submissions faced no further action and that was due to a number of factors which include the submission containing insufficient information to identify the vehicle keeper or driver or insufficient evidence to justify further action.

> **Paul Jeffrey Prosecutions and Casualty Prevention Manager for West Yorkshire Police said:**
>
> ‘The uptake for the West Yorkshire Safer Roads Op Snap portal has been really great to see.
>
> ‘This new initiative has really helped us to work with the public as part of our commitment to preventing deaths and injury and improving driver behaviour. This is all about by proactively addressing offending and unsafe driver behaviour on our roads to make the roads of West Yorkshire safer for everyone.
>
> ‘I would like to encourage people to get Dashcams fitted and if they witness any dangerous driving on our roads to submit them via the portal.
>
> ‘You are our additional pairs of eyes which help us to keep our roads safer and we are able to take action against driving offences we otherwise wouldn’t see.
>
> ‘Our first conviction in court came back in October when a man from Bradford was prosecuted for dangerous driving. He was banned from the roads for two years, ordered to pay £119 in costs and carry out 200 hours of community service.
>
> ‘It’s important that any evidence of driving offences captured on these devices is sent to us as soon as possible. We need to act swiftly to identify the driver of any offence within specified timeframes’.

Op Snap

> **West Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner, Mark Burns-Williamson (PCC) added:**
>
> “To see the introduction of the new portal making a genuine difference to the safety of our roads and users is extremely encouraging and really validates all the hard work that we have collectively put in to developing this innovative facility for the public.
>
> “It is clearly evident that the new process has been well received and I know our communities, partners and local campaign groups will all welcome the immediate impact it is having on our roads.
>
> “The benefits are not, however, experienced purely through enforcement statistics alone.
>
> “Motorist’s growing knowledge around the existence of this digital media tool will also hopefully begin to have a positive effect on driving behaviour and will ultimately create a safer environment for all road users.
>
> “Road safety has always been reflected as a key priority within my Police and Crime Plan and the feedback I continue to receive underlines its ongoing importance and this is a good example of how we are responding.”

Frequently asked questions on West Yorkshire Safer Roads Op Snap can be found here:

You can submit dash cam footage here.
