```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Thirteen Due In Court Over Harehills Bonfire Night Disorder. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/thirteen-due-court-over-harehills-bonfire-night-disorder
```

**Tuesday, October 6, 2020**

Thirteen people are due to appear in court this week charged in relation to incidents of disorder in the Harehills area of Leeds on Bonfire Night last year.

They have all been charged with violent disorder as part of Operation Daydon, a large-scale investigation launched by Leeds District CID into the incidents in the Harehills Road area on November 5, 2019.

Six officers received injuries during the incidents, in which police were targeted with fireworks and other missiles. Two officers were treated at hospital but none were seriously injured.

Roads were barricaded, bins set alight, and damage was caused to police vehicles, buses and cars, street furniture and buildings.

A total of 15 people were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder at the time.

A full post-incident investigation followed which saw detectives spend months trawling through hours of CCTV and body-worn camera footage to identify further suspects. A further eight arrests were made during an operation led by the Leeds East Neighbourhood Policing Team in May this year.

Following consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service, five men, one woman and seven male youths, aged between 15 and 17, have been charged by postal requisition to appear at Leeds Magistrates Court on Thursday, October 8.

The youths involved cannot be named due to legal reasons but the adults are:

Georgia Walker, aged 18, of Mexborough Grove, Chapeltown.

Zohaib Ahmed, aged 18, of St Wilfrids Drive, Harehills.

Nikolas Gasper, aged 18, of Victoria Road, Keighley.

Josh Smith, aged 22, of Sutherland Road, Harehills.

Leonard Gheorge, aged 18, of Shepherds Place, Chapeltown.

Timotei Adavani, aged 20, of Seaforth Avenue, Harehills.

Enquiries are ongoing to locate and charge four further males who have been identified as suspects.

Three other youths, aged 12 to 14, who were arrested, were referred to the Youth Offending Team.
