```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Four Arrested Following Multi-Agency Operation in Bradford to Disrupt County Lines Network | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/four-arrested-following-multi-agency-operation-bradford-disrupt-county-lines-network
```

**Monday 13 July, 2020**

Three men and one woman were arrested in Bradford last week following a multi-agency operation to disrupt a county lines drugs network.

On Thursday last week (9 July), officers conducted a number of arrest warrants across Bradford, Keighley and Skipton and four people were arrested.

Naim Raza Sadik, 37, of Woodville Place, Heaton, Saleem Sadik, 40 of Toller Lane, Heaton, Steven Montgomery, 47 of Jubilee Close, Skipton and Rachel Campbell 52 of Whinfield Avenue, Keighley were all arrested.

All four were charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and the three males were also charged with possession of Class A drugs with the intent to supply.

The defendants appeared at Bradford Magistrates Court on Friday morning and will next appear at Bradford Crown Court on 7 August.

This was an intelligence led operation by Bradford’s Programme Precision Team and was supported by British Transport Police, North Yorkshire Police, the Regional Organised Crime Team (ROCU) and the National County Lines Coordination Centre (NCLCC).

Officers targeted individuals suspected of county lines involvement and who have been exploiting vulnerable people. As a result, a county lines drug line between Bradford to Skipton has been disrupted.

> Detective Chief Inspector Andy Farrell, who leads of Serious and Organised Crime in Bradford, said: “This has been a detailed investigation and with the invaluable assistance of our partner agencies; we have charged four people with serious criminal offences involving the supply of Class A drugs in the region.
>
> “The exploitation of children and the vulnerable to deal drugs in this way is known as County Lines and is a particularly horrible way of committing serious criminal offences. Children and other vulnerable people may be groomed or simply forced to commit criminal offences, through the threat of violence; these criminals will stop at nothing to exploit the vulnerable.
>
> “All forms of drug dealing has a devastating impact on communities of West Yorkshire and multi-agency operations such as this help to send positive messages to our communities that we are committed to tackling these issues.
>
> “Our work to combat the illegal supply of drugs is always ongoing and I would urge anyone with any information about drug dealing in their area to let us know – any intelligence gathered will be acted upon and it helps us stop drug dealing in the communities of Bradford and across West Yorkshire.”
