```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Pledge Danger Driver Crackdown On Roads Around Iconic Huddersfield Site | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-pledge-danger-driver-crackdown-roads-around-iconic-huddersfield-site
```

**Thursday January 7, 2021**

Danger drivers have been warned they are running out of road in Huddersfield after police pledged to step up action at a local landmark.

The Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team has increased patrols in the Castle Hill area in Almondbury and is encouraging anyone who has dashcam footage of dangerous driving footage to give it to officers.

Police have vowed to prosecute each and every driver caught breaking the law, and have stepped up action following recent reports of cars driving dangerously and racing there.

Officers recovered a car which had come off the road on Castle Hill on New Years Eve and arrested the male driver on suspicion of drink driving and driving without a licence.

No-one was injured in the incident.

A number of roads policing operations have been and remain ongoing around the Huddersfield area by the NPT and also by Safer Kirklees to try and improve road safety.

Image from recent operation

Inspector Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield NPT, said: “I receive regular reports of anti-social behaviour around Castle Hill, and especially reports of dangerous driving around the area.

> “This is an iconic site in Huddersfield and attracts thousands of visitors each year to enjoy the views.

> “It is therefore a real shame that a minority spoil it for others by driving up to the landmark and then either cause nuisance on the site or use their vehicles in an anti-social manner.”

He added: “Those driving dangerously are causing a real risk to both themselves and other road users, especially given the current wintry conditions.

“My team along with staff from Kirklees Coucil and Highways are working together to prevent incidents of this nature.

“The last thing I want to see is someone being seriously injured or even worse due to dangerous driving and we will take every step possible to prevent this and deter people from causing harm around this scenic location.

Dash Cam Footage of incidents can be uploaded to Police at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/SaferRoadsSubmissions
