```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Huddersfield Drugs Gang Jailed For More Than 37 Years | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/huddersfield-drugs-gang-jailed-more-37-years
```

**Thursday 19 March 2020**

Seven people have been convicted and given sentences in excess of 37 years for their roles in a large scale Huddersfield drugs conspiracy.

The six men and one woman were all convicted at Sheffield Crown Court on Friday March 13 for their involvement in the large scale drugs conspiracy to supply Class A drugs in Kirklees in 2018.

The group were arrested as part of an operation by the Kirklees District Precision Organised Crime Team and all pleaded guilty at court.

Those convicted were

Darren Judge (29) of Blackmoorfoot Road, Huddersfield who was jailed for 13 years seven months for Supplying Class A drugs and Possession of a Cass A drug with the intent to supply.

Darren Judge

Rhys Judge (27) of Westbourne Road, Huddersfield who was jailed for 14 years for possession with intent to supply drugs and Assault Occasioning Actual Bodily harm.

Rhys Judge

Joe Garbutt (19) of Deer Croft Crescent, Huddersfield who was jailed for 28 months for supplying Class A drugs and Possession with the intent to supply A class A drug.

Joe Garbutt

Marcus Quashie (23) of Hollin Terrace, Huddersfield who was jailed for 33 months for being concerned in the supply of class A drugs

Marcus Quashie

Karl David (25) of Hyde park Road, Leeds who was jailed for 33 months for supplying a class A drug.

Karl David

A 21-year-old Huddersfield woman who was given a suspended 19 month sentence for money laundering.

Neil Jennings (36) was who sentenced to 28 months for being concerned in the Supply of Class A drugs.

Neil Jennings

Police investigations into the drugs line began after officers executed a warrant at a house in Huddersfield in June 2018 and located cash and a small amount of Class A drugs.

Officers also located a larger amount of Class A drugs in a vehicle and arrested Darren judge, Neil Jennings and the 21-year-old woman on suspicion of drugs offences.

Subsequent enquiries revealed the existence of a larger drugs supply network in the town and led to a further seven persons being arrested.

Detective Inspector Diane Johnson of Programme Precision in Kirklees, said: “We were very pleased to see significant sentences given at court to these individuals for their role in what was a significant organised drugs line supplying Class A drugs such as Crack Cocaine and Heroin on the streets of Huddersfield.

“These sentences should stand as a real example of the lengthy custodial penalties those who become involved in this kind of behaviour can face for becoming involved in the kind of street drug dealing which causes misery in our communities.

“This drugs line was identified following a lengthy investigation led by PC Connor of the Programme Precision Team with the evidence gathered proving so substantial that the seven defendants dealt with all pleaded guilty to the offences they were charged with.”

Anyone who has information about drug dealing in their communities is urged to contact the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111. Reports to Crimestoppers can be made in total anonymity and all intelligence is investigated.
