```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Kirklees Man Sentenced For Child Rape And Sexual Offences | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/kirklees-man-sentenced-child-rape-and-sexual-offences
```

**Tuesday 16 February, 2021**

A Kirklees man has been given an extended 18-year-sentence after pleading guilty to the rape of a child and other sexual offences.

Kevin Blackburn (71) from Liversedge was sentenced to 13 years in prison with an extended five years on licence at Leeds Crown Court today (February 16) after pleading guilty to a total of six offences at a previous hearing.

The 71-year-old pleaded guilty to raping a child under the age of 13 and four counts of the sexual assault of a child aged under 13. He also pleaded guilty to one offence of inciting a child to engage in sexual activity.

The offences took place between 2012 and 2016 in the Kirklees area and were reported to police in January 2020.

Blackburn was arrested shortly afterwards as specialist detectives at the Kirklees Child Safeguarding Unit began a full investigation.

Aside from the custodial sentence, Blackburn will also be placed on the sexual offenders register for life & is the subject of a sexual harm prevention order.

> DC Yvonne Brear of the Kirklees District Child Safeguarding Unit said:
>
> “Kevin Blackburn has committed some truly appalling offences and we welcome the substantial custodial sentence imposed on him.
>
> “During his sentencing the court found that he poses a substantial risk to young girls and this was reflected in the extended sentence which was given.
>
> “I want to praise the female victim who came forwards in this case and whose bravery has resulted in us identifying and, with the CPS, being able to prosecute a very dangerous man.
>
> “We can promise victims that their needs will always be put at the heart of every investigation and that we will thoroughly investigate every report made to us.”
