```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Garden And Power Tools Taken In Burglary, Dewsbury | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-garden-and-power-tools-taken-burglary-dewsbury
```

**Thursday 13 August 2020**

Police are appealing for information after high value tools and gardening equipment were stolen from a property in North Dewsbury.

Kirklees Police are appealing for information regarding the theft of equipment including a petrol lawnmower and Stihl chainsaw stolen from a garage on Birkdale Road overnight between August 11 and 12.

Several thousands of pounds of equipment was taken in the burglary including a Florabest petrol lawnmower, Florabest hedge trimmer, Sarp petrol strimmer, Stihl chainsaw and a Bosch electric drill. Also taken were two folding garden chairs.

It is thought that thieves may try and sell the equipment locally and anyone who is offered items such as these for sale in suspicious circumstances is asked to contact the police.

Local Crime Reduction Officers Stephen Forrest and Sharon Charlesworth are also available to speak to householders in Dewsbury and wider Kirklees about what they can do to improve their security. They can be contacted on 01924 431048 Email: [email protected] nn.police.uk

Anyone who has information about the theft or who is offered the stolen equipment for sale should contact Kirklees Police on 101 referencing crime number 13200402601. Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat or anonymously to the independent Crimestppers charity on 0800 555 111.
