```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Suspected Drugs Seized And Arrests Made In Netherton Drugs Operation, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/suspected-drugs-seized-and-arrests-made-netherton-drugs-operation-huddersfield
```

**Friday 6 March, 2020**

Police have vowed to keep up the pressure on street level drugs offending in Netherton after seizing suspected cocaine and other drugs in an operation.

The Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team has encouraged residents to keep supplying intelligence about drugs after making seizure’s and arrests during a week of action to target street level dealers.

During the week of action officers stopped and checked a number of people in the Netherton area and followed up on lines of intelligence and enquiry.

On Thursday officers arrested a man and woman in the local area on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and conducted a subsequent search at a house.

Quantities of drugs including suspected cocaine and amphetamines where recovered in the operation, as well as drugs related equipment.

Inspector Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield NPT, said: “This planned operation was based on numerous pieces of information from the community who were sick of seeing drug dealers in the area.

“Officers collated the information and mounted the operation to disrupt offenders and the associated anti-social behaviour it brings.

“As a result of enquiries my team were able to make arrests and recover suspected Class A and B drugs, and we are continuing our enquiries today.”

He added: “I want to thank residents for the information they are supplying about crime in their communities.

“As this operation demonstrates, I can promise my officers will continue to review all community intelligence and act on this to make our town a safer place for all.

“If anyone has information regarding any type of criminality or ASB please don’t hesitate to make contact with West Yorkshire Police. Information can be given anonymously and we will always follow up and review as the smallest piece of information could be the vital piece we need to be able to act.”

Anyone who has information about drug dealing in their communities can contact the independent Crimestoppers charity anonymously on 0800 555 111.

* A 45 year-old man and a 39-year-old woman who were both arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs offences were released under investigation pending continuing enquiries.
