```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Appeal: Serious Road Traffic Collision, Temple Newsam Park, Leeds | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-appeal-serious-road-traffic-collision-temple-newsam-park-leeds
```

**Monday 8 February 2021**

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Temple Newsam Park on Saturday 30 January 2021.

Leeds District roads policing officers would like to speak to anyone who saw or has footage of the incident in which a Seat Ibiza collided with a tree at about 8.30pm.

The had been travelling on Temple Newsam Road towards the direction of Temple Newsam House when it came off the road.

Officers believe there were potential witnesses in a nearby carpark and are keen to trace anyone with any information about what happened.

An 18-year-old male passenger in the car suffered a serious leg injury and was taken to hospital for treatment.

The driver also suffered serious injuries.

Anyone who saw the collision or the car beforehand, or who has video footage, is asked to contact the Eastern Area Roads Policing Unit on 101 referencing police log 1703 of January 30.

Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

**Monday 1 February, 2021**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Temple Newsam Park on Saturday evening.

Leeds District roads policing officers would like to speak to anyone who saw or has footage of the incident in which a Seat Ibiza collided with a tree at about 8.30pm on Saturday January 30.

The had been travelling on Temple Newsam Road towards the direction of Temple Newsam House when it came off the road.

An 18-year-old male passenger in the car suffered a serious leg injury and was taken to hospital for treatment.

Anyone who saw the collision or the car beforehand, or who has video footage, is asked to contact the Eastern Area Roads Policing Unit on 101 referencing police log 1703 of January 30.”

Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat
