```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Renew Appeal to Trace Ismail Ali Who Has Been Missing for Four Months | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-renew-appeal-trace-ismail-ali-who-has-been-missing-four-months
```

**Wednesday 7 October, 2020**

Police in Bradford are renewing their appeal in the search for Ismail Ali who has been missing for four months.

Ismail Ali, aged 46, was last seen at around 3pm on Gulams Stores on Cumberland Road in the afternoon on Friday 29 May.

He is described as an Asian male, slim build, short black hair and a full beard.

He was last seen wearing a red hooded top, black trousers and dark footwear.

Police have conducted extensive searches and enquiries to trace Ismail since he went missing in May.

He has links to Bradford, Dewsbury, Batley and also Blackburn.

Officers are continuing their enquiries to locate him, but are urging the public to get in touch if they have any further information.

Ismail’s family are extremely concerned about him and are urging him to get in touch so they know he is OK.

Anyone with any information on Ismail’s whereabouts or anything else which could assist our enquiries, please contact the police via 101 or via https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101LiveChat quoting log number 1498 of 1 June.

=======================================================================================================

**Thursday 6 August, 2020**

Police are urging anyone with information about missing Bradford man Ismail Ali to come forward to assist with the investigation.

Ismail Ali, aged 46, was last seen on Gulams in Cumberland Road in the afternoon on Friday 29 May.

He is described as an Asian male, slim build, short black hair and a full beard. He was last seen wearing a red hooded top, black trousers and dark footwear.

Ismail has not been seen for 10 weeks now and both police and his family are very concerned for his welfare.

Ismail has links to the Dewsbury and Batley areas, as well as links to Blackburn.

Extensive enquiries have been undertaken by police in Bradford to find Ismail, including examination of CCTV in the area and places he last visited.

Officers are continuing their enquiries to locate him, but are urging the public to get in touch if they have any further information.

Anyone with any information on Ismail’s whereabouts or anything else which could assist our enquiries, please contact the police via 101 or via the 101 LiveChat Facility on the West Yorkshire Police website quoting log number 1498 of 1 June.

===============================================================================================================================

**Monday 13 July, 2020**

Police in Bradford are continuing to appeal for information on man who has been missing for six weeks.

Ismail Ali, aged 46, was last seen on Gulams in Cumberland Road in the afternoon on Friday 29 May.

He is described as an Asian male, 4”8, slim build, short black hair and a full beard.

It has now been over six weeks since Ismail was last seen and officers are becoming increasingly concerned for his welfare.

Ismail has links to the Dewsbury and Batley areas, as well as links to Blackburn.

Officers are continuing their enquiries to locate him, but are urging the public to get in touch if they have any further information.

Anyone with any information on Ismail’s whereabouts or anything else which could assist our enquiries, please contact the police via 101 or via the 101 LiveChat Facility on the West Yorkshire Police website quoting log number 1498 of 1 June.

===============================================================================================================================

**Tuesday 7th July, 2020**

Police are becoming increasingly concerned for the welfare of missing Bradford man Ismail Ali.

The 46 year old and was last seen in Gulams in Cumberland Road on the afternoon of Friday, 29 May.

He is described as being of slim build with short black hair. He has links to the Dewsbury and Batley areas, as well as Blackburn.

There are concerns for his welfare, particularly given the period of time that has now passed.

Officers are continuing their enquiries to locate him and are calling on anyone with information about his current location to get in touch.

Anyone with information which may assist is asked to contact police on 101 or via the West Yorkshire Police website, quoting log reference 1498 of 1 June.
