```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Police Issue Picture Of Man Killed In Road Traffic Collision, Deighton Road, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-police-issue-picture-man-killed-road-traffic-collision-deighton-road
```

**Monday 28 December, 2020**

Police have issued a picture of a pedestrian killed in a road traffic collision in Huddersfield as officers continue to appeal for witnesses.

Marcus Warner

The Major Collision Enquiry Team are continuing to appeal for information as enquiries remain ongoing into a collision on Deighton Road, Huddersfield on Sunday (December 27th) which resulted in the death of 34-year-old Marcus Warner.

The incident happened at around 01:15am on Sunday 27th December on Deighton Road at the junction with Browning Road and involved a black Seat Ibiza.

It occurred after the Ibiza approached the area from the direction of Leeds Road and collided with Mr Warner who was in the road, close to the junction with Browning Road.

The vehicle involved in the collision failed to stop at the scene and it also may have been driving in convoy with another car.

Emergency services including the ambulance service attended.

The Seat Ibiza was later located by Police and seized and three people were also arrested in connection with the collision.

Two 26-year-old females and a 28-year-old male, have now been released on bail as enquiries continue.

Detective Chief Inspector Fiona Gaffney of West Yorkshire Police, said: “We are continuing a number of enquiries into this fatal collision and I am very much continuing to appeal for witnesses and for anyone who may have dashcam, CCTV or phone footage of what took place to come forwards.

“We also remain keen to speak to anyone who saw the Seat just prior to the incident. Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 quoting log number 116 of 27 December.”

**Sunday 27 December, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision in Huddersfield this morning.

The incident happened at around 1:15am this morning (Sunday 27 December) on Deighton Road at the junction with Browning Road.

A black Seat Ibiza approached the area from the direction of Leeds Road and collided with a male pedestrian who was at the junction of Browning Road.

The vehicle involved in the collision failed to stop at the scene and it also may have been driving in convoy with another car.

Emergency services including the ambulance service attended.

The 34-year-old male pedestrian was treated at the scene by paramedics, but shortly after was pronounced dead.

The Seat Ibiza was later located by police and seized.

Three people have been arrested in connection with the collision – two 26-year-old females and a 28-year-old male, all from the Huddersfield area.

Enquiries are ongoing.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, saw the vehicles prior to or after the collision, has any dashcam or CCTV footage, is asked to contact the Major Collision and Enquiry Team via 101 quoting log number 116 of 27 December.
