```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Hundreds Of Cannabis Plants Seized in Week Of Operations, Upton | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/hundreds-cannabis-plants-seized-week-operations-upton
```

**Monday 2 November 2020**

Police have vowed to keep up efforts to cut cannabis production after making arrests and seizing over 160 plants in a week of operations in the Upton area.

The Wakefield East and South East Neighbourhood Policing Team has said officers will be knocking on more doors in the coming weeks after seizing 168 plants from six properties in the Upton area in a week of action by the NPT and Wakefield CID.

Officers attended at addresses on Smeaton Road, Cross Street and Tom Wood Ash Lane during the week long operation which was carried out as part of an investigation into cannabis supply.

Seventy two plants were discovered at one property on Smeaton Road at which a man was arrested, and 38 at another from which police also arrested a man and woman on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs.

A man was also arrested from a house in Cross Street in which officers located 10 plants.

All suspects were released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Items recovered from properties as part of the operation including a bladed weapon and suspected pepper spray.

Inspector Phillippa Child of the Wakefield East and South East NPT, said: “A substantial number of plants have been located and seized from properties in Upton as part of our ongoing operation to combat drugs supply in the area, and our enquiries are ongoing.

> “Residents should not have to stand for this sort of large scale drugs manufacture and criminal activity ongoing on their streets and communities, and we can promise all intelligence we receive will be investigated.

“I would urge anyone who has information about the supply of drugs of any type of crime in their area to make a report via 101 or online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
