```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Successful 12 Months for Operation Steerside | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/successful-12-months-operation-steerside
```

**Friday 19 March, 2021**

Successful 12 months of enforcement activity for Operation Steerside during the pandemic.

In 2016, Operation Steerside was launched, specifically to tackle dangerous and anti-social driving in Bradford and then evolved in 2018 into a multi-agency partnership and continue to work to proactively tackle illegal use of the roads.

Since the beginning of the Coronavirus pandemic, there has been a significant increase in reports of anti-social use of motor vehicles in the Bradford District.

In response to this, the Operation Steerside team has worked tirelessly through the pandemic, seven days a week, using innovative tactics to tackle anti-social and dangerous driving on the District’s road network.

Bradford District was the first to obtain a whole District PSPO against anti-social use of motor vehicles. The initial enforcement has been tested by Steerside officers resulting in 40 PSPO reports. The Steerside Team currently training NPT officers in the enforcement of the PSPO.

Since March 2020, the Operation Steerside Team has:

 * Undertaken 60 pre-planned intelligence led operations
 * Issued 1,115 fixed penalty notices
 * 440 reports for summons for driving offences
 * 242 section 59 warnings to drivers
 * 327 vehicle seizures
 * 76 arrests

As well as enforcement activity in Bradford, the partnership work closely with schools and youth groups and deliver educational initiatives. This work was impacted by the Coronavirus pandemic and the closure of schools, but we are currently working with schools to establish how this can be resumed utilizing technological solutions.

There are also plans being developed with course provider TTC to deliver the Young Driver Programme in schools online.

> Chief Superintendent Dan Greenwood, Bradford District Commander, said: “This year has been like no other in terms of policing due to the pandemic, but I am extremely proud of the results the Operation Steerside team have achieved in difficult circumstances.
>
> “We remain committed to proactively tackling anti-social use of the roads and work closely with our partner agencies to ensure that the roads in the Bradford District are safe to use for those living, working and visiting the city.”

Cllr Alex Ross-Shaw, Bradford Council’s Executive Member for Regeneration, Planning and Transport, said: “At Bradford Council we remain committed to working with our partners in the fight against the anti-social and dangerous use of vehicles in the district.

“We are pleased with the results we have all achieved this year, despite the restrictions of the pandemic, and we look forward to carrying all the initiatives into the future to make the roads of our district safer for everyone.”

Anyone with any information about dangerous or anti-social driving is urged to contact the team via 101 or online. You can also submit dash cam footage here: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/SaferRoadsSubmissions
