```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Appeal After Gun Fired At House, Longroyd Crescent, Beeston, Leeds. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-after-gun-fired-house-longroyd-crescent-beeston-leeds
```

**Friday, November 6, 2020**

Specialist firearms detectives are appealing for information after a gun was fired at a house in Leeds.

At 4.43pm yesterday (5/11) police received a report of damage having been caused to the front of the property in Longroyd Crescent, Beeston, at about 11pm on Tuesday (3/11).

No-one was injured and the incident was not reported to police at the time.

Firearms officers attended the scene and confirmed the damage was consistent with a firearms discharge.

Detective Chief Inspector Fiona Gaffney, of West Yorkshire Police Firearms Investigation and Prevent Team, said: “The criminal use of firearms on our streets is always something we treat extremely seriously, and we have specialist detectives carrying out extensive enquiries to establish the full circumstances of this incident to identify those responsible.

“Although our enquiries are still at a relatively early stage, we believe this has been a targeted attack on the property.

“We would like to hear from anyone who witnessed anything at the time on Tuesday night.

“We recognise that an incident such as this will cause understandable concern in the community and we are working closely with our colleagues at Leeds District to provide suitable reassurance.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Firearms Investigation and Prevent Team via 101 quoting reference 13200555059 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
