```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Name Two Women Who Died in Thorner Collision | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-name-two-women-who-died-thorner-collision
```

**Monday 2 November 2020**

Police have named the two women who died in the road traffic collision in Thorner on Thursday 29 October.

Sacha Holmes and Tori Wilson both 30 died in the collision which took place on Carr Lane in the early hours of Thursday.

Sacha Holmes

The Major Collision, Enquiry Team are still appealing for anyone who saw or has dashcam footage of the incident to come forward. Officers believe the collision took place around 1am on the 29 October.

Tori Wilson

The black Renault Clio had been in collision with a tree and both Sacha and Tori died at the scene.

> Detective Inspector Paul Conroy from the Major Collision Enquiry Team said:
>
> ‘We are continuing to support both families of Tori and Sacha at this difficult time.
>
> ‘A full investigation is ongoing into the circumstances surround this collision.
>
> ‘I would still like to appeal to anyone who was in the Carr Lane area of Thorner from around 1am and who saw the vehicle to come forward and speak to us.
>
> ‘We understand that the vehicle was last seen at approximately 00.50 hours on Wyke Ridge Lane, travelling away from Leeds.’

Anyone who witnessed the collision or has dash cam footage is asked to contact the Major Collision enquiry Team on 101 or use the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting reference 13200541398
