```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'An Expression Of Gratitude: Fatal Road Traffic Collision, Whitkirk, Leeds. | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/expression-gratitude-fatal-road-traffic-collision-whitkirk-leeds
```

**Thursday, January 28, 2021**

_An Expression of Gratitude: A public letter of thanks from Michael Clarke, whose wife Susan died following a road traffic collision in Leeds._

On Thursday 21st January 2021 the West Yorkshire Police issued a press release concerning the death of my wife subsequent to her being involved in a road traffic collision in Whitkirk on the 12th January 2021.

Susan Clarke

I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt gratitude to every person who was involved, in any way, in rendering assistance at the scene of the tragedy and in every aspect of the help which my wife received after the accident.

Initially I wish to express our thanks to all members of the public who helped my wife prior to the arrival of the emergency services, who arrived at the scene and efficiently administered the necessary measures in an endeavour to save my wife’s life.

Secondly I must thank all the emergency services i.e. ambulances services and police for the compassionate, courteous and considerate manner in which they all played such a vital part in ensuring that the whole operation was carried out with speed and efficiency in order to endeavour to mitigate the consequent effect of the traumatic injuries from which she suffered.

Since the accident the police have been extremely supportive to me and my family and we are now in the fortunate position of having a sympathetic and helpful family liaison officer with whom we can share our worries and ask any questions that may occur to us whilst reliving the tragic experience.

Finally I have to express our gratitude for the dedication, patience and understanding of all members of the ICU at the LGI who cared for my wife until she finally died at 02.30 on Wednesday 20th January 2021. Their cooperation and compassion, particularly when imparting unwelcome information, concerning the damage and state of my wife’s injuries, partially alleviated the grave sadness with which the recipients received this news. In addition the nursing staff were extremely accommodating when asked to pass on audio messages and zoom calls to the comatose patient.

In conclusion I must say that in our darkest times we realise, with profound appreciation, the dedication and humanity of our emergency services and the devotion of all members of the NHS and the innate generosity and helpfulness of our fellow citizens.

Once more our sincere thanks to every person involved with this tragic loss of life.

* * *

**Thursday 21 January 2021**

Police have today named the pedestrian who was fatally injured in a collision on A6120, Ring Road, Whitkirk, Leeds at 9.08am on Tuesday 12 January 2021.

Sadly, Susan Clarke, 68, died from her injuries in the early hours of Wednesday, 20th January 2021.

The Major Collision Enquiry Team are continuing to appeal for information as enquiries remain ongoing into the collision on A6120, Ring Road, close to the junction with Whitkirk Lane, Leeds that occurred, involving a black Ford Kuga.

The incident occurred after the Ford Kuga approached the junction from the direction of Cross Gates and collided with Mrs Clarke as she was crossing the road.

Emergency services including the ambulance service attended.

Sergeant Mick Kilburn of West Yorkshire Police Major Collision Enquiry Team, said: “Enquiries into this fatal collision are ongoing and I am appealing for witnesses and anyone who may have Dashcam, CCTV or phone footage of the incident to come forwards. Anyone who can assist the investigation is asked to contact the Major Collision Enquiry Team via 101 quoting log number 302 of 12 January.”

* * *

**Tuesday 12 January 2021**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was seriously injured in a collision with a car in Leeds.

The incident happened at 9.08am today (12/1), involving a black Ford Kuga, near to the junction of the A6120 Ring Road and Whitkirk Lane, Austhorpe.

The pedestrian was taken to Leeds General Infirmary by ambulance and is believed to be in a critical but stable condition.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, may have dash cam footage which will assist the investigation or who saw the movements of the pedestrian or the car immediately prior to it is asked to contact 101, quoting log 0302 of 12/01/21, or report online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat.
