```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: More Than a Dozen Vehicles Seized In One Day In Huddersfield Operation | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/more-dozen-vehicles-seized-one-day-huddersfield-operation
```

**Friday February 26, 2021**

More than a dozen vehicles have been seized from Huddersfield’s streets in just one operation as part of a continuing drive to make roads safer.

The Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team has said the dangerous use of vehicles will absolutely not be tolerated after officers seized 15 vehicles in the team’s latest initiative.

On Thursday 25th February, 2021 officers from Huddersfield NPT joined colleagues from West Yorkshire Police Roads Policing and Off-Road Bike Teams to target anti-social driving and riding across Huddersfield.

Officers were deployed across the area after information had been received in relation to off road bikers and drivers.

During the operation officers issued 34 Traffic Offence Reports and took 15 vehicles off the roads for a variety of issues including no insurance and no driving licence.

The operation was the latest in a series of road safety initiatives by NPT officers and partners since Christmas including enhanced patrolling of the Castle Hill area.

> Inspector Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield NPT, said: “This was a targeted operation to deal with a number of issues regarding the dangerous use of vehicles across the area.

> “A number of locations were identified and officers were deployed to target those areas and remove illegal vehicles from our roads.

“I receive regular complaints regarding dangerous driving and riding and I understand how this type of behaviour affects people’s lives.

“It was therefore pleasing for me to get out with the team and see first-hand how technology is assisting officers to identify vehicles and people involved.

“I know there are various locations across Huddersfield that suffer with ASB riding, and we will endeavour to continue to target those locations as an NPT, but also with the assistance of our Off-Road Bike and Roads Policing colleagues.

“I would encourage any with Dashcam footage of incidents to forward this to Police where it will be reviewed and action taken.

If anyone has any information regarding the illegal use of vehicles or anti-social driving and riding please make West Yorkshire Police - 101 or Online101 or via Crimestoppers.

Dashcam footage can be submitted on line via West Yorkshire Police at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/SaferRoadsSubmissions
