```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Man Who Murdered Friend has Sentence Increased | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-man-who-murdered-friend-has-sentence-increased
```

Thursday 18 February 2021

A Bradford man who was convicted for the murder of Susan Howells has had his sentenced increased.

The hearing at the Court of Appeal, took place today (Thursday 18 February).

Dale Tarbox has had his 16-year prison sentence increased to 18-years for the murder of Susan Howells.

Following the outcome of the appeal, Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe from the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team said:

“We welcome this judgement by the Court of Appeal and are pleased that the decision has been made to extend the original sentence”.

“The prison sentence is reflective of the seriousness of the offence committed and the justice deserved for Susan and her family”

* * *

Thursday, 10 December 2020

A man from Bradford has been jailed for 16 years after he was convicted of murdering a close friend.

Dale Tarbox was sentenced at Leeds Crown Court today (Thursday) after he was convicted of murdering Susan Howells.

Tarbox, 40, of Independent Street in Little Horton, was also given two years to run concurrent for preventing the lawful burial of Susan, from Harrogate. He refused to attend court to hear the sentence.

Keith Wadsworth, 61, from Doncaster, was sentenced to three years and seven months for assisting an offender in preventing a lawful burial. He pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing.

A police investigation began in August 2019 when Susan, who was 51, was reported missing to North Yorkshire Police.

Susan Howells

This was passed to West Yorkshire Police to progress after enquiries suggested she had been in the Bradford area at the time of her disappearance. This was elevated to a murder investigation when extensive enquiries failed to locate her.

Tarbox was arrested in September 2019 in Doncaster and charged with murdering Susan at his home address in Bradford, which was searched over a number of days.

Enquiries led officers to a caravan park where Tarbox was residing. It was here that human remains were found a few days later.

Archaeologists assisted police with the recovery of these remains, which were later confirmed to be those of Susan.

Further enquiries led to the arrest of Wadsworth, who was also later charged in connection with Susan’s death.

Speaking after sentencing, Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe, said:

“I hope today’s outcome provides some closure for Susan’s family, knowing that the man who murdered her has been given a significant prison sentence.

“Susan regarded Tarbox as a close friend and someone she could trust, but he showed no regard for her - taking her life in a cold and callous way and then teaming up with Wadsworth to try and dispose of her body.

“He is clearly a dangerous individual and the people of West Yorkshire should feel safer knowing he will be behind bars for many years.”

Dale Tarbox

Keith Wadsworth
