```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Robbery, Greenhead Park, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-robbery-greenhead-park-huddersfield
```

**Wednesday 23 September 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following the theft of a child’s scooter in a robbery in Huddersfield.

Kirklees CID would like to speak to anyone who saw or has information about the incident which took place between 4.15 and 4.30pm in Greenhead Park on Monday September 21.

It took place after three males, all described as teenagers, approached the 11 year old male victim who was riding a black Phaewo electric scooter.

They pulled the victim off the scooter and kicked him before making off with the vehicle.

The three suspects were all described as Asian and around 16 years old. One was slim and around 5ft 11 ins tall, wearing an all white tracksuit, while another was also described as slim and wearing a black hooded jacket with the hood up.

The third male was wearing black jogging bottoms and black shoes.

DC Shaun Lewis of Kirklees CID, said: “This was a cowardly offence in which three older teenagers have assaulted and robbed an 11-year-old boy and we would very much like to speak with anyone who saw the robbery.

“We would also like to speak to anyone who saw three males fitting the suspect's description hanging around the park just before the offence took place, or who saw them making off with the vehicle.

“Information can be given to Kirklees CID on 101 on online at https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101LiveChat referencing crime number 13200474791.

“Reports can also be made anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
