```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Thousands of Pounds Of Cultivated Cannabis And Cash Seized In Lindley, Kirklees | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/thousands-pounds-cultivated-cannabis-and-cash-seized-lindley-kirklees
```

**Friday 19 June, 2020**

Cultivated cannabis and cash worth tens of thousands of pounds has been seized by police as part of ongoing operations to tackle drugs crime in Kirklees.

The Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team has said they will continue to follow up all information about organised drugs crime in the Huddersfield area after seizing multiple bags of harvested drugs and around £10,000 in cash in Lindley.

Officers executed a warrant at a property there during the evening of June 17 as part of a series of ongoing operations targeting cannabis supply.

On attending they found a cannabis farm including around 30 cannabis plants and multiple large bags of cannabis which had already been cultivated.

A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply controlled drugs in connection with matter and has been released under investigation pending continuing enquiries.

Other recent seizures include the discovery of a four floor cannabis farm at a property on Fenton Road, Huddersfield, in May from which Operation Jemlock officers seized 200 plants and also arrested a man.

Insp Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield NPT, said: “We receive regular information regarding cannabis farms, and this information is always reviewed and assessed with a view to disrupting drug related criminal activity.

“Cannabis production is quite clearly ‘big business’ for those involved, and the proceeds of this undoubtable contribute to organised crime.

“On this occasion we executed a warrant and following a search, recovered drugs and cash valued in the tens of thousands.

“I would encourage anyone with information regarding drugs, or any other criminal activity to contact West Yorkshire Police as that information (however small) might be the piece of the jigsaw officers require.”

West Yorkshire Police can be contacted via 999 for a crime in progress or 101 or 101livechat for other incidents or information about offending.

Members of the public can pass information anonymously via the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

The online reporting service can be found at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat
