```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Two Men Arrested In Shooting Investigation, Thorpe Road, Middleton | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/two-men-arrested-shooting-investigation-thorpe-road-middleton
```

**Wednesday, January 20, 2021**

Two men have been arrested this morning as part of an investigation into the shooting of man in Leeds.

The men, aged 21 and 60, were arrested on suspicion of firearms offences when armed officers conducted enquiries at an address in The Close, Richmond Hill, earlier today.

The operation was part of an ongoing investigation into an incident in Thorpe Road, Middleton, on Sunday, January 10, where a 31-year-old man received a gunshot wound to the leg.

Detectives from West Yorkshire Police Homicide and Major Enquiry Team have previously arrested and bailed the 31-year-old victim, a 17-year-old male and a 42-year-old woman in connection with the incident.

They are continuing to appeal for information from the public and have launched an online reporting portal where people can give information anonymously.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 quoting Operation Pearsea reference 13210015548 or online via the Major Incident Public Portal website at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/13XM020121L42-PO1

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

* * *

**Tuesday, January 19, 2021**

Detectives have made more arrests and are continuing to appeal for information regarding a shooting in Middleton in Leeds.

The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team has renewed its appeal for witnesses as detectives continue to investigate an incident in which a man was shot in the leg in Thorpe Road in Middleton on Sunday, January 10.

Police are continuing to conduct a number of enquiries regarding the shooting which took place between 7pm and 7.30pm and have now set up a new reporting portal which people can use to report information online anonymously.

Over the weekend officers arrested a 17-year-old male and a 42-year-old woman on suspicion of firearms offences. Both have been released on police bail.

A 31-year-old victim of the shooting, who suffered non-life threatening injuries, remains on police bail after previously being arrested in connection with the incident.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe said: “We continue to carry out extensive enquiries into this firearms discharge and while arrests are being made, I am still very much appealing to residents to come forward and assist the investigation.

“The new Major Incident Public Portal which we have established enables residents to come forward and supply information online in complete anonymity if they wish to.

“Reports can also still be given anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity or to the investigation team via 101.

“The criminal use of firearms on our streets is always something we treat extremely seriously, and I can assure residents all lines of investigation continue to be pursued.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 quoting Operation Pearsea reference 13210015548 or online via the Major Incident Public Portal website at https://mipp.police.uk/operation/13XM020121L42-PO1

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

* * *

**Monday, January 11, 2021**

Detectives are appealing for information after a man was injured in a shooting in Leeds.

At 7.50pm last night (10/1) police were contacted by the ambulance service who had received a report of a man having been shot in Thorpe Road, Middleton.

Armed officers deployed to the scene and further information was received about a 31-year-old man presenting at hospital with a gunshot wound to the leg.

His injuries are not considered life threatening and he has now been arrested in connection with the incident.

A scene is in place in Thorpe Road to undergo forensic examination and specialist searches and enquiries are being carried out led by West Yorkshire Police Homicide and Major Enquiry Team.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe said: “Our investigation is still at a relatively early stage but we are carrying out extensive enquiries to establish the full circumstances of this incident.

“We would like to hear from anyone who has witnessed the incident in Thorpe Road or who has any information that could assist the investigation.

“The criminal use of firearms on our streets is always something we treat extremely seriously.

“We recognise that an incident such as this will cause understandable concern in the community and we are working closely with our colleagues at Leeds District, including the local neighbourhood policing team, to provide suitable reassurance.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 quoting reference 13210015548 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
