```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Sentenced for Burglary Offences, Wakefield District | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-sentenced-burglary-offences-wakefield-district
```

**Monday 11 January 2021**

An Ossett man has been jailed for six years after being convicted of a series of household burglaries in his home town.

Daniel Kaye, 37, from Ossett, appeared at Bradford Crown Court on Tuesday (5 January) where he was sentenced to six years imprisonment.

Kaye has also been disqualified from driving for a period of six years.

He was sentenced after admitting to 10 burglary offences in the Ossett area, an offence of Going Equipped for Burglary and Disqualified Driving, between 30 November and 5 December, in which vehicles were taken.

Kaye was arrested on December 5 by officers and swiftly charged.

Sergeant Katie Madden of Wakefield NPT said:

‘We are pleased with the sentence which was handed to Kaye for the burglary offences he committed.’

‘We recognise the distress that offences like this cause to the victims and the community.'

‘Kaye is a prolific offender and I hope this sentence reassured local residents in Wakefield District that we do all that we can to track down and bring perpetrators to justice’

She added: “We always advise residents to be mindful of burglars, like Kaye, who could be operating in communities, particularly during the winter period when nights are longer. Make sure your doors and windows are secure and please do not hesitate to contact us if you spot suspicious activity in your streets.

If something doesn’t look or seem right then we always advise you to call it in on 101. This sort of information is vital in helping us to prevent burglaries and most importantly, to help us keep you and your communities safe.”
