```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Three Convicted Of Murder of Mohammed Feazan Ayaz | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/three-convicted-murder-mohammed-feazan-ayaz
```

Tuesday, 10 March 2020

Three men have today (Tuesday) been convicted of the murder of Mohammed Feazan Ayaz, whose body was found in a Bradford street last July.

Raheel Khan, aged 27, of no fixed address; Robert Wainwright, aged 26, of Mannville Terrace, Bradford; and Suleman Khan, aged 20, of Sandford Road, Bradford were found guilty by a jury at Bradford Crown Court.

They were remanded in custody to be sentenced tomorrow (Wednesday) along with Shaoib Shafiq, 20, of Gladstone Street, Bradford, who was convicted of assisting an offender.

A 17-year-old male who cannot be named for legal reasons was also found guilty of assisting an offender and will be sentenced at a later date.

Stephen Queeney, aged 34, of Junction Row, Bradford and Junaid Hussain, aged 28, of Silverhill Road, Bradford were acquitted of all charges.

Following today’s convictions the family of the deceased have released a statement.

“This outcome has brought our family some closure to what has been a terrible few months for us.

“Feazan thought he was going to Denholme that day to spend some time with people who he considered to be his friends. We don’t believe that he could have possibly known what was to come.

“His death has left a hole in our family and to know his life was taken in such callous and brutal circumstances is even more upsetting.

“We would like to thank West Yorkshire Police for the support they have given us throughout the investigation and also the jury, whose verdicts have helped us to get justice for Feazan.”

Suleman Khan

Robert Wainwright

Raheel Khan
