```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Name Teenager who died in Fatal Road Traffic Collision, Leeds | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-name-teenager-who-died-fatal-road-traffic-collision-leeds
```

**Tuesday 22 December 2020**

Police have named the teenager who died in a road traffic collision in Leeds at the weekend.

17 years-old, Piotr Piekara, died in hospital after the collision on the A64(M), Leeds on Saturday night (19 December).

Piotr Piekara was driving a Ford Fiesta when it left the carriageway and was in collision with a bridge.

Two passengers a 17 and 18 year old male suffered minor injuries. ** **

Pitor Piekara

Piotr's family would like to thank everyone for the thoughts, the prayers and the love which they have shown towards them during this difficult time

Officers would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or who saw the vehicle prior to the collision to come forward.

Officers are keen to speak to anyone who might have dashcam footage of the incident.

Information can be given via 101 or using the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log 1904 of 19 December.

**Sunday 20 December 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenager died in a road traffic collision in Leeds.

Officers were called to the entry slip road on the A64(M) Leeds at 9.30pm yesterday evening.(19 December)

A Ford Fiesta left the carriageway and was in collision with a bridge.

The driver a 17 year old male was taken to hospital and died from his injuries.

Two passengers a 17 and 18 year old male were taken to hospital but have since been discharged.

Officers would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or who saw the vehicle prior to the collision to come forward.

Information can be given via 101 or using the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log 1904 of 19 December.
