```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Renewed Car Appeal Over Missing Leeds Man Ian Kowalczyk | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/renewed-car-appeal-over-missing-leeds-man-ian-kowalczyk
```

**Thursday, April 1, 2021**

Police searching for Leeds man Ian Kowalczyk have made a renewed appeal for information after his car was seen on CCTV in the Pudsey area on the day he went missing.

His silver Kia Ceed estate, registration RJ12HNK, was picked up passing a CCTV camera in Troydale Lane at 10:11am on Friday, March 26.

His silver Kia Ceed estate in Troydale Lane, Pudsey

He had last been seen near to his home in Stanningley shortly before 10am that day. CCTV showed him visiting a local shop.

Ian Kowalczyk on the morning he went missing

He is described as white, 5ft 11ins tall, slim build, with short brown hair that is starting to go grey. He was last seen wearing a padded camouflage coat, blue jeans, brown Sketchers trainers and a black beanie hat with yellow company logo on the front.

Detective Inspector Kevin Daly, of Leeds District CID, said: “Ian has been missing for nearly a week now and we remain very concerned for his welfare and are continuing to do everything we can to find him.

“The CCTV of his silver Kia Ceed being driven along Troydale Lane on the morning he went missing is the most recent sighting we have and we would like to hear from anyone who has seen Ian or his car in that area at any point since.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101 quoting log 2069 of March 26 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

* * *

**Tuesday, March 30, 2021**

Missing: Ian Kowalczyk

Officers searching for a missing man from Leeds are appealing to people in the Ripon area of North Yorkshire for any recent sightings.

Ian Kowalczyk, aged 56, has links to the village of North Stainley and it’s possible he may have travelled there.

He was last seen near to his home in Stanningley, Leeds, shortly before 10am on Friday, March 26, and officers have been unable to establish his whereabouts since then.

He was driving a silver Kia C'eed estate, registration RJ12HNK (which is pictured on CCTV on a previous occasion).

He is described as white, 5ft 11ins tall, slim build, with short brown hair that is starting to go grey. He was last seen wearing a padded camouflage coat, blue jeans, and brown Sketchers trainers.

Detective Inspector Michael Herbert, of Leeds District CID, said: “Ian has been missing for five days now and we remain very concerned for his welfare and urgently need to find him.

“His family believe he could have travelled to the village of North Stainley where he has past connections. We would like to hear from anyone who may have seen him in that area or the silver Kia Ceed he is driving.

“We have no information to confirm that he is there and would still like to hear from anyone who has seen him or his car anywhere else since he went missing.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101 quoting log 2069 of March 26 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

* * *

**Monday, March 29, 2021**

Missing Ian Kowalczyk's silver Kia Ceed

Police have released an image of the car used by a missing man from Leeds, as officers continue to search for him.

Ian Kowalczyk, aged 56, was last seen near to his home in Stanningley shortly before 10am on Friday, March 26.

He was driving a silver Kia C'eed estate, registration RJ12HNK (pictured here on CCTV on a previous occasion).

He is described as white, 5ft 11ins tall, slim build, with short brown hair that is starting to go grey. He was last seen wearing a padded camouflage coat, blue jeans, and brown Sketchers trainers.

Detective Inspector James Entwistle, of Leeds District CID, said: “We continue to have serious concerns for Ian’s welfare and would like to hear urgently from anyone who has seen him or his car at any point since he went missing.”

Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101 quoting log 2069 of March 26 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

* * *

**Saturday 27 March 2021**

Missing: Ian Kowalczyk

Police are urgently appealing for anyone who sees a missing Leeds man to get in contact

Ian Kowalczyk, 56, of Stanningley was last seen at 1030am yesterday (Friday 26 March)

He is described as white, 5’11” tall and with short brown hair (starting to go grey). He is of slim build and has a tattoo of Axe Men on both arms.

When last seen he was wearing a padded camo coat over a jumper and jeans.

It is understood that Ian was driving a silver Kia Ceed Estate model with the registration RJ12 HNK. Any information about this vehicle please contact police.

Anyone who sees Ian is asked to call police on 101 quoting log 2069 of Friday 26 March.
