```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Jailed For Ramming Males Off Motorbike, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-jailed-ramming-males-motorbike-huddersfield
```

**Monday 15 June, 2020**

Kirklees Police have warned of the dangers of becoming involved in gang crime after a man was jailed for running down rivals who were carrying a gun.

Thomas Patrice (35) of Epsom Grove, Halifax, was jailed for nine years at Leeds Crown Court on Monday June 15 after being found guilty of dangerous driving and attempted section 18 grievous bodily harm offences on a man and a youth on a motorcycle in an incident on Norwood Road, Huddersfield on May 24 last year.

Thomas Patrice

The two males he struck, Harrison Coates (19) of Burbeary Road, Huddersfield and a 15-year-old youth, were sentenced in March 2020 after both pleading guilty to possession of a firearm which they dropped when Patrice drove into the bike they were riding.

Kirklees Police mounted a widespread investigation into the incident which did not result in either of the bikers being seriously injured.

Officers also recovered a handgun and ammunition from the scene of the incident.

The sentencing follows on from a number of months of activity to combat gang related crime in Kirklees with partner agencies.

Senior Investigating Officer Detective Superintendent Jim Griffiths of Kirklees CID, said: “I welcome the sentencing of Patrice for the offences committed on these males on Norwood Road on that day in May.

“Coates and the 15-year-old man were very lucky not to have been seriously injured if not killed following the attack on them by Patrice.

“Deliberately ramming the two males with a car was an outrageous act and we are very pleased he has been jailed.”

Harrison Coates

He added: “This case as a whole reflects the huge danger of becoming involved in criminal gang related activity. Being part of an organised criminal gang very much makes you a target for rivals and could result in you being put at serious risk of harm, as seen here.

“We have been working very hard with our partners to understand and tackle this kind of offending in the District and are seeing people responsible for these offences put before the courts.

“Work has also been ongoing in schools and through engagement with young people to identify where friends or family may have been exploited into becoming involved in gangs. There is help available wherever this may become an issue and anyone with any information should contact the Police or other partner agency that will be able to assist.

“We are also continuing to work with the independent Crimestoppers charity to campaign about the dangers of becoming involved in this type of activity and calls to them will be anonymous so it is another opportunity to tell somebody about concerns.”

Harrison Coates was sentenced to five years in custody for possession of a firearm in March 2020 while the 15 year old was given a youth referral order.
