```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: "Leeds Man Admits Money Laundering and Hands Over More Than \xA3330k | West Yorkshire Police"
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/leeds-man-admits-money-laundering-and-hands-over-more-ps330k
```

**Tuesday 23 March 2021**

A Leeds man who admitted money laundering offences has had over £330,000-£335,000 of criminal proceeds confiscated – and been sentenced to 4 years 9 months in prison.

Kane Dacosta, 29, Leeds, was released from prison on licence on 30 July last year after serving a sentence for drugs offences and money laundering.

And he was arrested again on 23 September 2020 by Programme Precision officers on suspicion of money laundering and possession of a mobile phone in prison.

He was subsequently charged and remanded into custody for offences relating to the purchase of one high value vehicle, having the mobile phone in prison and in respect of property recovered from his house.

He was recalled to prison and admitted the offences on 29th October 2020

And today (23 March) he was sentenced at Leeds Crown Court for his role in the offences – as well as having a total of £335,000 worth of assets seized.

The total includes over £200,000 worth of jewellery, £94,644 worth of vehicles, more than £34,000 in clothing, nearly £19,000 in footwear.

> **Ramona Senior is in charge of the Force’s Economic Crime Unit.**
>
> “Through Programme Precision we have continued to pursue Dacosta and today he is not only facing up to a considerable amount of time in prison but also seeing his ill-gotten gains taken away from him.
>
> “Through Programme Precision the Force is working with partners to target serious and organised crime and those responsible for it.
>
> “Today’s sentence and confiscation shows that we will bring offenders to justice and ensure their ill-gotten gains are taken from them.”

Confiscation hearing timetable has been set and will take place at a later date. The high value items and the vehicle has been forfeiture and will be sold.
