```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Increased Police Presence To Reassure Community Following Disorder In Halton Moor, Leeds. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/increased-police-presence-reassure-community-following-disorder-halton-moor-leeds
```

**Monday, November 9, 2020**

An increased police presence is being maintained in the Halton Moor area of Leeds as an investigation continues into incidents of disorder over the weekend.

Two men, aged 18 and 48, and a 14-year-old male remain in custody after being arrested on suspicion of violent disorder in connection with the incidents, and enquiries are ongoing to identify further suspects.

At about 7.30pm last night (8/11) police vans were targeted with bricks and fireworks when a large crowd gathered around the junction of Rathmell Road and Ullswater Crescent.

Public order units were deployed to the area to disperse the group and make arrests, resulting in the 48-year-old man being detained.

At about 9.30pm a member of the public’s car was set on fire in Kendal Drive and public order units were deployed to the area to disperse a crowd that had gathered and support the fire service who extinguished the vehicle, which was recovered.

Shortly before 11pm a garden fence at a house in Rathmell Road was set on fire and officers were deployed to support fire service colleagues at the scene.

This followed incidents on Saturday evening where a large group of youths caused damage to a car and a house in Kendal Drive.

Objects were thrown at officers and vehicles resulting in two officers being hit but not injured and three vehicles damaged.

Public order units were deployed to the area to disperse groups of youths during the evening and maintained a visible presence in the area to deter any further incidents.

Detectives from Leeds District CID are carrying out a comprehensive investigation of the weekend’s incident, which includes a full analysis of all available CCTV and footage from officers’ body-worn cameras.

Chief Superintendent Damien Miller, Leeds District Commander, said: “The behaviour witnessed in this part of Halton Moor over the weekend was truly disgraceful, and I know the majority of the community will be as appalled as we are about what occurred.

“We recognise the understandable concerns that these incidents will have caused to people living there, and officers will be maintaining a visible presence in the area over the coming days to reassure the community.

“At the same time, detectives are carrying out detailed and comprehensive enquiries to identify those involved in these incidents so they can be subject to robust action that sends a very clear message about how unacceptable behaviour such as this is.

“We know that Halton Moor is somewhere with a strong identity and strong sense of community spirit and we will be continuing to work alongside community representatives and our partner agencies, particularly the local authority and local elected members, to see that is remains a safe place.

“I would also encourage anyone in the community who has information that could assist the investigation to support our work and pass that on.”

Anyone with information, particularly any relevant mobile phone or dashcam footage, is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101

quoting Operation Digpark reference 13200559871 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
