```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Update: Murder Investigation Launched, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-murder-investigation-launched-bradford-0
```

**Friday, 19 June 2020**

Police have named the man who died following an altercation in Bradford on Tuesday (17 June).

Carl Anthony Victor, who was 43 and from the city, was pronounced dead a short time after he was given medical assistance following an incident in Grattan Road on Tuesday afternoon.

Two men aged 45 and 51 arrested in connection with Mr Victor’s death have been released under investigation as the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team (HMET) continue enquiries.

A 31-year-old man who was also arrested has been released without charge.

The family of Mr Victor have today released a short statement:

“We are devastated by Carl’s death. He was a loving son, brother and father, and will be missed by everyone who knew him.

“We would like to thank our family and friends for their support at this sad time and would also ask for privacy as we try to come to terms with our loss.”

Anyone with information which may assist HMET can contact the team on 101 or via the West Yorkshire Police website.

The log reference is 1283 of 16 June.

Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers.

**Thursday 18 June 2020**

A 31 year old man has been released with no further action and a 45 year old man and 51 year old man have been released under investigation.

**Wednesday, 17 June 2020**

Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man in Bradford.

At around 4.50pm yesterday (Tuesday) police attended Grattan Road, where the ambulance service were giving medical assistance to an injured man in his forties.

He was pronounced dead a short time later.

Following enquiries three men aged 31, 45 and 51 have been arrested on suspicion of murder. All remain in custody today.

The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team are continuing to investigate the man’s death and the circumstances around it.

Detective Superintendent Mark Swift, said:

“We believe the deceased was involved in an altercation outside Grattan Road Studios earlier in the day and would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident, or who may have information about those involved.”

Anyone with information which may assist can contact the team by calling 101 or using the West Yorkshire Police website.

The log reference is 1283 of 16 June.

Information can also be reported anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers.
