```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Jailed for Sexual Abuse in Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-jailed-sexual-abuse-bradford
```

Tuesday 3rd November 2020,

A Bradford man has been jailed for sexual abuse of a child under 16.

Ahmed Thakar, 64, of Cleckheaton Road, in Bradford appeared before Bradford Crown Court yesterday (2 November) after pleading guilty last month to two offences of sexual activity with a girl under 16.

Thakar was sentenced to a total of 5 years and four months imprisonment.

An investigation into Thakar’s offending began in 2017 after his victim disclosed the offences to a social worker.

During the investigation police discovered that he had gained the trust of his victim and began sexually abusing her.

When examining phone records of Thakar and police uncovered almost 14,000 messages exchanged between Thakar and his 15-year-old victim.

Detective Inspector Janet Little, who led the investigation, said:

“Thakar committed some serious sexual offences against his victim and has received a prison sentence which has reflected the nature of his offending against a young and vulnerable girl.

“All reports of sexual abuse are treated very seriously and investigated thoroughly by specially trained officers and we would always advise victims to come forward and report any offences to allow us to seek justice for them.

“Anyone who has been a victim of sexual abuse is urged to come forward and speak to police via 101.”
