```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Police Urge Huddersfield Residents To Keep Reporting Crime | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-urge-huddersfield-residents-keep-reporting-crime
```

**Wednesday 1 April 2020**

Police in Huddersfield have urged sharp eyed residents to keep reporting suspicious behaviour, after quick thinking in communities led to quick arrests by officers.

Officers from the Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team have thanked house holders for their diligence after officers out on patrol were able to attend and make arrests following reports of crimes in progress.

Between March 27 and March 30 police attended at two address in the Dewsbury area and one in Huddersfield after residents rang in to say they believed they had witnessed break in’s.

Police attended and following enquiries, arrested three men in connection with the reports and recovered a quantity of suspected stolen property.

Inspector Graham Dyson of the Huddersfield NPT, said: “We continue to target and patrol areas where we believe that offenders are active and ensuring we have officers in the right area at the right time has undoubtedly played a part in these arrests.

“However, I also have to applaud the witnesses who have acted swiftly to assist officers, not only being vigilant for their neighbours and community but also taking decisive action to ring Police and assist officers on their arrival.”

He added: “The day to day support that we receive from our communities is paramount to ensuring that we identify incidents early so we can get officers into the area quickly to locate and arrests offenders in the act.

“Once we have that initial response and investigation from our officers, Detectives can then start to pull investigations together resulting in offenders being charged and put before court.

“This is and will always be a partnership approach between the Police, communities and other partners. I would encourage anyone who has information regarding offences to contact the police on 101 or 999 for offences in progress. Information can also be passed anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111."

************

****
