```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Violent Disorder, Peel Square, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-violent-disorder-peel-square-bradford
```

**Thursday 3 September, 2020**

Detectives investigating violent disorder in Bradford this week have made a further arrest in connection with the incident.

Emergency services were called at 22:09 on Tuesday 1 September, to reports of an ongoing fight between a group of males armed with weapons at Peel Square in the city centre.

Police can now confirm that evidence and damage caused to nearby vehicles was consistent with a firearms discharge.

Three men were taken to hospital for medical treatment following the incident. Their injuries are described as serious but not life threatening.

Another man aged 43, from Bradford was arrested overnight in Leeds, in connection with the incident. Three men aged 22, 28 and 45, all from Bradford were arrested previously and all four remain in custody at this time.

A number of weapons were recovered from the scene yesterday. A police cordon remains in place at the scene whilst enquiries continue.

> Detective Chief Inspector Marc Bowes of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team, said: “We can now confirm following our enquiries yesterday that there was evidence that a firearm was discharged during the incident.
>
> “We believe that this was a planned and targeted attack and there is no risk to the wider public. We understand that incidents such as this cause considerable concern in the community but I want to reassure residents that we are treating this extremely seriously and will continue to have high visibility patrols in the area.
>
> “Three men were seriously injured as a result of the disorder and four males are currently in police custody whilst our investigation continues.
>
> “I would urge anyone who has any information about the incident to come forward and speak to the police to assist with our enquiries.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any further information is asked to contact the police via 101 quoting crime reference number 13200440388 or via the West Yorkshire Police website

Information can also be passed to independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111

=====================================================================================================

**Wednesday 2 September, 2020**

Detectives are investigating following violent disorder in Bradford last night.

Police were called at 22:09 on Tuesday 1 September, to reports of an ongoing fight between a group of males armed with weapons at Peel Square in the city centre.

There was damage caused to nearby vehicles during of the incident.

Three men were taken to hospital to be treated for their injuries, none of which are life threatening.

Three men aged 22, 28 and 45, all from Bradford have been arrested in connection with the incident.

A large police cordon is currently in place in the city centre whilst enquiries continue.

> Detective Chief Inspector Marc Bowes of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team, said: “This was a serious incident in a public place in the city centre of Bradford. Three men were injured as a result of the incident and there was also damage caused to cars in the area.
>
> “Our investigation continues to establish the circumstances of the incident and there will be a cordon in place for most of today which officers examine the area and also review CCTV.
>
> “High visibility patrols will be deployed to the surrounding area as reassurance for local residents.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any further information is asked to contact the police via 101 quoting crime reference number 13200440388 or via the West Yorkshire Police website

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
