```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Force Urges Be Safe On The Phone While Staying At Home | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/force-urges-be-safe-phone-while-staying-home
```

Friday, 27 March 2020

West Yorkshire Police are once again warning people to be on their guard against phone scammers.

It comes after police in Bradford received a crime report where a man in his seventies fell victim to a cold caller, who claimed to be from the National Crime Agency (NCA).

The caller told the pensioner he had been a victim of fraud and, after getting him to log into his online banking, asked him to send a large amount of cash through the post to two addresses in Bradford, as well as to addresses outside the UK.

The pensioner received the contact through an automated call, which claimed to be from Amazon Prime.

PC Toni Hinnells, of Bradford District CID, said:

“We recognise a lot of people will be staying at home right now due to the coronavirus outbreak, so we want people to be on their guard against these kind of scams.

“The NCA would never ask you to send money through the post, nor ask you to use online banking to transfer funds.

“Never disclose personal or banking information on a cold call. If you are unsure please end the call and report the matter to Action Fraud or to your bank.”

If you are in any doubt as to the identity of an NCA officer, please call the NCA Control Centre on 0370 496 7622 (available 24/7).

Action Fraud are the national reporting centre for all reports of fraud in the UK. All reports of fraud should be made to Action Fraud, either online at www.actionfraud.police.uk/report_fraud or by calling 0300 1232040 (calls charged at local rates).
