```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Police Issue New Appeal To Locate Potential Witness: Serious Sexual Assault, Woolley Wakefield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-issue-new-appeal-locate-potential-witness-serious-sexual-assault-woolley
```

**Thursday December 31, 2020**

Detectives are urging a car driver who may hold important witness information about a Christmas Eve sexual assault in Woolley, near Wakefield, to come forwards

Wakefield District CID are continuing to investigate and appeal for witnesses to a serious sexual assault on a lone female on Wolley Edge Lane, Wolley which took place between between 10.00pm and 10.50pm on 24 December.

They are particularly keen to speak to a man who was driving along Woolley Edge Lane with two children in the car and who may have seen the victim trying to flag him down.

Officers believe the man may have important information as a witness.

The incident occurred after the lone adult female victim was approached by a male and subjected to a sexual assault.

A member of the public reported a suspicious incident and on Police arrival, officers found the victim and came to her aid.

The woman suffered minor injuries and was left very distressed by the incident.

The suspect is described as a white male, around 5’10ft - 6ft4 tall, around 35 years old, stocky build, short hair, spoke with a Yorkshire accent and was smoking a cigarette.

Detective Inspector Kristy Wright of Wakefield District CID said: “We are continuing to investigate this serious incident and have been conducting a number of enquiries in the Woolley area.

“Our team remain very keen to identify and speak with a male driver who the victim has described trying to flag down and we would urge him to contact us.

“I must stress that we are seeking to speak with him as a witness, as due to his presence in the area at the time, it is possible he may have information which could assist us.

“We also continue to appeal for anyone else who could assist us, including drivers vehicles travelling through the village at the time to contact us.’

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Wakefield District CID on 101 or use the live chat facility at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log 1691 of 24 December.

Information can also be given anonymously to the Independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________-

**Friday December 25, 2020**

Detectives are appealing for witnesses to a serious sexual assault in Woolley on the outskirts of Wakefield.

Wakefield District CID are appealing for information which took place sometime between 10pm and 10.50pm last night (24 December) on Woolley Edge Lane.

It occurred after the lone adult female victim was approached by a man and subjected to a sexual assault.

A member of the public reported a suspicious incident and on Police arrival, officers found the victim and came to her aid.

The woman suffered minor injuries and was left very distressed by the incident.

The suspect is described as a white male, around 5’10ft - 6ft4 tall, around 35 years old, stocky build, short hair, spoke with a Yorkshire accent and was smoking a cigarette.

A scene is on whilst police carry out enquiries.

> **Detective Inspector Kristy Wright of Wakefield District CID said:**
>
> ‘We are conducting a number of enquiries into this serious incident and specially trained officers are supporting the victim who has been left very shaken by what’s happened.
>
> ‘I am appealing for anyone who was in the Woolley area last night who may have seen a woman in distress.
>
> ‘I am keen to speak to a man who was driving along Woolley Edge Lane with two children in the car, who may have seen the victim trying to flag him down.
>
> ‘There may have also been vehicles travelling through the village at the time and it’s possible someone may have seen the suspect or captured footage on a dashcam which could assist the investigation.’

Anyone with any information is asked to contact Wakefield District CID on 101 or use the live chat facility at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log 1691 of 24 November.

Information can also be given anonymously to the Independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
