```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Appeal After Taxi Driver Injured By Stone-Throwing Youths, Leeds. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-after-taxi-driver-injured-stone-throwing-youths-leeds
```

**Friday, November 6, 2020**

Detectives are appealing for information after a taxi driver was injured by youths throwing rocks and stones at passing vehicles in Leeds last night.

At 6.44pm last night (5/11) police began to receive calls reporting a large group of youths on a field next to the A64 York Road and its junction with Moresdale Lane that were targeting vehicles.

The driver of a taxi reported being hit on the head by a brick thrown through the front passenger window of his car.

He lost consciousness and was taken to hospital by ambulance for treatment. His injuries were found not to be as serious as first thought and he was later discharged.

There were also reports of four to five vehicles, including a bus, being damaged, and a female passenger in another taxi received minor injuries after a stone was thrown at the vehicle she was travelling in.

The road was closed and the scene was subject to forensic examination, and detectives from Leeds District CID are carrying out enquiries to identify those responsible.

Detective Inspector Guy Shackleton said: “We are treating this incident very seriously and are carrying out extensive enquiries to identify those involved.

“It is very clear that their completely mindless actions could have had far worse consequences.

“We would like to hear from anyone who saw this group of youths in the area or who has any information that could assist in identifying them.”

Inspector Jodie Scatchard, who heads the Leeds East Neighbourhood Policing Team, said: “We are liaising with local councillors and private hire drivers’ representatives to reassure them following this incident, which we fully appreciate will cause them understandable concerns.

“This type of criminal and anti-social behaviour is completely unacceptable and presents obvious dangers to drivers, passengers and other road users.

“We remain committed to working closely alongside our partner agencies and the taxi operators and bus companies to do everything we can to tackle these issues.

“Officers have been working with Leeds Anti-Social Behaviour Team over recent months and have issued prohibition notices to a number of local youths banning them from this area.

“We will continue to work proactively to identify anyone involved in these types of offences and take appropriate action against them.

“We will also be continuing our work with schools and youth organisations to get across how dangerous stone throwing incidents are and the serious consequences that can result from this type of behaviour.”

Anyone with any information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101 quoting crime reference 13200555218 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
