```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Serious Collision, Ovenden Road, Halifax | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-serious-collision-ovenden-road-halifax
```

**Thursday 20 August 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Halifax earlier this morning.

Western Area Roads Policing Officers would like to speak with anyone who saw or has information about the incident which took place on Ovenden Road, Halifax at about 2.15am today (Thursday August 20) and resulted in serious injuries to a 13-year-old male.

The incident occurred after a silver Vauxhall Meriva car was in collision with a barrier on the road.

A 13-year-old male who was a passenger in the car received serious injuries and was taken to hospital where he remains today.

Subsequent enquiries identified that the vehicle had been taken without consent and another four other males present in the car aged 13, 14, 15 and 15, have been arrested in connection with the matter. All are in police custody this morning.

Road closures were put in place while investigation work was carried out at the scene and the vehicle was recovered.

PC Andy Richardson of the Roads Policing Unit, said: “This has clearly been a serious incident which has resulted in a child receiving some significant injuries.

“A full investigation into the circumstances of what took place is underway and we are continuing to speak with four males who have been arrested in connection with the incident.

“We would appeal for anyone who saw the collision, or the Meriva being driven on Ovenden Road beforehand, or who has dashcam footage, to contact the Western Area Roads Policing Unit.”

Anyone who has information or dashcam footage is asked to contact PC 137 Good at the Western Area Roads Policing unit on 101 referencing police log 139 of August 20.

Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat
