```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Six Men Sentenced To Combined 55 Years For Child Sexual Abuse In Huddersfield Area | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/six-men-sentenced-combined-55-years-child-sexual-abuse-huddersfield-area
```

**Monday November 4, 2019**

Six men have been sentenced to a combined total of 55 years in prison after being convicted for a catalogue of serious sexual offences committed against three victims of historic child sexual abuse.

These vulnerable victims were all targeted by these individuals and subjected to serious sexual abuse as children between 2005 and 2008 in the Huddersfield area.

Banaris Hussain (36) Umar Zaman (31) and Samuel Fikru (31) stood trial with three other men, who cannot be named for legal reasons.

Banaris Hussain

Umar Zaman

Six defendants were found guilty by a jury on October 24 following a six week trial at Leeds Crown Court.

The full sentences were:

Banaris Hussain, 36, of William Street, Crosland Moor, Huddersfield, was sentenced to 10 years after being found guilty of one count of rape.

Umar Zaman, 31, of William Street, Crosland Moor was sentenced to eight years in custody after being found guilty of two counts of rape;

Samuel Fikru, 31, of HMP Armley, was sentenced to eight years after being found guilty of two counts of rape;

A 38-year-old man, from Huddersfield, was sentenced to seven years after being found guilty of one count of attempted rape;

A 32-year-old man, from Huddersfield, was sentenced to eight years after being found guilty of one count of rape;

A 32-year-old man, from Huddersfield, was sentenced to 14 years in custody after being found guilty of four counts of rape and one count of rape of a girl under 13.

Detective Chief Inspector Richard McNamara, of Kirklees District Safeguarding Unit, said: “We welcome the sentencing of these six men for offences which can only be described as depraved.

“These individuals sexually abused three vulnerable young girls and the sentences reflect the dreadful nature of what they have done.”

“We hope that seeing these men put behind bars, following the guilty verdicts last month at Leeds Crown Court, will be a source of some comfort for these brave and courageous victims as they continue to come to terms with the dreadful experiences they suffered. The key focus now is to ensure they receive continued access to specialist help and support.”

“Can I take this opportunity to appeal to anyone who has been a victim of child sexual abuse to come forward and contact the Police or our Safeguarding partners in order that we can investigate, safeguard and work towards securing justice for you.”
