```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Aggravated Burglary, Southfield Road, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-aggravated-burglary-southfield-road-bradford
```

**Tuesday 1 December, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in Bradford overnight.

Officers were called at 22:05 on Monday 30 November to reports of four masked male suspects broke into a house on Southfield Road, armed with a machete.

The suspects threatened the occupants of the house and demanded money.

They fled the house without taking anything and got into a red VW Golf and drove off in the direction of Mayo Avenue.

No one was injured during the incident.

> Detective Inspector Damian Roebuck, of Bradford District Crime Team, said: “This was a terrifying incident for the occupants of the house, but thankfully no one was injured.
>
> “Our investigation is in its early stages but I would like to appeal to the public if they have any information about this incident to come forward and assist with our enquiries.
>
> “We are particularly interested to hear for anyone who has any information or CCTV of the red VW Golf linked to this incident.”

Anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area or has any further information is asked to contact Bradford DCT via 101 quoting crime reference number 13200600276 or online via the West Yorkshire Police website.

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
