```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Stolen High Peformance Sports Car Recovered In Major Batley Road Safety Drive | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/stolen-high-peformance-sports-car-recovered-major-batley-road-safety-drive
```

Thursday 20 January 2020

A Porsche worth £150,000 was recovered by police less than 24 hours after it was stolen as part of major operation to make roads safer in Batley.

Officers from the Batley and Spen Neighbourhood Policing Team have said more operations are planned after stopping over a hundred cars as part of two day multi agency road safety drive.

Police and partners mounted two days of action on Wilton Park on January 16 and 24 as part of continued action to deter speeding, driving without a seatbelt and take unsafe and unlicensed vehicles off the roads.

Batley and Spen Officers issued six tickets including for mobile phone use and a car having no MOT.

A Porsche 911 high performance sports car which was reported stolen in a burglary in the Leeds District during the evening of January 23 was located by officers in the area and recovered.

Another car was seized after it was determined the driver was disqualified from driving.

Meanwhile, Kirklees Council Taxi Licensing checked a total of 47 cars and suspended the licences of six for breaches. A number of minor vehicle defects were also identified.

Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) officers also checked 60 vehicles and gave prohibition notices to 11 persons for issues such as handbrake problems and un-roadworthy tyres.

Partners involved in the operation included West Yorkshire Police SRANS units, the DVSA, Kirklees Taxi licensing, DVLA and Road fuel control officers

Sergeant Charlotte Nicholls of the Batley and Spen NPT, said “We have had some very successful results from these traffic operations and endeavour to continue conducting them in a number of different locations.

“We continue to work towards targeting the Fatal 4- namely the four factors that contribute towards road traffic collisions and serious injury.

“These are speeding, drink /drug driving, mobile phone use and driving without a seatbelt.

She added: “Whilst some drivers were not happy to be stopped it is our priority as a local policing team to ensure the roads are safer for our community.

“The majority of drivers were friendly with one lady even bringing some biscuits to thank us!

“I also want to extend my own thanks to colleagues from SRANS and partners who came out in force to support us on both days.”

*Two men aged 38 and 45 were arrested in connection with the stolen Porsche and have been released under investigation. “
