```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Given Further 8 Years in Prison After Making More Than 3,500 Calls to A Teenage Girl | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-given-further-8-years-prison-after-making-more-3500-calls-teenage-girl
```

**Wednesday 14 October, 2020**

A man who made more than 3,500 calls to a teenage girl from behind bars has been given further prison time.

Thomas Adams, of Carr Street, Bradford, was sentenced to 8 years in prison and a 5 year extended licence, after he pleaded guilty to charges of engaging in sexual activity, inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and engaging in sexual communication with the teenager at Bradford Crown Court today (14 October).

He will also be a registered sex offender for life.

Adams was arrested in June last year for engaging in sexual activity with the child, who was just 13, when police forced entry to his address and found the teenager in the upstairs bedroom. She had been reported missing just hours before.

Adams was also wanted for unrelated matters, with which he was charged at court and remanded into custody, whilst he remained under investigation for the alleged sexual offences.

In October police were made aware that Adams was still contacting the teenager from prison after her father seized her mobile phone.

Adams had provided prison staff with a false name for the teenager when her number was listed an approved contact.

Audio call records were obtained from the prison service and it was established that the girl he was communicating with was the teenager.

In February of this year, prison staff searched Adams’ cell and found a phone charger, photos of the girl, and a phone book with her contact numbers in it.

A segregation cell he had been placed in was also searched which led to the discovery of a smashed up mini mobile phone that had been hidden within the pipework of the cell.

Telephone evidence showed that in a little over six months whilst he had been detained in prison, Adams had made 3,506 calls to the girl. There were also 12,975 texts between them.

> Investigating Officer Stuart Lyons of Bradford Safeguarding Department, said: “The content of the calls made by Adams could best be described as extremely disturbing. He was abusive, threatening and coercive in his continued sexual exploitation of the child.
>
> “He lied to prison staff about who he was talking to and when confronted he tried to dispose of the evidence by smashing up his mobile phone and hiding it in the pipework of his cell.
>
> “I hope the sentence he has received today will be of some comfort to the child and her family.
>
> “It shows that we will take action with partners to stop vulnerable young people being groomed and exploited, even when the predators are safely behind bars.”
