```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Woman Jailed for Possession With Intent to Supply Class A and B Drugs in Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/woman-jailed-possession-intent-supply-class-and-b-drugs-bradford
```

**Wednesday 9 December, 2020**

A Bradford woman has been jailed for five years for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs.

Jane Bateman, 30, of Clervaux Court, Bradford was charged with possession with intent to supply cannabis and cocaine on the 20 December 2019 following a full investigation.

Bateman pleaded guilty to being in possession of cannabis with intent to supply but denied supplying cocaine.

Following a trial, she was found guilty of possessing cocaine with intent to supply.

On 20 December 2018 a warrant was executed at Chervaux Court in Clayton, Bateman was aggressive to attending officers and threatened them with a knife. She was arrested at the scene and a large amount of cocaine was seized at the property.

Today (9 December) she appeared at Bradford Crown Court and was sentenced to five years for possession with the intent to supply Class A drugs and a further 18 months for possession with the intent to supply Class B drugs.

Programme Precision officers worked closely with NPT officers during this investigation and continues to work with neighbourhood teams to tackle serious and organised criminality in Bradford.

> Detective Chief Inspector Andy Farrell, said: “We welcome the sentence that has been handed down to Bateman today.
>
> “As part of this operation, officers received vital intelligence from the community and acted upon this and executed a search warrant at Bateman’s address.
>
> “During a search of the property, a large amount of Class A drugs was discovered and seized as part of the investigation.
>
> “The supply of illegal drugs fuels crime and anti-social behaviour in our communities and damages and destroys the lives of those who take them and their families. We remain firmly committed to doing everything we can alongside our partner agencies to tackle the issue and keep people safe.
>
> “Information from the community continues to play a vital role in the success of this work and we would urge anyone who knows anything that could assist us to get in touch, anonymously if needed via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
