```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Appeal Over Firearms Discharge, Norman Lane, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-over-firearms-discharge-norman-lane-bradford
```

**Saturday, October 10, 2020**

Police are appealing for information following a firearms discharge in Bradford last night.

At 10:13pm, officers were called to an address in Norman Lane where the occupants had reported hearing two loud bangs and finding damage to their front door. No-one was injured.

Armed officers were deployed to the scene to safeguard the occupants.

The damage has been confirmed as being consistent with a shotgun discharge.

A scene is currently in place to undergo forensic examination and searches. High visibility patrols are being carried out in the area to provide reassurance.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe said: “The criminal use of firearms on our streets will always cause understandable concern in the community and I would like to reassure people that we are treating this incident very seriously and carrying out extensive enquires to identify those responsible.

“We would like to hear from anyone who witnessed the incident or who has any information that could assist the investigation, which is being led by specialist detectives from West Yorkshire Police’s Firearms Prevent Team.

“The same address was the subject of a similar discharge incident in August and we are looking into any links between the incidents.

Anyone with information is asked to contact officers via 101 quoting crime reference 13200507365 or online via www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat

Information can also be given anonymously to the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
