```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Proactive Operation In Leeds Targets Domestic Abuse Suspects. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/proactive-operation-leeds-targets-domestic-abuse-suspects
```

**Tuesday, March 16, 2021**

A special operation targeting suspects wanted over domestic abuse incidents and other crimes in Leeds has seen nine people arrested.

Yesterday’s initiative involved around 40 staff and was aimed at giving a boost to the work officers in Leeds District carry out each day to track down those wanted for domestic abuse and serious acquisitive crime offences.

Offences that suspects were arrested on suspicion of included domestic assault, stalking and breach of restraining orders. Other offences included thefts and assault.

Of the six men and three women arrested, two were charged to appear at court, three transferred to court on warrants, one released on conditional bail and one remains in custody. Two others were released without charge.

The operation took place during this week’s National Police Chiefs’ Council Response Policing Wellbeing & Recognition Week, which recognises and celebrates the work of Response officers.

The majority of the extra staff involved were Response officers from Patrol Team 2, supported by colleagues from the district’s Domestic Abuse Team, Specials, Custody, Prisoner Handling and Operations Hub.

The day also saw officers from the Roads Policing Unit carrying out proactive work across the district to improve road safety and disrupt criminality.

Their activities targeted roads in Harehills, Seacroft, Burmantofts, Richmond Hill, East End Park, Austhorpe, Churwell and Morley, and dealt with 21 offences including no insurance, seatbelt and mobile phone offences, and vehicle defect issues.

As a result of enquiries carried out throughout the day, officers also submitted 21 intelligence reports, including a number in relation to domestic violence, drugs, weapons and wanted persons.

Temporary Inspector Mike Middleton, who led the operation, said: “This day of action was a really useful opportunity for us to give some extra support to the district’s daily business with an increased focus on tracking down those suspects wanted over domestic abuse offences and other priority crimes.

“It also gave an opportunity for our roads policing colleagues to help improve road safety in local ‘hotspot’ areas and deny criminals use of the roads.

“This additional proactive work achieved some significant results which directly support the district’s ongoing efforts to keep our communities safe.”
