```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Updated : Seven Men Now Jailed for More Than 63 Years for Sexually Abusing Girls in Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/updated-seven-men-now-jailed-more-63-years-sexually-abusing-girls-huddersfield
```

**Wednesday 19 February 2020**

Seven men have been jailed for a combined 63 and a half years after being sentenced for the sexual abuse of two girls in Huddersfield.

The men were sentenced today (19 February 2020) at Leeds Crown Court following a trial relating to the sexual abuse of two girls in the Huddersfield area between 1995 and 2011.

His Honour Judge Marson described the men's actions as disgusting and degrading and stated the sentences were severe to discourage others from behaving in such a fashion.

Those convicted at court were:

Usman Ali (34) of Park Drive, Huddersfield, who was sentenced to eight years in custody after being found guilty of two offences of rape against one victim

Usman Ali

Gul Riaz (43) of Balmoral Avenue, Huddersfield, was sentenced to 15 years after being found guilty of an offence of rape and two indecent assaults against one victim and a rape offence against the other.

Gul Riaz

Banaras Hussain (39) of Scarborough Road, Shipley, was sentenced to nine and a half years after being found guilty of an offence of rape against one victim.

Banaras Hussain

Abdul Majid (36) of Lightcliffe Road, Huddersfield was sentenced to 11 years after being found guilty of two offences of rape against one victim.

Abdul Majid

A 36-year-old Huddersfield man was sentenced to eight years after being found guilty of an offence of rape against one victim.

A 30-year-old Huddersfield man was sentenced to four years after being found guilty of an offence of rape against one victim.

A 37-year-old Huddersfield was sentenced to eight years on February 20 after being found guilty of an offence of rape against one victim.

The victims, who were not known to each other, were aged just 13 and 14 when they first separately came to the attention of men who began to prey on them.

DCI Richard McNamara of Kirklees District, West Yorkshire Police said: “The sentences handed down to these men today reflect the depravity of their actions and I hope it will bring some comfort to their victims to see them jailed.

“Their actions in targeting and sexually abusing these very young and vulnerable girls were utterly despicable and I am very pleased the courts have recognised this and put them behind bars for a number of years.

“Operation Tendersea should send a very clear message that the Police and our Partners at Kirklees will not hesitate to pursue those who sexually abuse children and we will do all we can to seek justice for the victims, no matter when, or how long ago the abuse took place.

“I would urge anyone who may have been the victim of child sexual abuse in Kirklees or elsewhere who has not contacted us to come forwards.”
