```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Firearms Discharge, Gomersal, Kirklees | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-firearms-discharge-gomersal-kirklees
```

**Monday January 4, 2021**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a suspected firearms discharge at a property in Gomersal.

Officers from the Force Precision Firearms Investigation and Prevent Team would like to speak to anyone who has information about the incident which took place during the evening of Sunday 3 January at a property on Moor Lane.

Kirklees police were called at about 7.30pm to reports the window of a house had been damaged and a loud noise had been heard.

Specialist officers attended and following examination of the scene, it is believed the damage was caused by a firearm.

No-one was hurt in the incident.

Detective Superintendent Jim Griffiths of Kirklees District Police, said: “All firearms incidents are treated extremely seriously by Kirklees Police and a full investigation is ongoing today into what took place on Moor Lane.

“Fortunately no-one was hurt although the very serious potential consequences for this sort of behaviour hardly need to be spelled out.

“Residents should not have to put up with this sort of activity in their neighbourhoods and I would ask anyone who has information about this suspected discharge or who saw suspicious activity on the street just before or after it took place to get in touch.

“Information can be passes anonymously to the Investigation team or Kirklees CID on 101 or online at www.westyorkshire.police/101livechat

“It can also be given anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
