```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Update: More than 100 Vehicles stopped during Operation Tramline | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-more-100-vehicles-stopped-during-operation-tramline
```

**Wednesday 10 February 2021**

109 vehicles were stopped during Operation Tramline last week for committing a number of road traffic offences.

The five day operation in West Yorkshire is part of a national joint initiative between police forces and Highways England.

Patrols were carried out on the M62, M1 and A1.

32 people were found to be using their mobile phone behind the wheel or not being in proper control of the vehicle. All were reported for a traffic offence.

30 people were stopped for offences linked to the other fatal 4 factors which included no seatbelt and 1 driver was arrested for drug driving.

2 vehicles were deemed unroadworthy and 17 vehicles committed offences such as having no valid MOT or had vehicle defects.

> Sergeant Steve Suggitt from the Roads Policing Unit said:
>
> ‘Our aim is to make the Motorway network safe for all road users. Driver inattention remains a key contributor to the cause of serious collisions occurring on our roads.
>
> ‘The focus of our operation was to observe and deal with those drivers seen to be distracted whilst driving.
>
> ‘During our week long operation, we are still shocked by the number of drivers who are prepared to take risks when driving a vehicle, including operating/using a mobile device. Please leave your devices out of reach and check your social media, text messages etc, once your journey has come to an end, when it is safe to do so.'

West Yorkshire Police will be supporting the National Police Chief’s Council using a mobile phone whilst driving enforcement campaign this month.

The force will again use the **#WYPTheCost** campaign highlighting the cost of driving whilst using a mobile phone.

**Monday 1 February 2021**

Drivers are being warned that if you’re not watching the road, then officers in West Yorkshire might be watching you.

Starting today (Monday, 1 February), West Yorkshire Police officers are out on the county’s roads in an unmarked HGV (Heavy Goods Vehicle) filming the driving habits of other road users. The five day operation in West Yorkshire is part of Operation Tramline, a national joint initiative between police forces and Highways England.

> Sergeant Steve Suggitt, of the Roads Policing Unit for West Yorkshire said:
>
> “Being in a HGV means we can not only see the car driver checking the latest message on their mobile, but we are also on the same level as other HGV drivers and can see if their attention is diverted from the road.
>
> "The elevated position of the HGV cabs allows us to drive alongside vehicles to film any unsafe driver behaviour taking place.
>
> "Officers will be targeting people who use their mobile phones behind the wheel but will also look at a range of driving offences from insecure loads to speeding.
>
> "The consequences of taking your eyes off the road, even for a matter of seconds, can be devastating, and we will be doing everything we can to educate road users throughout the week."

Highways England Regional Road Safety Co-ordinator for Yorkshire and North East, Sarah Watson-Quirk added:

“The vast majority of drivers who use our roads every day are sensible and safe behind the wheel but there are some who are putting themselves and others at risk by simply ignoring the law.

“That’s why we are working with our police partners to tackle dangerous driving such as illegally using mobile phones, not wearing seatbelts or driving with unsafe loads.

“We hope this operation will encourage all motorists to think about their driving.”
