```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: West Yorkshire Police Response to National Crime Statistics | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/west-yorkshire-police-response-national-crime-statistics
```

Friday 17 July 2020

Recorded crime is still falling across the county with a 2.6 per cent reduction in offences in West Yorkshire in 2019/20 – around 7,600 fewer victims.

Latest statistics released today by the Office for National Statistics show that West Yorkshire Police has bucked the national trend – a 1.4 per cent increase - to record a reduction in crime.

Significant reductions were reported in offences including robbery (down 14.9%), vehicle crime (down 8.6%) and violence with injury (down by 7.2%). The positive downward trend in residential burglaries also continued in 2019/20 with the Force reporting a 17.1% reduction, meaning 3,250 fewer homes were burgled during the year.

West Yorkshire Police Chief Constable John Robins QPM said: “I am very pleased with the reductions in crime and thank all our officers, staff and volunteers for their hard work and dedication, alongside our partners for their help and support.

“Our local communities can be reassured that these reductions are an accurate picture of crime across our county, as a result of our determined focus and efforts to ensure crime is recorded accurately and appropriately. Our approach to crime data integrity has already earned us an ‘Outstanding’ grading from Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Service (HMICFRS).

“Accurate crime statistics allow us to really understand the demands we face enabling us to deploy and prioritise resources to ensure the maximum possible impact. This is important because of the changing nature of the challenges we face with crime continuously evolving, increasing in complexity and occurring in environments which are often hidden or unseen by the public.

“We continue to ensure that our response to crime is focused upon victims, witnesses and the most vulnerable people in our communities. Given this I am particularly pleased with our recent improvements in victim satisfaction which have achieved their highest ratings since 2017.”

Mr Robins added: “These reductions were in the main before the impact of the Coronavirus pandemic. The Coronavirus pandemic and the lockdown period has impacted on the number of crimes recorded since March 2020, and now as the crisis eases the number of offences recorded are returning to pre-pandemic levels.

“I remain really proud of the tireless work by my officers, staff and volunteers to reduce crime, to help people and to safeguard local communities during these unprecedented times and am pleased and grateful for the public’s ongoing support of West Yorkshire Police.”
