```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Serious Road Traffic Collision Leeds Road Killinghall Road, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-serious-road-traffic-collision-leeds-road-killinghall-road-bradford
```

**Monday 23 November, 2020**

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision last week in Bradford.

Officers were called to Leeds Road at 2.30pm on 19 November to reports a pedestrian had been in collision with a vehicle on Leeds Road at the junction with Killinghall Road.

A grey Hyundai I30 was turning right from Killinghall Road onto Leeds Road when it was in collision with a pedestrian.

The 52-year-old pedestrian sadly died at the weekend as a result of his injuries.

Officers are still continuing to appeal to anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward or anyone who may have dash cam footage of the collision.

Information can be given via 101 or www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log 872 of 19 November.

========================================================================================================

**Thursday 19 November 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses after a serious road traffic collision in Bradford.

Officers were called to Leeds Road at 2.30 this afternoon (19 November) to reports a pedestrian had been in collision with a vehicle on Leeds Road at the junction with Killinghall Road.

A grey Hyundai I30 was turning right from Killinghall Road onto Leeds Road when it was in collision with a pedestrian.

The pedestrian a 52 year old man was taken to hospital in a serious condition.

Officers would like to appeal to anyone who witnesses this incident to come forward or anyone who may have dash cam footage of the collision.

Information can be given via 101 or www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting log 872 of 19 November
