```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Sentence Increase Over Leeds Carnival Weekend Murder. | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/sentence-increase-over-leeds-carnival-weekend-murder
```

**Thursday, March 18, 2021**

A man jailed for murder over the stabbing of a man during Leeds carnival weekend has had his prison sentence increased following a hearing today at the Court of Appeal.

Beni Nami, aged 20, and Hussein Semusu, aged 21, were previously sentenced to life with minimum terms of 20 years and 16 years respectively for the murder of 21-year-old Tcherno Ly in Chapeltown on Sunday, August 25, 2019.

Beni Nami

Hussein Semusu

Mr Ly died from a single stab wound to the chest after being attacked at the junction of Chapeltown Road and Button Hill.

Tcherno Ly

Nami and Semusu were convicted of murder after a trial at Leeds Crown Court which concluded in December last year.

An application was subsequently made that the sentences were unduly lenient and the Attorney General’s Reference was heard at the Court of Appeal this morning (18/3).

The court quashed Semusu’s previous sentence and increased it to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 19 years. Nami’s original sentence remained unchanged.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe, of West Yorkshire Police Homicide and Major Enquiry Team, said: “Tcherno Ly’s life was brutally cut short when he was stabbed to death in a street busy with people celebrating the carnival weekend.

“His family have been left absolutely devastated at his death in such sudden and violent circumstances.

“No amount of time in prison could ever truly compensate them for their loss but we hope the increase in Semusu’s sentence will more accurately reflect the seriousness of his actions and the pain he and Nami have caused to Tcherno’s family.”
