```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Further appeal into Serious Collision, Barewell Hill, Hemsworth | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/further-appeal-serious-collision-barewell-hill-hemsworth
```

**Tuesday 18 August 2020**

Police would like to make a further appeal in relation to a road traffic collision in Hemsworth on Saturday 15 August.

At around 12.45am on Saturday, a black Peugeot 206 and a grey Toyota Avensis were in collision on Barewell Hill.

The Peugeot was travelling on Robin Lane, turning right onto Barewell Hill, while the Toyota was on Barewell Hill travelling towards Barnsley Road.

Road traffic officers would like to speak to the driver of a dark coloured Land Rover who may have witnessed the collision or was driving in the area at the time.

The 17 year old man who was a passenger in the Toyota remains in hospital at this time in a critical but stable condition.

Three people arrested have been released under investigation.

Anyone with information is asked to please contact PC 2180 Walkin of the Eastern area Roads Policing Unit on 101 or use the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting crime reference 13200410141

**Saturday 15 August 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Hemsworth in the early hours of this morning (15/08).

At around 12.45am, a black Peugeot 206 and a grey Toyota Avensis were in collision on Barewell Hill.

The Peugeot had been travelling on Robin Lane, turning right onto Barewell Hill, while the Toyota was on Barewell Hill travelling towards Barnsley Road when they were in collision.

A 17 year old male, who was a passenger in the Toyota, remains in hospital with serious injuries.

Three people travelling in the Peugeot have been arrested in connection with the incident.

Officers are appealing for anyone who has information about the collision or witnessed either vehicle driving in the area prior to the collision.

They would also like to speak to anyone who may have dashcam footage capturing the collision or the moments before it.

Anyone with information should contact the Roads Policing Unit using the 101 online chat service, quoting reference number 13200410141.
