```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Two Men Sentenced for Murder of Paul Ackroyd, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/two-men-sentenced-murder-paul-ackroyd-bradford
```

**Friday 26 February 2021**

Two men have been convicted for the murder of a Bradford man in Manningham.

On 23 February 2019, a man was found with head injuries in Jinnah Court, Manningham.

Paul Ackroyd, 37 was pronounced dead at the scene.

Alex Bates, 19, of Eastfield Gardens, Bradford and Rashpal Singh Gill, 40, of Manningham Lane were found guilty of murder by a Jury at Bradford Crown Court yesterday (Thursday 25 February).

Alex Bates

Rashpal Singh Gill

Mohammed Jawaid Khan, 53, of Jinnah Court, Bradford was found guilty of assisting an offender.

Mohammed Jawaid Khan

Bates and Khan also plead guilty to conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and Gill admitted being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs before the trial started.

Alex Bates was sentenced to 16 years and Rashpal Singh Gill 13 years for murder.

Khan was sentenced to 4 years for both offences.

* * *

> Detective Chief Inspector Sharron Kaye, of Protective Services Crime, who led the investigation, said:
>
> “We welcome the sentences handed out today for the murder of Paul Ackroyd”
>
> “I hope today's outcome will be of some comfort to the victim’s family and will give them some closure”
>
> “I hope this serves as a reminder that we will do everything we can to bring offenders to justice and provide support to families of victims.”
