```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Update: Police Continue to Appeal A Robbery, Wellington Street in Bingley | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-police-continue-appeal-robbery-wellington-street-bingley
```

**Friday 11 September, 2020**

Police are continuing to appeal for information after an attempted robbery, which occurred on Wellington Street in Bingley on 12th June this year.

At around 23:25pm in the evening, two teenagers are believed to have followed a 35-year-old man from a train before assaulting him, dragging him to the floor and taking his mobile phone.

He did not suffer serious injuries, but was left shaken by the attack.

A 15-year-old male has been arrested on suspicion of robbery and has been released under investigation.

The other suspect is described as white, with a pale complexion, wearing grey jogging bottoms and a top. He also has short brown hair.

Police are appealing to public to help trace the second suspect.

Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 13200294712 or Crimestoppers in confidence via 0800 555 111.

========================================================================================================

**Saturday 18th July 2020**

Police are appealing for information as to the identity of two males following an attempted robbery, which occurred on Wellington Street in Bingley on 12th June 2020.

At around 23:25pm in the evening, two teenagers are believed to have followed a 35 year old man from a train before assaulting him, dragging him to the floor and taking his mobile phone.

He did not suffer serious injuries, but was left shaken by the attack.

Various CCTV enquiries have taken place to locate those responsible, however, officers are now calling on the public to assist in tracing them.

One of the men is described as white, with a pale complexion, wearing grey jogging bottoms and a top. He also has short brown hair.

Any witnesses or anyone with information is asked to contact the non-emergency number 101 quoting reference 13200294712 or Crimestoppers in confidence via 0800 555 111.
