```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Two Men Jailed as Part of a Large-Scale Drug Dealing Operation in Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/two-men-jailed-part-large-scale-drug-dealing-operation-bradford
```

**Friday 18 December, 2020**

Two men have been jailed as part of a large-scale drug dealing operation in Bradford.

Hamza Shakeel

On 26 November, Hamza Shakeel, 24, of Kimberley Street, Bakthyar Ali, 24, of Gladstone Street, pleaded guilty to drugs offences.

Bakthyar Ali

Between February and July 2019, undercover officers bought Class A drugs from dealing lines which operated in the area of the Barkerend corridor into Bradford City Centre.

Local residents and business owners had made long standing complaints of the criminal activity in the area, which resulted in outbreaks of violence that saw firearms discharges and violence which were believed to be connected to a large-scale drugs operation.

The officers engaged with 18 different dealer lines buying Class A drugs from 65 identified offenders.

Also during the arrest phases, drugs were also seized which total value came to £23,000.

A total of 65 offenders were charged in connection with this investigation and have been jailed for over 161 years. The convictions were passed to offenders who operated at different levels in the network, from the street dealer to those who controlled the phone lines, handled the money and arranged larger weights for sale.

There are three further males awaiting sentencing as part of this investigation.

Today (18 December), both appeared at Bradford Crown Court and were sentenced to the following:

 * Hamza Shakeel was sentenced to five years four months.
 * Bahthyar Ali sentenced to three years three months.

> Detective Inspector Matt Walker, who led the investigation, said: “The sentences passed by the Bradford Crown Court show that we are determined to continue the fight against those who seek to profit from the vulnerability of others.
>
> “The supply and use of illegal drugs can have a devastating impact on our communities, not just to the individuals who take them but to countless others in the wider community who suffer as a result of drug-related crime and anti-social behaviour.
>
> “These men have been brought to justice as part of a major crackdown on the supply of drugs in the Bradford District, which was led by specialist officers from the Programme Precision team.
>
> “We remain firmly committed to keeping our communities safe and making use of every available resource to target those involved in the organised supply of drugs.
>
> “Information from the community plays a vital role in the success of this work and we would urge anyone who had any information to assist us to contact the police or if preferred anonymously via Crimestoppers.”
