```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: New Arrests Made In Ongoing Murder Investigation: Ripon Avenue, Fartown, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-new-arrests-made-ongoing-murder-investigation-ripon-avenue-fartown-huddersfield
```

**Wednesday 30 December 2020**

Detectives investigating the murder of Jamal Nedd in Huddersfield have made more arrests in connection with the case.

A 35-year-old Huddersfield man was arrested on suspicion of murder this morning (30 December) as enquiries continue into the shooting of Jamal in a firearms discharge on 19 December.

Two women and a man were also arrested with the 35 year old, and are being held in custody on suspicion of assisting an offender.

Jamal (26) from Fartown died as a result of what detectives believe was a targeted shooting on Ripon Avenue at about 21.09 on December 19.

The latest arrests follow the previous arrest of six men for murder and the arrest of a 24-year-old woman for assisting an offender. The six men were released on bail pending continuing enquiries, and the woman was released under investigation.

Officers continue to appeal for information and witnesses and anyone who can assist the enquiry is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 or use the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting crime reference 13200634445.

Information can also be given anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

**Tuesday 22 December 2020**

Four More Arrests After Murder in Huddersfield

Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Huddersfield have arrested four more people.

The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident which took place around 21.09 at Ripon Avenue, Huddersfield on Saturday 19 December.

Jamal Nedd 26, from Fartown died on Saturday night.

Three men aged 39, 31, 27 have all been arrested on suspicion of murder and 24 year old woman for assisting an offender. All four remain in Police custody at this time.

Two other men arrested earlier in the week remain in Police custody with a 36 year old man has been released without charge.

Anyone with any information or who witnesses anything suspicious last night in the Fartown area is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 or use the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting crime reference 13200634445

Information can also be given anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111

_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

**Monday 21 December 2020**

Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Huddersfield have arrested two more people.

The Homicide and Major Enquiry Team would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident which took place around 21.09 at Ripon Avenue, Huddersfield on Saturday 19 December.

Officers are carrying out a number of enquiries today and neighbourhood policing teams will be increasing patrols in and around the Fartown and surrounding areas.

A 26-year-old man was taken to hospital after being shot in a car on Ripon Avenue but died a short while later.

Today ( 21 /12) a 41-year old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender.

A 28-year-old man who was arrested yesterday on suspicion of murder, remains in police custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Marc Bowes of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team said:

“A number of active enquiries are ongoing today regarding what has clearly been a very serious incident, resulting in the murder of a 26-year-old man.

“We do believe this was a targeted attack on the victim and are continuing to hold three men in custody for questioning regarding the case.

“I am very much continuing to appeal for information and witnesses as we investigate what took place and we would ask anyone who can assist our enquiries who may not yet have come forwards to do so.”

He added: “NPT officers have been conducting extra patrols in the local area as they would do after any very serious crime of this nature and we can reassure residents that we do think this was an isolated incident.”

Anyone with any information or who witnesses anything suspicious last night in the Fartown area is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 or use the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting crime reference 13200634445

Information can also be given anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Sunday 20 December 2020**

Police have launched a murder investigation in Huddersfield after a man died last night (19 December.)

Officers were called to Ripon Avenue, Fartown at 21.09 to reports a man had been injured in a shooting.

A 26 year old man was taken to hospital but died a short while later.

A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in Police custody at this time.

A number of roads are closed in the area whilst Police carry out extensive enquiries.

Neighbourhood Policing patrols have been stepped up in the area.

Anyone with any information or who witnesses anything suspicious last night in the Fartown area is asked to contact the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team via 101 or use the contact us options at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/contactus quoting crime reference 13200634445

Information can also be given anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111
