```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Residents Urged To Beware Of Noise Insulation Burglary Scam, Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-residents-urged-beware-noise-insulation-burglary-scam-huddersfield
```

**Monday 12 October, 2020**

Police in Huddersfield are advising residents to be wary after a heavily pregnant woman stole from a victim after conning her way inside a home.

Kirklees CID are investigating and appealing for witnesses to the incident which took place at a house on Manchester Road, Milnsbridge, between 8pm and 8.30pm on Saturday October 10.

It took place after the female victim answered the door to a caller claiming to be from ‘Yorkshire Gas and Water’ who said she was selling noise reduction materials for windows

The victim let the suspect into her house and then let her use the bathroom. She later realised the woman had stolen items from her purse including a small amount of cash, and asked her to leave.

The suspect was described as white, heavily pregnant, and had blonde hair tied in a bun at the top of her head.

She was wearing a black jacket and a pair of black leggings and wore a lanyard with sunflowers on it.

Detective Sergeant Pete Usher, of Kirklees CID, said: “This was a nasty offence in which the suspect has tricked her way into the victim’s home and thoroughly taken advantage of her good nature.

“We would urge residents to be way of this scam and ask anyone approached by a woman matching the suspect’s description in similar circumstances to contact the police.

“We would always advise residents that you are under no obligation whatsoever to let any ‘cold caller’ into your home. If anyone claims to be from an official body such as a local authority, gas or water provider, they will carry photo ID and have a number you can ring to check their credentials or use to arrange another appointment.”

He added: “Anyone who has information about this offence or the suspect is asked to call Kirklees District CID on 101 referencing crime number 13200508599.

“Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat or anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
