```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: "Police Horse &#039;Trots&#039; into Retirement after 11 years\u2019 Service | West Yorkshire Police"
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/police-horse-trots-retirement-after-11-years-service
```

**Thursday 17 September 2020**

Police Horse Breeze is hanging up his ‘hooves’ after 11 years’ service with West Yorkshire Police.

PH Breeze came to West Yorkshire police in 2010 as an 11 year old. The force paid £4,500 for him.

PH Breeze has been deployed to nearly every community across the county as well as mutual aid to other forces.

He’s taken part is more than 2000 deployments.

PH Breeze was at Leicester Football Club when the helicopter crashed, he was also with PH Bud when he was famously punched outside Newcastle football ground.

Breeze with the Mounted Section

> Inspector Nicola Brown of the Mounted Section said:
>
> ‘PH Breeze has been a reliable, brave and solid horse for West Yorkshire Police over his 11 years with us.
>
> ‘He’s taught many new riders into the Mounted section and also helped many new horses settle into the section.
>
> ‘PH Breeze has seen it all, he’s been deployed to protest, concerts and football matches. He was a firm favourite a Leeds United over the years.
>
> ‘The whole team here at Mounted are going to miss him dearly.
>
> ‘We wish him all the best as he retires to a farm in Derbyshire where he will be getting a well-earned rest!’

West Yorkshire Police are looking for a new horse to join the Mounted Section.

Mounted section

Breeze with hay

Breeze heading into the rainbow
