```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: '*UPDATE* Murder Investigation, Airedale Road, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-murder-investigation-airedale-road-bradford
```

**Thursday 3 December, 2020**

Detectives investigating the murder of a man in Bradford have charged a man.

The incident happened on Monday 30 November and officers were called to a house on Airedale Road and found a man with serious head injuries.

Santokh Singh, 59 was pronounced dead at the scene.

Last night, police charged Phillip Badwal, 24, of Airedale Road, with his murder.

He will appear at Bradford Magistrates Court this morning.

=========================================================================================================

**Wednesday 2 December, 2020**

Detectives investigating the murder of man in Bradford have released his identity.

Officers were called at 8:40am on Monday 30 November to reports of an assault at a property on Airedale Road.

A man was found with serious head injuries and pronounced dead at the scene.

The victim can now be named as Santokh Singh, also known as Charlie, aged 59.

A post mortem examination was carried out yesterday (1 December) and concluded he died from significant head injuries.

A 24-year-old man remains in police custody as enquiries continue.

========================================================================================================

**Tuesday 1 December, 2020**

Detectives are continuing to question the man arrested yesterday in connection with the murder of a man in Bradford.

Officers were called at 8:40am yesterday (30 November) to reports of an assault at a property on Airedale Road.

Emergency services attended and found a man aged 59, with a serious head injury.

He was pronounced dead at the scene.

A 24-year-old man was arrested yesterday and remains in police custody at this time.

A scene is still in place at the house today whilst officers continue with forensic examination of the area.

Enquiries remain ongoing.
