```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Update: Officers Appeal To Trace Taxi Driver Who Witnessed Collision in Midgley | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-officers-appeal-trace-taxi-driver-who-witnessed-collision-midgley
```

**Thursday 13 August 2020**

Police are appealing to trace a witness to a collision, which happened in the Midgley area of Wakefield on Thursday 4 August.

The collision happened on the A637 Bar Lane between Flockton and Midgley, Wakefield at around 10.15pm, and was involving a silver BMW 1 series car and a silver Toyota RAV4.

Officers would like to speak to a Taxi driver who was driving in the area at the time of the collision.

There are no further details known about the vehicle other than it is a taxi, but it is believed the driver may have been a witness to it.

Anyone who can assist the enquiry is asked to please contact PC Bastow of the Eastern Roads Policing Unit based at Carr Gate, Wakefield on 101, referencing collision 13200391512.

**Thursday 6 August 2020**

Roads policing officers are appealing for witnesses following a serious collision in the Midgely area of Wakefield.

The Eastern Roads Policing Unit would like to speak to anyone who has information about the incident which took place on the A637 Bar Lane between Flockton and Midgely, Wakefield, at around 2215 hours on Tuesday 4th August 2020.

It occurred after a silver BMW 1 Series car and a silver Toyota RAV4, which were travelling in opposite directions, collided with each other.

A woman in the BMW suffered serious but none life threatening injuries as a result of the collision and was taken to hospital for treatment.

Officers investigating the incident would like to speak to anyone in the area at the time who may have witnessed the collision or seen the cars involved just beforehand.

They would also like to speak to anyone who may have dashcam footage of the collision.

Anyone who can assist the enquiry is asked to please contact PC 6 Bastow of the Eastern Roads Policing Unit based at Carr Gate, Wakefield on 101, referencing collision 13200391512.

** **

** **
