```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Bradford Sports Masseur Jailed for Two Counts of Sexual Assault | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/bradford-sports-masseur-jailed-two-counts-sexual-assault
```

**Tuesday 2 March, 2021**

A Bradford sports masseur has been jailed for 12 months for sexual assault.

Peter May, 62, of Pickles Lane, Bradford, has appeared at court to be sentenced for sexual assault of two women.

In 2018, the police were approached by his first victim who disclosed some offences. May was arrested and questioned by police.

A second victim came forward to say that she had been assaulted in 2013 by May during a routine massage.

He was charged by police for three counts of sexual assault.

In December, following a six-day trial, May was convicted by a jury of two counts of sexual assault.

Today (2 March) May was sentenced at Bradford Crown Court to 12 months in prison for each of the two offences which will be served concurrently.

> Detective Sergeant Chantel Markham, of Bradford District Safeguarding Unit, said: “We welcome the lengthy prison sentence which has been handed down to May. He worked throughout the Bradford District as a sports masseur and was well known in the area.
>
> “His victims bravely came forward to the police to report the offences and also gave evidence at court during the trial.
>
> “Anyone who has been the victim of a sexual assault or abuse, they are encourage to come forward and speak to the police. We have specialist safeguarding units in Bradford and West Yorkshire. You will be listened to and supported.”
