```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Teenager sentenced for burglary offences, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/teenager-sentenced-burglary-offences-bradford
```

Wednesday, 6th January, 2021

A Bradford teenager has been sentenced to over three years after pleading guilty to a number of burglary offences.

The 15-year-old, appeared at Leeds Crown Court on Monday (4 January) for sentencing and received three years and two months in a Young Offenders Institute.

On 19 November 2020, the defendant broke into a property in Buttershaw and confronted the female homeowner asking for her car keys and threatened her with a knife that he had taken from her kitchen. She refused and he fled the scene.

On the same date, there was another attempted burglary in the same area in Buttershaw where he attempted to break into another property but was unsuccessful.

The teenager appeared at court on 23 November and pleaded guilty to both offences.

Detective Sergeant Richard Thornton, of the Bradford District Crime Team, said: “We are pleased with the result from court and the sentence which has been handed down by the judge.

“I hope this sentence provides reassurance to the local communities in Bradford that we take all burglary offences seriously and we have set up a dedicated team to tackle these offences. Burglaries can cause considerable distress and anxiety to the victims who are affected.”

“Anyone who has information about crime in their area is urged to contact the police via 101 or online on the 101 LiveChat facility. Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
