```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Man Jailed For Life For Murder Of Stephen Freeman, Dewsbury | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/man-jailed-life-murder-stephen-freeman-dewsbury
```

**Thursday November 26, 2020**

A Dewsbury man who murdered a male he was staying with in a sustained attack has received a life sentence.

Craig Midgely (40) from Dewsbury was found guilty at Leeds Crown Court today ( Thursday November 26) of the murder of Stephen Freeman (54) in an assault last December.

Craig Midgely

He was sentenced to 18 years in prison minus 354 days already served in prison.

Police were called to the Moorside End address during the afternoon of December 5 2019 by the ambulance service, who had found Mr Freeman who had suffered serious injuries.

The 54-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene.

A post mortem revealed he had suffered multiple injuries to his head and body in what was described in court as a sustained and violent assault.

Midgley was arrested at the scene of the incident by attending officers.

The court heard that Midgley launched the attack on Mr Freeman after accusing him of stealing property.

Senior Investigating Officer DCI Emma Winfield of HMET, said: “Stephen Freeman was a frail and vulnerable man who lost his life as a result of a truly brutal and sustained assault by Midgely who he thought of as a friend.

“I am pleased we have been able to secure justice for Stephen and for his friends and acquaintances and hope they will find some closure from seeing Midgely found guilty and sentenced today.

“The level of the injuries he inflicted on this poor man speak volumes regarding his character and our streets are undoubtedly safer with Midgely behind bars for many years to come. “
