```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Firearms, Class A Drugs and Ammunition Seized During Intelligence Led Operation in Bradford | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/firearms-class-drugs-and-ammunition-seized-during-intelligence-led-operation-bradford
```

**Tuesday 6 October, 2020**

An intelligence led operation in Bradford last week saw a number of firearms, Class A drugs and ammunition seized by officers.

On 1 October last week, officers attended a property on Short Row, Low Moor in Bradford following on from intelligence about cannabis cultivation at the address.

When searching the property, police found 7 firearms, a knife, a significant amount of ammunition, Class A drugs and cannabis.

Six people were arrested in connection with the investigation, three women aged between 23-33 and three men aged between 28 and 34.

All six have been released on bail.

The Programme Precision team in Bradford led the operation and their enquiries remain ongoing.

> Detective Chief Inspector Andy Farrell, said: “Last week the team removed a number of firearms and drugs from the streets of Bradford. This was an intelligence led operation and our investigation remains ongoing.
>
> “The discovery of firearms or any weapons will understandably be concerning and particularly for the local community, but I would like to reassure residents we have removed these items and there will continue to be patrols in the area to provide support and reassurance.”

Anyone who has any information on criminality in their area, is urged to contact the police via 101 or via https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101LiveChat

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
