```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Urgent Police Warning After Vials with Bleach in them Stolen | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/urgent-police-warning-after-vials-bleach-them-stolen
```

Police in Bingley have issued an urgent warning after vials with bleach in them were stolen during a burglary on York Crescent.

The incident happened between 0120am and 0200am on Tuesday 23 March.
Numerous items were stolen during the burglary including prescription medication but of most concern are two vials taken.
A total of four were stolen – two of which containing morphine were unopened – but the other two had bleach in them to disinfect them.
The vials (similar example pictured) are described as 300ml clear glass bottles with a white child proof screw cap top.
Each bottle is labelled with the prescription printed on the label along with, it is believed, the manufacturer’s name ‘Wockhardt UK Ltd’
Inspector Phil Dodsworth of Bradford District Police, said:
“Our enquiries into the burglary remain ongoing but we are urgently appealing to anyone who may be offered these vials not to do anything with them.
“Our concern is that someone may seek to inject themselves with the bleach believing it to be morphine. But the consequences of doing that could be life threatening.
“I would urge anyone who has these vials or is offered them not to do anything with them – the contents could be deadly.
“If you are offered them please call police immediately on 999 quoting reference 13210146881.”
