```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: First Police Constable Degree Apprentices Start Training at West Yorkshire Police and Leeds Trinity University | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/first-police-constable-degree-apprentices-start-training-west-yorkshire-police-and
```

**Wednesday 15 July 2020**

Nearly 80 new Police Constable Degree Apprentices have started their training for West Yorkshire Police this week, with recruitment due to open again later this month.

The 78 apprentices are paid Police Officers from day one and will be educated and mentored by experienced officers at West Yorkshire Police’s Learning and Development Centre at Carr Gate, Wakefield, alongside studying for a degree with Leeds Trinity University.

Assistant Chief Constable Angela Williams said:

> “A big welcome goes out to our first Police Constable Degree Apprentices who have started their training for West Yorkshire Police. I would like to wish them the best of luck as they take the first steps in their policing journey.
>
> “Working alongside studying for a degree in Policing Studies will no doubt pose some challenges, but it is the best preparation possible for a career as a Police Officer and I hope they enjoy it as much as I have enjoyed the last 29 years.

“There are few professions more rewarding than being a Police Officer and I would encourage anyone who is thinking about applying to keep an eye out for our next recruitment window in the coming weeks.

“We would particularly welcome applications from those from a Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic background as we work to improve our diversity in force and become more representative of West Yorkshire’s communities.”

Professor Ray Lloyd, Deputy Vice-Chancellor at Leeds Trinity University, said: “We have developed a programme of policing that is relevant, inspiring and impactful, and we are proud to be working with West Yorkshire Police and the new recruits.

“Leeds Trinity has always been committed to transforming lives and benefitting our local community, and we are delighted to support the first cohort of Police Constable Degree Apprentices in our region, particularly during such challenging circumstances.

“We wish everyone on the course the best of luck and look forward to working with West Yorkshire Police over the coming years to train the next generation of officers.”

As part of their three-year training programme, Police Constable Degree Apprentices will focus on areas such as being a detective, working within the roads policing unit and learning the skills of neighbourhood policing.

They are paid a full salary while they go through their training, with all university fees paid for by the force’s apprenticeship levy.

Mark Burns-Williamson, West Yorkshire’s Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC), said: “Protecting the frontline is a key commitment of mine so it’s very positive to have 78 new recruits joining West Yorkshire Police.

“This recruitment is in part due to the ongoing support of our communities through the investment I have raised locally via the police element of council tax, so a big thank you to the public of West Yorkshire for playing their part.

“This is a really great opportunity for people of all different backgrounds to pursue a varied role within policing, while being trained and supported to gain a professional qualification at the same time. If you're looking for a job that makes a real difference to people's lives, that you can take pride in and be challenged by, then I would encourage you to apply as we continue to help re-build policing in West Yorkshire.”

Due to the impact of COVID-19, it is anticipated that delivery of the apprenticeship will at Carr Gate initially, but apprentices will attend Leeds Trinity University’s campus in Horsforth later in the programme.

Recruitment will open once again for budding officers to join West Yorkshire Police’s Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship scheme on Monday 27 July. The starting salary for trainee officers is £20,879, which will increase to a minimum of £26,371 after the three-year training has been completed.

To find out more about becoming a Police Officer, visit the West Yorkshire Police website
