```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Update: Demonstration in Centenary Square Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-demonstration-centenary-square-bradford
```

**Monday 29 March 2021**

Four people have today been charged after a demonstration in Bradford on Saturday (27 March)

Four men aged between 35 and 45 were charged with Covid offences

 * 35 year old man from Keighley is charged with holding a gathering of more than 30 persons in a public outdoor area in a Tier 4 area.
 * 41 year old man from Wetherby is charged with participating in a gathering of more than two people in a public outdoor area in a Tier 4 area
 * 45 year old man from Bradford is charged with participating in a gathering of more than two people in a public outdoor area in a Tier 4 area, and;
 * A 39 year old man from Bradford is charged with participating in a gathering of more than two people in a public outdoor area in a Tier 4 area.

They’ll all appear at Bradford Magistrates court on 11 June 2021.

Out of the other people arrested:

 * A man arrested on suspicion of a Public Order offence has been released under investigation.
 * A woman arrested on suspicion of Affray and Assault on emergency worker has been released under investigation
 * A man arrested on suspicion of assault on an emergency worker has been released under investigation.
 * A man arrested on suspicion of affray and assault on emergency worker will receive no further action.
 * A man arrested on suspicion of assaulting an emergency worker has been given a conditional caution.
 * A man and woman were given fixed penalty notices for participating in a gathering of more than two people in a public outdoor place outside the area.
 * A man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit violent disorder has been bailed pending further enquiries.
 * A man arrested on suspicion of violent disorder and assaulting an emergency worker has been bailed pending further enquiries
 * A man arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and obstructing a PC has been bailed pending further enquiries.
 * A man who was arrested with assaulting an emergency worker has been bailed pending further enquiries.

Three people arrested for failing to provide details were issued with COVID fines.

> **Detective Chief Inspector Andy Farrell of Bradford District Police, said:**
>
> “Our investigation doesn’t end with what happened on Saturday – as a Senior Investigating Officer I am leading an investigation and reviewing the evidence obtained during the demonstration.
>
> “On the day a number of people were arrested, and police officers were injured as they helped to keep the people of Bradford safe. Thankfully none of those officers were seriously injured.
>
> “It is important to remember that we remain in the middle of a deadly pandemic and although some of the national restrictions have been relaxed today, public safety is and always will be, our top priority.”

** **
