```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Attempted Arson of 5G Mast, Burnham Avenue, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-attempted-arson-5g-mast-burnham-avenue-bradford
```

**Thursday 26 November, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following an attempted arson of a 5G mast in Bierley.

Overnight on 24 November, there were reports of suspicious activity at the base of the phone mast on fire on Burnham Avenue.

Fire service attended the scene along with police and secured the area.

The mast was not set alight during the incident, but evidence was found of an attempt to do so.

Enquiries are ongoing.

> Detective Inspector Mark Taylor, of Bradford District CID, said: “We are appealing for witnesses to come forward with any information to assist with our ongoing enquiries.
>
> “Any deliberate ignition to these types of masts presents a significant risk to the public and disruption to road networks in the area. In this instance, there was not an ignition, we are taking this incident very seriously and will ensure that robust action will be taken by those responsible.
>
> “We are particularly keen to speak to anyone who was in the vicinity yesterday afternoon and may have witnessed anyone at the scene.
>
> “A scene is currently still in place whilst we examine the area throughout today. I would urge anyone who has any information about this incident to come forward and speak to the police.”

Anyone who witnessed anything suspicious in the area or any further information is asked to contact Bradford District CID via 101 quoting crime reference number 13200590887 or via 101 Live Chat facility https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101LiveChat

Information can also be passed to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
