```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'UPDATE: Firearms Discharge on Coleshill Way, Bradford | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/update-firearms-discharge-coleshill-way-bradford
```

**Wednesday 21 October, 2020**

Detectives have arrested two men overnight connected with the firearms discharge on Coleshill Way in Bradford.

Last night, two men, aged 36 and 44, both from Bradford were arrested by police.

They both remain in police custody at this time.

Enquiries remain ongoing.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or saw anything suspicious in the area, is urged to contact the police via 101 or via the 101 Live Chat facility on the West Yorkshire Police website quoting crime reference number 13200524964.

Information can also be passed to independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

========================================================================================================

**Tuesday 20 October, 2020**

Detectives are appealing for witnesses following a firearms discharge in Bradford in the early hours of the morning.

Police were called this morning (20 October) to reports of criminal damage to the window of a house on Coleshill Way.

Officers attended the address and established the damage was consistent with bullet holes.

A scene is currently in place whilst a forensic examination in undertaken.

Enquiries are ongoing.

> Detective Chief Inspector Vanessa Rolfe, who is leading the investigation, said: “We believe that this was a targeted incident and there is not a risk to the wider public. Our enquiries remain ongoing to establish the full circumstances.
>
> “Incidents involving firearms are understandably distressing to the local communities and high visibility patrols will be deployed into the area today and the following days to provide support and reassurance to residents.
>
> “I would urge anyone who has any information or witnessed anything in the area to come forward to assist with our enquiries.”

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or saw anything suspicious in the area, is urged to contact the police via 101 or via the 101 Live Chat facility on the West Yorkshire Police website quoting crime reference number 13200524964.

Information can also be passed to independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
