```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Anti Social Off Road Riding Could Cost You Your Wheels, Kirklees Police Warn Bikers | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/anti-social-road-riding-could-cost-you-your-wheels-kirklees-police-warn-bikers
```

**Monday 15 June, 2020**

Anti social dirt bike riders have been warned they could be taken off road – permanently- after officers seized nuisance bikes in Kirklees.

Kirklees Police have warned anyone who misuses a motorbike they should be prepared to lose it after seizing four machines amidst an increase in reports of nuisance and illegal riding at parks and beauty spots.

Officers said they had had been targeting patrols in hotspots, such as the Bradley, Newsom and Ashbrow areas of Huddersfield, in response to the recent build up in activity.

One blue off road machine ( pictured below) was seized by police after it was identified as being involved in anti social behaviour on Bradley Park Golf Course.

Riders involved in the anti social behaviour, all of whom have been teenage males, have been issued with Section 59 Fixed Penalty Notices.

Sergeant Rebecca Calpin of Kirklees District Police (partnerships) said: “Anti social off road riding can be both very dangerous for riders and a real source of worry and upset for residents.

> “We have seen an increase in reports of this type of really reckless and irresponsible behaviour during the recent period of good weather with a notable increase of unlawful riding at beauty spots such as Bradley Park Golf Course.

> “This sort of behaviour is completely unacceptable and anyone who thinks it is fine to behave in this way should expect a visit from officers.”

She added: “I want to thank residents who have been reporting these incident to us and would encourage anyone who sees or has information about illegal off road riding to get in touch.

“Knowing where the problems are helps us to target our patrols to try and catch these people in the act and take action against them.”

Anyone who has information about ant social off road riding in their areas in Kirklees can contact their local NPT on 101 or make a report online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat
