```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Quick Thinking Officers Recover Weapon In Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/quick-thinking-officers-recover-weapon-huddersfield
```

**Thursday October 8, 2020**

A dangerous weapon has been taken off the streets of Huddersfield following quick thinking by officers on patrol.

The Huddersfield Neighbourhood Policing Team is now investigating and appealing for information after recovering a large bladed weapon officers found hidden after responding to suspicious activity on Huddersfield Narrow Canal, near Chapel Hill.

Officers had been on patrol in the area on Wednesday ( October 7) when they spotted a group of young people behaving suspiciously.

Police moved in to investigate causing the youths to flee towards the town centre.

The patrol team conducted a thorough search of the area the young persons has been spotted in, and recovered a large weapon from bushes.

The seizure comes as proactive patrolling also continues in Huddersfield and in wider Kirklees by the force’s Operation Jemlock which is working to reducing knife and violent crime.

Operation Jemlock was launched in April 2019 in response to rising violence and knife crime. It was created following a meeting between the Chief Constable, John Robins QPM and the Home Secretary resulting in some specific extra funding to tackle it.

The activity has resulted in hundreds of arrests being made in Kirklees over the past 18 months and the seizure of weapons including knives and replica guns.

Insp Graham Dyson (Huddersfield NPT) said: “Good awareness and reactive policing led our officers to become suspicious of this group and also led to the recovery of this weapon which is now off our streets.

“Enquiries are ongoing to identify those involved in this matter, and my officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have knowledge of the incident and the owner of the machete.

“The carrying of weapons and knives is a very serious matter and we will leave no stone unturned to discover the identity of those involved in this incident.”

“If anyone has any information regarding this incident please contact West Yorkshire Police on 101 quoting crime reference 13200502594.

“Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat or anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.
