```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: "West Yorkshire Police rated \u2018Outstanding\u2019 for efficiency in report out today | West Yorkshire Police"
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/west-yorkshire-police-rated-outstanding-efficiency-report-out-today
```

Friday, 7th February, 2020

Following an independent inspection by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS), West Yorkshire Police has been awarded an ‘outstanding’ grading for efficiency.

HMICFRS published its 2018/19 PEEL (Police Efficiency, Effectiveness and Legitimacy) report today.

The force is considered to be ‘good’ at preventing crime and tackling anti-social behaviour, protecting vulnerable people and tackling serious organised crime.

The force has also seen reductions across a number of crime types since April 2019 (to December 2019). Knife Crime is down by 9.2% (down 12.3% for under 25s), personal robberies involving knives is down 17.4% (down 12.8% for under 25s), all robberies are down 11.8% (down 8.6% for under 25s). Most serious violence is down 6.1% and most serious assaults (Section 18) are down 4.2% for under 25s. Violent offences involving firearms are down 19.7%

In the report West Yorkshire Police has also been awarded an overall ‘good’ grading in the area of legitimacy.

Chief Constable John Robins QPM said

“This positive report is a testament to the hard work of police officers, staff and volunteers across West Yorkshire Police. They have done all they can to tackle crime in recent years, whilst the demand upon them has increased in both volume and complexity. I would also like to acknowledge and thank our partners and the public for their joint support to tackle criminality.

“I welcome the HMICFRS conclusion that ‘West Yorkshire Police is good at reducing crime and keeping people safe’. This is a notable achievement against a backdrop of new and emerging crime types and significant budget reductions.”

West Yorkshire Police, the first metropolitan Force in England and Wales to be rated as Outstanding for its Crime Data Integrity (how it records crime) in a previous 2018 inspection, recently announced a downward trend in crime up to the end of December, with 4,200 fewer victims.

Mr Robins added

“Overall, this is a very encouraging assessment. Whilst we acknowledge and agree with the small number of areas requiring improvement, I would like to reassure the public that we have already taken robust steps to address them. I have been reassured that we have one of the fewest number of recommendations for improvement of any police force in the country. I am committed to continuous improvement and while I am very pleased with today’s grading, my ambition is to improve our performance still further.

“This report is a positive reflection of West Yorkshire Police. Most importantly, it is positive news for the public we serve. We continue to move in the right direction, as we focus on our core roles of reducing crime, protecting the vulnerable and reassuring the public.”
