```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: Seven Men Found Guilty Of Sexually Abusing Victims In Huddersfield | West Yorkshire Police
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/seven-men-found-guilty-sexually-abusing-victims-huddersfield
```

**Tuesday 18 February 2020**

Seven men have been found guilty at court of committing a catalogue of sexual abuse against young girls.

The men were all found guilty today (18 February 2020) at Leeds Crown Court following a trial relating to the sexual abuse of two girls in the Huddersfield area between 1995 and 2011.

The victims, who were not known to each other, were aged just 13 and 14 when they first separately came to the attention of men who began to prey on them.

The men will now face sentencing

Those convicted at court were

Usman Ali (34) of Park Drive, Huddersfield, who was found guilty of two offences of rape against one victim

Gul Riaz (43) of Balmoral Avenue, Huddersfield, who was found guilty of an offence of rape and two indecent assaults against one victim and a rape offence against the other.

Banaras Hussain (39) of Scarborough Road, Shipley, who was found guilty of an offence of rape against one victim.

Abdul Majid (36) of Lightcliffe Road, Huddersfield found who was found guilty of two offences of rape against one victim.

A 36-year-old Huddersfield man who was found guilty of an offence of rape against one victim.

A 37-year-old Huddersfield man who was found guilty of and offence of rape against one victim.

A 30-year-old Huddersfield man who was found guilty of an offence of rape against one victim.

DCI Richard McNamara of Kirklees District Police said: “The men involved in these vile offences have robbed their victims of their childhood and abused them in truly appalling ways.

“During the trial the court heard that one victim came to the attention of her abusers while she was on a paper round, which speaks volumes about the sheer depravity of this case.

“It is difficult to imagine the impact on the victims of the abuse they suffered but it is clear their courage in reporting what was done to them and in supporting the prosecution has helped take some dangerous men off our streets.

“The guilty verdicts today will hopefully be a milestone for them in seeing those responsible begin to pay for what they have done as will the forthcoming sentences of these individuals.”
