```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Commercial Robbery, Crown Point Retail Park, Leeds | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-commercial-robbery-crown-point-retail-park-leeds
```

**Wednesday December 9, 2020**

Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery at Leeds retailer on Tuesday evening.

Leeds District CID would like to speak with anyone who saw or has information about a robbery at a commercial premises on the Crown Point Retail Park on Junction Street in Leeds on Tuesday 8 December.

It took place between 7.26pm and 7.35pm after masked men walked into the premises and then attacked fragrance display cabinets with a crowbar.

The men then grabbed a quantity of perfume before fleeing in a red Vauxhall Grandland and a grey BMW car which were waiting outside.

No-one was injured in the incident although staff were left distressed by what took place.

The men were described as wearing tracksuits and face coverings.

Detective Inspector Guy Shackleton of Leeds CID, said: “We are investigating this robbery which would clearly have been a frightening and upsetting experience for staff members inside, and are appealing for witnesses”.

“We know that up to six suspects were involved in this offence having arrived at the scene in a ‘grey BMW and red Vauxhall Grandland’ and would also like to speak to anyone who saw these cars leaving the retail park.

“Anyone who can assist our enquiries is asked to contact Leeds District CID on 101 referencing crime number 13200614073.

“Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livchat or anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
