```yaml
area: West Yorkshire
title: 'Appeal: Robbery And Car Theft, Dewsbury | West Yorkshire Police'
url: https://www.westyorkshire.police.uk/news-appeals/appeal-robbery-and-car-theft-dewsbury
```

**Wednesday 14 October 2020**

Detectives in Kirklees are appealing for information following a robbery and vehicle theft in an incident at a fishing competition in Dewsbury.

Kirklees CID would like to speak to anyone who witnessed a robbery on Sands Lane in Dewsbury or the victim’s green Land Rover Discovery being abandoned in nearby Clement Terrace in an incident during the day on Tuesday October 6.

It took place after the victim, a 48-year-old man, was approached by another male while fishing in river water off Sands Lane at about 11.45am.

The suspect, who had a Birmingham accent, asked to borrow the man’s jacket to shelter from rain and left the area when the victim refused.

He then returned half an hour later, produced a knife and asked again for the jacket, before grabbing it and making off up an embankment.

The victim gave chase and saw the suspect flee in the scene in his Land Rover Discovery, using keys the 48-year-old had left in his jacket pocket

Police attended and located the victim’s car abandoned on Clement Terrace at about 1.26pm.

The suspect was described as white 5ft 8ins tall and in his early 30s with ginger hair and blonde eye brows.

He was wearing a navy/greyish woolly hat with the hem turned up, a grey/blue hooded top and dark grey jogging bottoms.

 DC Debbie Montgomery of Kirklees CID, said: “This offence took place during a busy time of day and it is possible other persons present at the fishing competition would have noticed the suspect hanging about the area just before the incident took place, especially given his accent and unusual behaviour of asking to borrow a coat.

“I would ask anyone approached by this male or who saw the victim’s green Land Rover Discovery being abandoned on Clement Terrace to contact me as you may have information which could assist our enquiries.

“Anyone who has any information about the case can contact myself at Kirklees CID via 101 referencing crime number 13200447962.

“Information can also be given online at www.westyorkshire.police.uk/101livechat or anonymously to the independent Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111.”
