```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-27T17:17:52+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-24T08:41:56+01:00'
og:
  description: "With the UK terror threat level being lowered to \u2018severe\u2019, Suffolk\u2019s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson has reassured residents that policing will remain more highly visible for the coming weekend."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/officer_sunlight.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Policing to remain highly visible over the coming weekend
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-27T17:17:52+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-continue-urge-residents-be-vigilant
title: Policing to remain highly visible over the coming weekend | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-continue-urge-residents-be-vigilant
```

With the UK terror threat level being lowered to ‘severe’, Suffolk’s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson has reassured residents that policing will remain more highly visible for the coming weekend.

Despite the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre lowering the threat level this morning (Saturday 27 May 2017) meaning an attack is highly likely but not imminently expected, armed officers, who were deployed in key locations around the county, will continue to patrol over the Bank Holiday weekend. It is expected that they will return to usual policing levels on Monday evening (29 May 2017).

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "We have, as other police forces across the country have, taken the practical and precautionary decision to retain heightened patrols until the end of the Bank Holiday. We will continue to review this proposed reduction of a visible presence and even when it does happen, it does not mean a reduction in service. We are here to protect the public and will do everything in our power to do so.

"Rest assured, the threat level and our response are constantly under review. If we feel it necessary to deploy specially trained officers to areas of heightened risk again in the coming weeks we will.

"I would continue to ask the public to remain calm but alert – if you see anything which causes you concern, then call the police immediately. Look out for anything that seems out of place, we would rather investigate concerns which come to nothing, rather than hear an incident could have been prevented."

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via www.nactso.gov.uk

To report any suspicious activity or behaviour call **0800 789 321** or in an emergency dial **999**.

## Previous Release | 24 May 2017 15.39

Suffolk’s chief police officer has urged people to go about their daily business, while being alert to suspicious activity.

It comes as police respond to the national terror threat level being raised to critical.

Armed officers have been deployed to key locations in both counties, in particular crowded areas with high footfall, to provide visible reassurance.

It comes after the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre raised the threat level last night – meaning an attack not only remains highly likely but a further attack may be imminent.

> **Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said:** “The public would expect us to respond appropriately and proportionately to this raised threat level and the deployment of armed officers is our primary response to this.
>
> “Suffolk is a safe county and this additional policing is about providing a visible reassurance to the public.
>
> “Armed officers will be on patrol across the county and will be there to engage and to provide a presence in busy areas.”
>
> Military personnel are not currently being deployed in joint patrols with police officers in crowded places – but the threat assessment is continuously under review.
>
> Officers are also reviewing security plans for a number of events in the coming weeks.
>
> **Mr Wilson added:** “I would urge people to go about their daily business as usual, but be extra vigilant and report anything you think looks out of place.”

Members of the public are asked to remain calm but alert – if you see anything which causes you concern, then call the police immediately. Look out for anything that seems out of place.

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via www.nactso.gov.uk

To report any suspicious activity or behaviour call **0800 789 321** or in an emergency dial **999**.

> * Threat level Q&A
>

## Previous release | 24 May 2017 08:48

With the UK terror threat level being raised to ‘critical’, Suffolk Police are continuing to urge residents to be vigilant.

The Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre raised the threat level last night – meaning an attack not only remains highly likely but a further attack may be imminent.

Members of the public may see an increased police presence, including armed units, at key locations and events both within Suffolk and across the country.

> Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: “There is no specific intelligence relating to Suffolk however we continue to ask residents to be vigilant. Policing in the county is under constant review and we are looking at the resources and policing of key events in light of the raised threat level.”
>
> “Military personnel are not currently being deployed – but the threat assessment is continuously under review.”
>
> “Our thoughts remain with those affected by the tragic incident in Manchester.
>
> “We continue to ask members of the public to remain alert, but not alarmed and advise people to report any suspicious behaviour or activity on the anti-terrorist hotline **0800 789 321** or in an emergency always call **999**.”

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via: **www.nactso.gov.uk**.
