```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-20T14:13:53+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-20T14:13:53+01:00'
og:
  description: "The county will be celebrating all that Suffolk has to offer tomorrow (Thursday 21 June) and the constabulary will be opening its doors to support the efforts on the big day. [[{&quot;fid&quot;:&quot;6280&quot;,&quot;view_mode&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;attributes&quot;:{&quot;alt&quot;:&quot;Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton is pictured with Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s museum volunteers. &quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton is pictured with Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s museum volunteers."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk_day_suffolk_constabulary.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Constabulary to support Suffolk Day
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-20T14:13:53+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-06-2018/constabulary-support-suffolk-day
title: Constabulary to support Suffolk Day | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-06-2018/constabulary-support-suffolk-day
```

The county will be celebrating all that Suffolk has to offer tomorrow (Thursday 21 June) and the constabulary will be opening its doors to support the efforts on the big day.

From 5pm until 8pm, the constabulary will be opening its museum and inviting members of the public to find out more about the force’s fascinating history.

During the evening, guests will have the chance to see a number of the artefacts on show. Among the items, there will be ceremonial swords, uniforms, as well as cutlasses, lamps and rattles.

Dedicated volunteers and police staff will also be on hand to discuss the Operation Sumac exhibit. It depicts the incidents in 2006 when Steve Wright murdered five women in Ipswich.

Eric Hopes, museum volunteer and curator, said of the upcoming event: "The museum contains items from when the first police forces were first formed in the mid-19th Century up to the present day. It's amazing how things have changed, all the way from wooden whistles to the body-cams that are used today.”

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton said: "The constabulary is delighted to support this tremendous day and is looking forward to welcoming members of the public to the museum’s open evening as part of the countywide celebrations.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Suffolk Day is a super opportunity to celebrate all that is good about our wonderful county – and there is so much for all of us to be proud of.

"The Suffolk Constabulary museum is well worth a visit and has an excellent collection of policing memorabilia stretching over many years. It’s also an important part of our shared heritage and I’d like to thank all the volunteers who manage and maintain this collection for their hard work and dedication.

"A visit to the police museum is a great way to recognise the significance of Suffolk Day.”

Guests are welcome to park in the constabulary’s car park which is based at its headquarters in Portal Avenue, Martlesham Heath, IP5 3QS.

A number of signs will also guide visitors to the start of the museum tour which is free to attend between 5pm and 8pm.

To find out more about Suffolk Day and to view what’s on, visit www.suffolkday.co.uk. You can also follow all the updates and news on Twitter by using the hashtag #SuffolkDay or #SuffolkDay2018
