```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-25T15:11:16+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-25T15:08:54+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been charged in connection with theft from motor vehicle and driving offences in west Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men charged with theft and vehicle offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-25T15:11:16+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2018/two-men-charged-theft-and-vehicle-offences
title: Two men charged with theft and vehicle offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2018/two-men-charged-theft-and-vehicle-offences
```

Two men have been charged in connection with theft from motor vehicle and driving offences in west Suffolk.

Several incidents of theft from vehicles all took place between Tuesday 18 September and Thursday 20 September in the Red Lodge, Bury St Edmunds and Weeting in Norfolk. Among the items stolen were power tools, three sat navs, cash and bank cards, an i-pod nano and a pair of headphones.

It follows an incident on Wednesday 19 September in the Red Lodge area where officers spotted a suspicious looking vehicle in the Red Lodge area and their subsequent investigations led them to arrest two suspects on Thursday 20 September in Weeting and locate some of the stolen property.

Two 19 year olds were arrested and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police investigation Centre for questioning.

On Friday 21 September Connor Stembarski aged 19, of no fixed address, was subsequently charged with eight counts of theft and one count of driving without insurance and one count of driving whilst disqualified. While Joseph Cousins, aged 19 and of Guildford Way in Thetford was charged with eight counts of theft.

Both men appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Saturday 22 September where they pleaded guilty to all offences. They were remanded in custody and will appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court at 11am on Thursday 11 October for sentencing .

Sgt Steve Duncan from Mildenhall Safer Neighbourhood Team said: "This was a great bit of partnership work between CID, Roads Policing and the local patrol officers. The great observational work by the patrol officers who saw the suspect vehicle prompted some quick-time investigative work to locate some of the stolen items and consequently secure these two arrests and charges.

"I’d take this opportunity to remind motorists that there are there are a number of measures that they can take in order to prevent themselves from becoming a victim of theft, including not leaving valuables on show in vehicles and parking in well-lit areas.”
