```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-06-20T17:06:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-20T16:49:03+01:00'
og:
  description: "Three men have been jailed for a total of over 14 years for drug offences after an operation led by Suffolk Police\u2019s Serious Crime Disruption Team."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 14 years jail term for drug offending trio
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-06-20T17:06:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-06-2019/14-years-jail-term-drug-offending-trio
title: 14 years jail term for drug offending trio | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-06-2019/14-years-jail-term-drug-offending-trio
```

Three men have been jailed for a total of over 14 years for drug offences after an operation led by Suffolk Police’s Serious Crime Disruption Team.

20 year old Mohamed Abdullahi of Ilford Lane in Ilford, 18 year old Michael Martin of Blacksmith Close in Romford and 23 year old Rhyone Hinkson of Mansfield Road in Ilford were sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court today (Thurs 20 June).

Abdullahi received a jail term of four years and nine months, Hinkson was jailed for four years and nine months and Martin received a jail term of five years.

It follows an earlier hearing on 4 April this year where Hinkson and Martin both pleaded guilty to two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs, and a further two counts of offering to supply class A drugs. At the same hearing Mohammed Abdullahi pleaded guilty to the possession with intent to supply class A drugs offences, and possession of cannabis.

The trio were arrested on 22 January this year following an operation in Clacton on Sea as part of two days of action initiated by the National Crime Agency and Eastern Region Specialist Operations Unit (ERSOU) as part of on-going work to tackle county drugs lines operating out of London into towns across the eastern region.

Officers using covert policing techniques observed the trio leaving a Travelodge hotel and to approach a Mercedes A class parked a short distance away. Officers moved in on the three males and while one was detained immediately, two others made off but were detained a short while later.

All three were arrested and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Following an extensive investigation, all three were subsequently charged with four counts of possession of a class a drug with intent to supply.

Further enquiries also revealed traces of white powder, believed to be class A drugs, were found on a table in a hotel room at the Travelodge as well as discarded packaging, again believed to be drug related.

The sentences also reflect offences the three were also involved in after they were stopped on Macaulay Road in Ipswich, during which 56 wraps of class A drugs, mobile phones and a large kitchen knife were recovered from a vehicle. The three were jointly charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply and all pleaded guilty at Ipswich Crown Court on 4 April. Michael Martin also pleaded guilty to possession of a bladed article.

Across the region over the two days in January more than 1,000 wraps of Class A drugs were seized along with amounts of cannabis, a number of knives and imitation firearms, and approximately £20,000 in cash.

The SCDT core aim is disrupt serious and organised gangs whose criminal activity focuses on issues such as drug supply and harmful personal acquisitive crime such as robbery/burglary.

Detective Inspector Mark Pollikett from the Serious Crime Disruption Team said: "The arrests and charges were the outcome of many weeks of carefully co-ordinated planning and much groundwork which have reaped results.

"During their respective interviews whilst in custody the three of them responded ‘no comment’ and were all unable to adequately explain or justify their connection to the offences with which they were arrested for.

"These convictions are a great result – they demonstrate how the scourge of county line drug operations reach across borders and how by cross agency working we can achieve some great results to keep communities safe.

"The SCDT team demonstrates how Suffolk Constabulary is committed to maintain proactive policing – they use appropriate policing tactics to target those individuals who cause the most harm to communities, such as drug related crime. Their specialist skills pro-actively tackle force-wide and local policing priorities, while responding to the needs of local people.”

County drugs lines is the term used to describe gangs, groups or drug networks that supply drugs from urban to suburban areas across the country, including market and coastal towns, using dedicated mobile phone lines or ‘deal lines’.

Mugshots are below: Left to right - Michael Martin; Rhyone Hinkson and Mohamed Abdullahi

## Gallery
