```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-27T17:19:23+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-27T17:04:01+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have today, Friday 27 April, been jailed for a total of 23 years after in incident in Lowestoft last year.20 year old Thomas Dale received a jail term of 14 years in prison, while Daniel Howarth, aged 26, was given nine year in prison. Emma Hales and Hayley Capps, both aged 31 years old, both received 17 months imprisonment, suspended for 24 months.On Sunday 27 August 2017 at around 1:20pm, police received reports of an injured man seen staggering in the High Street in the town.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Four people sentenced following Lowestoft incident
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-27T17:19:23+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-04-2018/four-people-sentenced-following-lowestoft-incident
title: Four people sentenced following Lowestoft incident | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-04-2018/four-people-sentenced-following-lowestoft-incident
```

Two men have today, Friday 27 April, been jailed for a total of 23 years after in incident in Lowestoft last year.

20 year old Thomas Dale received a jail term of 14 years in prison, while Daniel Howarth, aged 26, was given nine year in prison. Emma Hales and Hayley Capps, both aged 31 years old, both received 17 months imprisonment, suspended for 24 months.

On Sunday 27 August 2017 at around 1:20pm, police received reports of an injured man seen staggering in the High Street in the town.

Police attended but were unable to locate the injured man. Officers began extensive forensic, house to house and CCTV enquiries, and discovered a damaged front door of a flat in the High Street. Inside, officers seized items including a firearm, gas canister and metal bar.

The victim - a man in his 30s – subsequently made contact with police. He confirmed that two men and two women had come to his home address. A quantity of cash was stolen and the victim sustained significant injuries including gunshot wounds to his back and neck, which required surgery to remove multiple pellets.

On 12 September, police arrested four people in connection with the incident. Thomas Dale, now aged 20 and of no fixed abode, was charged with attempted murder and aggravated burglary. Daniel Howarth, aged 26 of Carlton Square in Carlton Colville, Emma Hales, aged 31 of Denmark Road, Lowestoft and Hayley Capps, aged 31 of St Edmunds Crescent, Kessingland, were all charged with aggravated burglary.

Thomas Dale pleaded guilty to committing grievous bodily harm with intent and aggravated burglary.

The three other defendants denied the charges and appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 5 March for the beginning of the trial. On the first day of the hearing Daniel Howarth pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary. On Wednesday 7 March, both Emma Hales and Hayley Capps pleaded guilty to burglary.

Detective Inspector Matthew Adams said,

"This was a premeditated, violent and targeted attack on a victim who knew two of the four defendants before the incident. The offenders went to a flat where the victim had been staying, intent on stealing from him and Tom Dale arrived at the premises armed with a firearm. During a violent confrontation the victim was struck by Howarth with a metal bar and shot in the head by Dale at point blank range. The victim very bravely fought back against his attackers but later told detectives that he feared he was going to be killed. The victim suffered significant and lasting injuries but despite still having a pellet lodged in his neck he has made a very good recovery.

"I would like to thank the victim for his bravery in coming forwards and praise the work of DC Richard Last and DS Jamie Rose for their meticulous attention to detail during this investigation. I hope the sentences imposed in this case act as a deterrent to other criminals who think it is acceptable to carry weapons and engage in violence. I am extremely pleased so see that Dale and Howarth have been sentenced to significant terms of imprisonment.”

## Gallery
