```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-24T13:06:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-24T13:05:41+00:00'
og:
  description: Police have arrested 10 people in Suffolk in connection with drug offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk arrests made in region-wide drug operation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-24T13:06:46+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-01-2019/suffolk-arrests-made-region-wide-drug-operation
title: Suffolk arrests made in region-wide drug operation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-01-2019/suffolk-arrests-made-region-wide-drug-operation
```

Police have arrested 10 people in Suffolk in connection with drug offences.

The arrests formed part of a wider region-wide operation conducted on Tuesday and Wednesday (22 and 23 January) by more than 200 officers from seven forces across the eastern region - Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Kent, Norfolk and Suffolk, supported and co-ordinated by the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit (ERSOU). In total, 23 properties were searched resulting in 61 arrests.

A 20 year old man, a 22 year old man and 18 year old man all from Essex were all arrested in Ipswich on Tuesday 22 January on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of a knife. All three were taken to Martlesham Police investigation Centre for questioning.

20 year old Mohamed Abdullahi of Ilford Lane in Ilford was charged with four counts of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply.

18 year old Michael Martin of Blacksmith Close in Romford was charged with four counts of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply.

22 year old Rhyone Hinkson of Mansfield Road in Ilford was charged with four counts of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply.

They were remanded to appear before Ipswich Magistrates court on Thursday 23 January to appear again before Ipswich Crown Court on 20 February 2019.

A 22 year old was arrested in Ipswich on 23 January on suspicion of drug offences. Armahn Hibbert of Pretoria Avenue in London was charged with possession of cannabis and released on bail to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court on 11 February.

A 21 year old was also arrested in Ipswich on 23 January. Aaron Dorset-Youngs of Hornsey Road in London was subsequently charged with two counts of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. He is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning (Thur 23 Feb).

A 48 year old man was arrested in Ipswich yesterday (23 January) on suspicion of possession of class A drugs following a search warrant. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and subsequently released under investigation.

A 23 year old man was arrested in Ipswich yesterday on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning where he remains.

A 30 year old man was arrested yesterday on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Elsewhere, a 50 year old man and 24 year old man both from Bury St Edmunds were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs. Both were taken to Bury St Edmunds Police investigation Centre for questioning and subsequently released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

Across the region more than 1,000 wraps of Class A drugs were seized along with amounts of cannabis, a number of knives and imitation firearms, and approximately £20,000 in cash.

The operation, which was also supported by the National Crime Agency and the Metropolitan Police, was part of a bid to clamp down on county drugs lines operating out of London into towns across the eastern region.

County drugs lines is the term used to describe gangs, groups or drug networks that supply drugs from urban to suburban areas across the country, including market and coastal towns, using dedicated mobile phone lines or ‘deal lines’.

Temporary Assistant Chief Constable for ERSOU, Simon Parkes, said: “County drugs lines have a significant impact on towns across the eastern region and drive a wide range of criminality. This is why we’re working together as police forces and a regional organised crime unit, alongside the National Crime Agency, to disrupt those who run and profit from them and to safeguard those affected.

“We’re really pleased with the results of this co-ordinated response to an issue which causes serious harm to our communities; this has been the product of months of hard work by officers. We have targeted those controlling county lines due to the links with the exploitation of vulnerable people, the pedalling of dangerous and illicit substances, and associated violence.

"The success of these types of operations replies upon communities working with their local police officers, providing information to help identify those dealing the drugs in their area as well as those who are vulnerable and being exploited, so if you do have any concerns in your area please do contact your local force on 101.”
