```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-14T10:37:11+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-14T10:35:40+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating a series of mobile phone thefts from people in public places in the town over the weekend have arrested two people in connections with a number of offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic_arrest_close_up.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013Two teenagers arrested after mobile phone thefts"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-14T10:37:11+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-08-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93two-teenagers-arrested-after-mobile-phone-thefts
title: "Ipswich \u2013Two teenagers arrested after mobile phone thefts | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-08-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93two-teenagers-arrested-after-mobile-phone-thefts
```

Police investigating a series of mobile phone thefts from people in public places in the town over the weekend have arrested two people in connections with a number of offences.

Two male teenagers from Ipswich were arrested yesterday, Sunday 12 August, and brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they were questioned by detectives. Both have now been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

Officers are asking the public to be cautious if approached and asked for the time, as this may be a tactic for criminals to snatch your phone should you check the time on the device.

Additionally, police are urging the public to continue to be vigilant. By taking a few simple steps you can reduce the risk of becoming a victim of phone theft:

• Always use the security lock code on your smart phone.
• Register your phone with the provider as they will be able to stop your phone being used if you report it as stolen.
• Consider installing a smart phone tracking app on your device.
• When using your phone, be aware of your surroundings and do not use it in crowded areas or where you feel unsafe.
• Avoid displaying your phone in public. Keep it with you at all times and do not leave it unattended.
• The 15-digit serial or IMEI number helps to identify your phone and can be accessed by keying *#06# into most phones or by looking behind the battery of your phone. Make a note of this number and keep it separate from your phone, as this number could help the police to trace ownership quickly if it is stolen.
• You can also register your phone free at www.immobilise.com You can do this by visiting this website and entering your contact details and your mobile phone's IMEI number. If your phone is lost or stolen, they can then block both your SIM card and phone. If the phone is found by the police they will be able to trace the owner through Immobilise.

If your phone is stolen:
Report the theft to the police as soon as possible. They will want the following details: phone model details; phone number; and serial/IMEI number (if you have it).
Contact your service provider immediately, giving the number of the phone. The network operator will then identify the IMEI number (International Mobile Equipment Identity) for the handset and arrange for it to be blocked on all networks. This means that even if the SIM card is swapped the phone will still be useless.
