```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-09T14:59:16+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-03T16:04:22+01:00'
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man has been sentenced to four years in jail after being charged in connection with two burglaries and following a police pursuit in Ipswich. The burglaries took place from businesses in Saxmundham and Woodbridge in April.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/51_lambert_darrell_29052020.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Saxmundham and Woodbridge - Burglar sentenced to four years in jail
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-09T14:59:16+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-04-2020/saxmundham-and-woodbridge-burglar-sentenced-four-years-jail
title: Saxmundham and Woodbridge - Burglar sentenced to four years in jail | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-04-2020/saxmundham-and-woodbridge-burglar-sentenced-four-years-jail
```

A 33-year-old man has been sentenced to four years in jail after being charged in connection with two burglaries and following a police pursuit in Ipswich. The burglaries took place from businesses in Saxmundham and Woodbridge in April.

Police were called at just before 2:00am on Saturday 4 April to reports of a burglary at Martin’s Newsagents, Market Place, Saxmundham. A concrete block had been used to smash the front door of the shop and items including cigarettes had been stolen.

A short time later, at 3:20am, police in a patrol vehicle in Ipswich spotted a Volkswagen Golf car, believed to have been used by offender/s involved, being driven on Crown Street. The car failed to stop for officers on West End Road and a police pursuit took place through the town. The vehicle drove the wrong way at high speed on the one-way traffic system at the waterfront and also mounted the kerb. The pursuit continued to Clapgate Lane when the Golf came to a stop after colliding with a tree stump. The occupant of the car attempted to make off but was arrested by officers on suspicion of burglary, dangerous driving, failure to provide a specimen of breath and failing to stop a vehicle when asked by police.

The man also stated that he had Covid 19 and threatened to bite and spit at officers.

Darrell Lambert from Stowmarket of no fixed address, was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and subsequently charged with burglary, assault and driving offences.

A second burglary had taken place the evening before, on Friday 3 April, from the Seckford Golf Club, Seckford Hall Road, Woodbridge. At around 11:30pm Lambert forced entry to the premises and stole a quantity of alcohol and confectionery.

Lambert pleaded guilty to two counts of burglary, two counts of assaulting an emergency worker, driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence and failure to provide a specimen of breath when he appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on 29 May. He also asked for two other burglary offences to be taken into consideration - the McColls shop in Hollesley and the Co-Op shop on Ulster Avenue, Ipswich both of which took place on 15 March.

He was sentenced to four years in prison, disqualified from driving for six years and made to pay £181 victim surcharge.

## Previous release - 6 April 2020

A 33-year-old man has been charged in connection with three burglaries that took place from businesses in Ipswich, Saxmundham and Woodbridge on Friday 3 April and Saturday 4 April.

Police were called at just before 2:00am on Saturday 4 April to reports of a burglary at Martin’s Newsagents, Market Place, Saxmundham. It was reported that a concrete block had been used to smash the front door of the shop and that items including cigarettes had been stolen.

A short time later, at 3:20am, police in a patrol vehicle in Ipswich spotted a Volkswagen Golf car, believed to have been used by offender/s involved, being driven on Crown Street. The car failed to stop for officers on West End Road and a police pursuit took place through the town, finishing on Clapgate Lane when the Golf came to a stop after colliding with a tree stump. The occupant of the car attempted to make off but was arrested by officers on suspicion of burglary, dangerous driving, failure to provide a specimen of breath and failing to stop a vehicle when asked by police

Darrell Lambert, from Stowmarket, was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and subsequently charged with three counts of burglary. Of the two other burglaries, the first took place at the McColls shop, Stoke Park Drive, Ipswich at some point between 1.50am and 1.55am Friday 3 April. Entry was forced to the premises and a number of items were stolen including a quantity of cigarettes and alcohol. The second burglary took place later the same day from the Seckford Golf Club, Seckford Hall Road, Woodbridge. At around 11:30pm offender/s forced entry and stole a quantity of alcohol and confectionery.

Lambert was also charged with dangerous driving, taking a vehicle without the owner’s consent, driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence, failure to provide a specimen of breath and driving without appropriate motor insurance. He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates Court yesterday, Monday 6 April and has been remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on 4 May.

A man in his 20s from Leiston was also arrested in the early hours of 4 April in connection with the Saxmundham incident. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and was later released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

Help us keep our communities safe.

Police advice on a variety of subjects can be accessed via https://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice

To report something, or to otherwise contact Police, use the link http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us

## Previous release | 3 April 2020

Police are appealing for witnesses or information following a burglary at a convenience store in Ipswich.

At some point between 1.50am and 1.55am this morning, Friday 3 April, two offenders forced entry via a window into McColls in Stoke Park Drive.

Once inside, a number of items were stolen including a quantity of cigarettes and alcohol.

Both of the suspects are believed to be male. One of the suspects was wearing a dark-coloured jacket, black trousers, blue gloves and light-coloured shoes.

The other suspect was wearing a white hoodie with the hood up, white gloves, a dark blue beanie hat, dark trousers and white shoes. Their face was covered with a white scarf.

Anyone with any information about this incident or who saw anything suspicious should contact Suffolk police, quoting crime reference number: 37/19414/20

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – [email protected]

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
