```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-25T14:45:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-14T20:29:21+01:00'
og:
  description: Two people who were arrested in connection with the death of a man in Bury St Edmunds last year have now been told they will not face any charges relating to the incident.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Investigation update - Bury St Edmunds
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-25T14:45:42+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/investigation-update-bury-st-edmunds
title: Investigation update - Bury St Edmunds | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/investigation-update-bury-st-edmunds
```

Two people who were arrested in connection with the death of a man in Bury St Edmunds last year have now been told they will not face any charges relating to the incident.

A 51-year-old man and a 35-year-old woman, both from Bury St Edmunds, were arrested on suspicion of murder on 16 September 2016.

Police were called at around 12.15pm on Wednesday 14 September to reports a man had died in a property in Samuel Street Walk.

A Home Office post mortem examination carried concluded that the cause of death was as the result of a head injury. The man was formally identified as Kevin Turnbull, aged 52 from the Great Whelnetham area.

An inquest is expected to be held in due course which will examine the full circumstances of Mr Turnbull’s death.

## Previous release | 14/09/2016

The body of a man has been found today in Bury St Edmunds.

Officers were called at around 12.15pm today, Wednesday 14th September with a report of a man deceased in a property in Samuel Street Walk.

The death is currently being treated as unexplained and a cordon is in place at the property whilst an investigation takes place.

Anyone with information relating to this incident is asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting CAD 144 of 14th September.

## Previous release | 18/09/2016

Two people have been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Bury St Edmunds earlier this week, as detectives launch a murder inquiry.

Police were called at around 12.15pm on Wednesday 14 September to reports of a man who had died in a property in Samuel Street Walk.

A Home Office post mortem examination was carried out today, Friday 16 September, and concluded that the cause of death was as the result of a head injury. The body is yet to be formally identified.

A 51-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman – both from Bury St Edmunds - have this evening been arrested on suspicion of murder and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

A police scene is in place at the address in Samuel Street Walk as enquiries into the death continue.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 19/09/2016

Two people who were arrested yesterday in connection with the death of a man in Bury St Edmunds earlier this week, have today, Saturday 17 September, been released on police bail.

Police were called at around 12.15pm on Wednesday 14 September to reports of a man who had died in a property in Samuel Street Walk.

A Home Office post mortem examination was carried out yesterday, and concluded that the cause of death was as the result of a head injury. The body has been formally identified as Kevin Turnbull, aged 52 from the Great Whelnetham area.

A 51-year-old man and a 34-year-old woman, both from Bury St Edmunds, were arrested last night on suspicion of murder and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning. Both have now been released on police bail and are due to return on 15 November.

A police scene remains in place at the address in Samuel Street Walk as enquiries into the death continue.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
