```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:43:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:43:33+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following two reports of bogus callers in the West of the county.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer5.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Appeal after two reports of \u2018bogus callers\u2019 in the West"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:43:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-two-reports-%E2%80%98bogus-callers%E2%80%99-west
title: "Appeal after two reports of \u2018bogus callers\u2019 in the West | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-two-reports-%E2%80%98bogus-callers%E2%80%99-west
```

Police are appealing for information following two reports of bogus callers in the West of the county.

At around 11am yesterday, Wednesday 27th July, two men called at an address in Millbank, Newmarket, claiming to be from the council. They said there were there to check the damp course and to offer home improvements which they could provide prices for. Both men entered the property, with one going upstairs. When the victim did not agree to pay for work they left the premises.

The second incident happened at around 1.25pm yesterday. Two men called at a property in Majors Close in Chedburgh, claiming they were there to check on roof works. They entered the property and went into the loft, saying that they need to install insulation which would need to be paid for. The residents refused to pay and they left the property.

The suspects are described as two white men. One is described as being 5’5”-5’6” tall, of slim build with brown, frizzy hair and brown eyes. He is described as being in his 20s and wearing a blue lightweight waterproof jacket, dark shorts and trainers.

The second is described as being in his 30s to 40s, of large build and around 5’10” tall. He was wearing a blue t-shirt, dark-coloured trousers, dark trainer-style shoes and a blue baseball cap.

Nothing was stolen in either incident. Anyone who witnessed the men at either property or who has any information is asked to contact police on 101.

Police are encouraging friends, family and neighbours to spread the word to ensure everyone is aware of these types of distraction burglaries or bogus callers so that they do not become a victim. If they witness any suspicious or unusual behaviour then immediately call police on 999.

## People can take the following steps to guard against bogus callers

 * Think before you open the door, and keep all your doors and windows secure whilst you answer the front door.
 * Consider displaying a ‘No Cold Calling sticker’ on your door. Please contact your local safer neighbourhood team for more information.
 * Always ask for ID – take it from the caller through the letterbox and read it carefully, and do not admit anyone who you feel is not a genuine caller.
 * Keep an eye on neighbours, friends and family - call 999 if you think a bogus caller is at your property.
