```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-10T16:16:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-10T16:11:58+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are urging the public to be vigilant after a number of burglaries in Ipswich recently.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/blue_lamp.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Police urge vigilance after burglaries"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-10T16:16:16+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-12-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-police-urge-vigilance-after-burglaries
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Police urge vigilance after burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-12-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-police-urge-vigilance-after-burglaries
```

Police are urging the public to be vigilant after a number of burglaries in Ipswich recently,

• On Sunday 9 December sometime just prior to 6.00pm a property on Beechcroft Road was broken into. An untidy search took place but nothing has been reported stolen at this time. Reference 71204/18

• Sometime between 12.10pm and 6.30pm on Friday December 7, offenders forced access to the rear of a property on Sproughton Road and stolen a Sharp black 50 inch TV. Reference 70809/18

• On Thursday 6 December, sometime between 7.00am and 6.00pm, entry was forced to a property on Westwood Avenue in Ipswich and watches, cash, keys and clothes were stolen 64410/18

• On Tuesday 27 November, sometime between 8:15am and 6.30pm, a property on Thebe Close was broken into. Offenders used a large slab to smash the rear door and then stole a TV, iPad, Playstation 3, cash, watches and jewellery. Reference 68665/18

• Sometime between 9.00am on Monday 12 November and 8.40am on Tuesday 13 November offenders smashed the rear conservatory door of a property on High View Road and stole items of jewellery. Reference 65739/18

Officers are currently keeping an open mind regarding whether these incidents are linked and enquiries are ongoing.
Anyone who witnessed any of the incidents, saw any suspicious activity or has knowledge of any of the incidents should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.
Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

Dark evenings can provide the perfect cover for burglars but by carrying out a few simple crime prevention steps, householders and motorists can thwart opportunist criminals.
For home security crime prevention advice visit: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

LOCK
• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.
LIGHT
• Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
•You could also consider installing a doorbell camera in order to potentially film an opportunist burglar in action.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.
HIDE
• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.
