```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-09T15:18:57+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-09T15:18:28+01:00'
og:
  description: Four men from Waveney have been given Criminal Behaviour Orders after being found guilty of causing alarm and distress to residents following several incidents in the Lowestoft area.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Four given criminal behaviour orders in Waveney
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-09T15:18:57+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-given-criminal-behaviour-orders-waveney
title: Four given criminal behaviour orders in Waveney | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-given-criminal-behaviour-orders-waveney
```

Four men from Waveney have been given Criminal Behaviour Orders after being found guilty of causing alarm and distress to residents following several incidents in the Lowestoft area.

The four - Matthew Adams, 23, of Raglan Street, Lowestoft; Javier Centeno-Gomez, 24, of Benacre Road, Ellough; Daniel Batchelor, 26, of Newark Road in Lowestoft and a 17-year-old boy also from Lowestoft - were prosecuted following reports of a number of incidents where men were reported to be climbing on structures around the town.

The court saw footage of them taken from their own head cameras, including images of two of the group lowering themselves over the edge of the roof and hanging off the side of St Peters Court in Lowestoft - fifteen storeys above the ground, in one instance directly above the main entrance door to the building; climbing on a large crane that has been in the middle of town at Clapham Road and also saw footage of one of them parachuting from the wind turbine at Kessingland.

Police felt they had no alternative but to take action due to the extreme danger of their actions. As was pointed out during sentencing, they may have fallen and not only killed themselves but innocent passers-by on the ground. Evidence gathered by police showed they had repeatedly carried out the activity and had been posting footage on the internet.

They appeared at Lowestoft Magistrates Court last Thursday, 10 March, where they were all found guilty of a section 5 public order offence of disorderly behaviour. They were fined a total of £205 each, including costs and a victim surcharge, and were each given a Criminal Behaviour Order for two years.

The order prohibits them from climbing, walking, crawling, hanging or being on the outside of any building or manmade structure anywhere in England and Wales over three metres from the surface below, unless it has been specifically designed for climbing, they have the written permission of the owner and appropriate safety equipment is used.

The order also includes requirements not to go beyond safety barriers on any building or structure and not to parachute off any structure without the written permission of the owner.
