```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-03T14:31:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-03T14:31:53+00:00'
og:
  description: 'Suffolk Police are launching a New Year #CouldYouBeSpecial campaign to attract recruits into the Special Constabulary.'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/specialsonbw_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Could you be Special in 2017?
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-03T14:31:53+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/could-you-be-special-2017
title: Could you be Special in 2017? | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/could-you-be-special-2017
```

Suffolk Police are launching a New Year #CouldYouBeSpecial campaign to attract recruits into the Special Constabulary. A number of videos have been produced which highlight the inspirational stories of three serving Suffolk Specials, based in Ipswich, Lowestoft and Stowmarket. They will be available to view at www.suffolk.police.uk from 4 January 2017.

Being a member of the Special Constabulary opens up a range of special opportunities; to volunteer, to connect with your community, to get new skills, to extend your personal limits, to reduce harm, to inspire others to join, to make others and yourself proud of what you a difference you can make. Becoming part of a diverse organisation that fights crime in the county, it is also a positive way to try police work if you are considering a career as a full time officer.

Special Constables are volunteer officers who give their time to assist the regular police force in keeping communities in Suffolk safe. Committed recruits, keen to experience the rewards and challenges of policing are being actively sought. The role of a Special Constable includes providing high visibility patrols and helping to police major incidents and events. They also offer vital links in the partnership between the police service and the public.

If you are 18 years or older, in good health and of good character, you can apply. Full training will be given so that you can become part of a team that deals with a variety of incidents and events across Suffolk.

Paul Goldsmith, Chief Officer of the Special Constabulary, said,

"We have a highly professional Special Constabulary which makes a considerable contribution to the operational side of policing and officers are committed to supporting their communities throughout the year.

"They are entrusted with considerable responsibilities and every time they come on duty they face the same challenges and problems encountered by their regular police colleagues.

"The extensive training provided by the Constabulary enables them to deal with whatever comes their way and we are very proud of the vital role they play."

Karen Harris, Specials Manager said,

"We are actively recruiting volunteer police officers to be stationed all around Suffolk. We welcome applicants with a range of skills and experience from across our community. Whatever hours you can offer, we are very keen to hear from you. You will be given excellent training, on-going development and support and will become part of Suffolk’s successful Special Constabulary. If you are interested please contact [email protected], call 01473 613589 or check www.suffolk.police.uk for dates and times of our recruitment evenings.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said, "I am a great supporter of the fantastic work that our Specials carry out across the county every day; they are an integral part of policing in the county and we are very grateful for the fantastic support they provide across a wide breadth of operational policing.

"I welcome #CouldYouBeSpecial campaign to attract recruits into the Special Constabulary and would encourage anyone who is interested to get in touch.”

A web-chat is being held on Thursday 5 January between 6.30pm and 8.00pm. This will be an opportunity to ask any questions you might have about what being a Special is all about.

A number of Special Constabulary recruitment information evenings are being held across the county. Details are as follows:-

**Monday 30** **th** **January– LOWESTOFT – 7pm Start**

 **Venue – Conference Room, Riverside, 4 Canning Road, NR33 0EQ**

 ****

**Tuesday 7** **th** **February 2017 – MARTLESHAM**

 **Venue – LEC 3, Police Headquarters, Martlesham, Ipswich, IP5 3QS**

 ****

**Wednesday 15th February 2017 – BURY ST EDMUNDS**

 **Venue – Conference Centre, Class UK Ltd, Saxham, Bury St Edmunds, IP28 6QZ**

 ****

**Monday 27** **th** **March – LOWESTOFT – 7pm Start**

 **Venue – Conference Room, Riverside, 4 Canning Road, NR33 0EQ**

 ****

**Tuesday 18** **th** **April 2017 – IPSWICH**

 **Venue – Conference Room, Landmark House, Egerton Road, Ipswich, IP1 5PB**

 ****

**Wednesday 10** **th** **May 2017 – BURY ST EDMUNDS**

 **Venue – Conference Centre, Class UK Ltd, Saxham, Bury St Edmunds, IP28 6QZ**

 ****

**Monday 12** **th** **June 2017 – LOWESTOFT – 7pm Start**

 **Venue – Conference Room, Riverside, 4 Canning Road, NR33 0EQ**

 ****

**Wednesday 28** **th** **June 2017 – STOWMARKET**

 **Venue – Conference Room, Cedars Hotel, Needham Road, Stowmarket, IP12 2AJ**

**Tuesday 11** **th** **July 2017 – MARTLESHAM**

 **Venue – LEC 3, Police Headquarters, Martlesham, Ipswich, IP5 3QS**

All events will begin at 7.30pm unless otherwise indicated.

Attendees will be able to follow the ‘applicants journey’ from start to finish, including how to complete an application form, what happens at assessment centres, details of the training programme, what personal safety training officers receive and speak to Special Officers to find out exactly what it’s like a Special with Suffolk Constabulary.

If you intend to go along to an information evening, please confirm your attendance by e-mailing [email protected] If you cannot attend but would like more information please go to our website www.suffolk.police.uk
