```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-03T16:43:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-29T15:35:30+00:00'
og:
  description: A driver involved in collision on Foxhall Road in Ipswich on Tuesday 27 December has come forward following media appeals.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/flashinglights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Driver traced after fail-to-stop collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-03T16:43:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-fail-stop-collision
title: Driver traced after fail-to-stop collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-fail-stop-collision
```

A driver involved in collision on Foxhall Road in Ipswich on Tuesday 27 December has come forward following media appeals.

Police appealed for information on Thursday 29 December following the incident around 5.15pm on Tuesday 27 where a BMW had been in collision with a young woman, who sustained injuries including a broken arm. Officers received several calls including one from the driver involved and police are now in contact with him regarding what happened.

Officers would like to thank those who got in touch but would still like to hear from anyone who may have seen the incident. If you can help please call Roads Policing officers at Suffolk police headquarters by dialling **101** and quoting CAD number 259 of December 27.

## Previous release - 29 December 2016

Police are appealing for the driver of a silver or grey BMW to come forward following a fail-to-stop collision on Foxhall Road in Ipswich on Tuesday in which a teenager was seriously injured.

The incident happened as the young woman crossed the road around 5.15pm on bank holiday Tuesday, 27 December. A silver or grey BMW was in collision with the teenager. The driver initially briefly stopped at the scene but left before police arrived and failed to leave their details.

The young woman sustained injuries including a broken arm and leg injuries and was taken to Ipswich hospital.

Police need to trace the driver or anyone who was in the vehicle at the time, and are also appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information about the vehicle or driver involved to come forward.

Officers would also like to hear from anyone who may have noticed a silver or grey BMW with damage to the front/windscreen or any garage staff who have been asked to repair a car of this type.

Anyone who may have any information is asked to call Roads Policing officers at Suffolk police headquarters by dialing **101** and quoting CAD number 259 of December 27.
