```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-18T11:49:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-18T11:48:18+00:00'
og:
  description: A 33 year old man has been convicted for a total of eight burglaries that took place across Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/kearonbraybrook_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man convicted for Ipswich burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-18T11:49:35+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-01-2019/man-convicted-ipswich-burglaries
title: Man convicted for Ipswich burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-01-2019/man-convicted-ipswich-burglaries
```

A 33 year old man has been convicted for a total of eight burglaries that took place across Ipswich.

Kearon Braybrook of no fixed abode appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 17 January where he was sentenced to two years and five months in jail after pleading guilty at court.

Five burglaries took place at properties at residential locations on Almondhayes, Lupin Road, Belstead Road, Littles Crescent and Ashley Street and three commercial burglaries on Bolton Lane all in Ipswich. The offences all occurred between September to October 2017. The premises were broken into via rear windows and doors and various items including jewellery, cash and electrical items were stolen.

Braybrook was sentenced to five years three months imprisonment in January 2018 for three burglaries after pleading guilty.

His sentence of two years and five months imprisonment given on 17 January will be added to the original sentence imposed in January last year.

Braybrook refused to work with Suffolk Constabulary’s Op Converter team having been repeatedly offered an opportunity to admit these further crimes. Detectives continued to investigate the other burglary offences in the same area of Ipswich and were able to secure further charges which led to the further conviction.

DC Dan Steel of Ipswich CID said: "It is reassuring that there has been recognition of the impact this type of criminality has on victims. The additional period of imprisonment imposed should act as a stark reminder to convicted offenders that other offences will continue to be thoroughly investigated and justice sought. There are opportunities for offenders to work with the police to take offences into consideration when they are sentenced, which means they can start afresh when their sentence lapses. Braybrook chose not to follow this course of action and has suffered the consequences.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
