```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-22T15:11:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-01T16:56:08+00:00'
og:
  description: A 38-year-old man has been jailed following a string of offences that took place in various locations within Suffolk, Norfolk and Bedfordshire last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/zvironas_deividas.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced following string of burglaries, robberies and thefts
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-22T15:11:21+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-11-2017/man-sentenced-following-string-burglaries-robberies-and-thefts
title: Man sentenced following string of burglaries, robberies and thefts | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-11-2017/man-sentenced-following-string-burglaries-robberies-and-thefts
```

A 38-year-old man has been jailed following a string of offences that took place in various locations within Suffolk, Norfolk and Bedfordshire last year.

Deividas Zvironas of De Havilland Avenue in Bedford, was sentenced to 12 years’ imprisonment at Luton Crown Court last Friday (12 January).

He had previously pleaded guilty to 18 offences at the crown court on Thursday 4 January. These comprised nine offences in Suffolk, two in Norfolk and seven in Bedfordshire. He also had a further two offences in Suffolk and two in Bedfordshire taken into consideration.

Zvironas was arrested on 6 November 2017 in Bedford after he had been circulated as a wanted person. He was subsequently charged in relation to three thefts, three burglaries, two robberies and an incident of fraud using a stolen bank card, all occurring in Lowestoft between 26 September and 8 October last year.

In addition to these offences, Zvironas was charged with two robberies that took place in Great Yarmouth in Norfolk on 25 June and 11 October; and four burglaries and one attempted burglary in the Bedford and Kempston areas of Bedfordshire which happened between 12 October and 26 October. He was also charged with one count of assault causing grievous bodily harm and one count of common assault, both relating to incidents occurring in Bedfordshire.

Detective Inspector Matt Adams, of East CID at Lowestoft Police Station, said: "Deividas Zvironas is a prolific criminal who travelled around three counties causing misery for numerous victims. His offending involved him deliberately targeting elderly and other vulnerable people.

"I would personally like to praise all the detectives that worked on this case in all three counties, as every effort was made to identify this individual and link him to this series of offences due to the threat his offending posed to the public.

"Although we took the lead for this inquiry in Suffolk, I am grateful for the support given to us by our colleagues in both Norfolk and Bedfordshire who I am sure, like us, will be satisfied with the sentence today.”

## Previous release | 1 November 2017

Police are appealing for assistance from media and members of the public to trace a man who is wanted.

38 year old Deividas Zvironas, who has links with the Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth area, is wanted in connection with a number burglary and robbery offences in Lowestoft which happened on Sunday 8 October. He is also known to live in the Bedford area.

Members of the public shouldn’t approach him but if anyone who knows of his whereabouts or who may have seen him should contact Suffolk Police on 101 or alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 6 November 2017

Police searching for a man wanted in connection with a series of burglary and robbery offences in Lowestoft have located him.

38 year old Deividas Zvironas was arrested in Bedford in the early hours of this morning (Monday 6 November).

He is currently in custody where he will be questioned later today.

We would like to thank the media and the public for their assistance with this appeal.

## Previous release | 7 November 2017

A 38 year old man from Bedford has been charged with a string of offences that took place in the Lowestoft area.

Deividas Zvironas of De Havilland Avenue in Bedford is charged with two counts of robbery. One took place on 26 September where an elderly male had his wallet stolen on Spurgeon Score in the town and a second robbery that took place on 30 September on Bevan Street in Lowestoft. He is also charged with an incident of fraud using a stolen bank card that also took place on 30 September.

He is also charged with three burglaries that took place on 8 October, two incidents of theft from a person and an attempted theft from person that all also took place on 8 October in Lowestoft.

Zvironas is also charged with four burglaries and one attempted burglary in the Bedford and Kempston areas of Bedfordshire which happened between 12 October and 26 October.

He is appearing before Luton Magistrates Court today (7 November).
