```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-15T16:55:50+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-15T16:18:40+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following three burglaries in the west of the county last week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/break-instwitter.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Newmarket/Haverhill \u2013 Appeal following burglaries"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-15T16:55:50+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-10-2018/newmarkethaverhill-%E2%80%93-appeal-following-burglaries
title: "Newmarket/Haverhill \u2013 Appeal following burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-10-2018/newmarkethaverhill-%E2%80%93-appeal-following-burglaries
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following three burglaries in the west of the county last week.

The incidents occurred in Newmarket and Haverhill on Wednesday 10 October and detectives believe that they may be linked.

At some time between 5.30pm and 8.45pm the rear garden of a property in Whitegates, Newmarket, was accessed via an insecure gate and a window in the conservatory was smashed to gain entry to the house. An untidy search then took place and several items of jewellery were stolen from inside.

The second incident occurred at around 8pm at a house in Freshfields, Newmarket. Again a rear garden was entered via an insecure side gate and the glass in a rear patio door was smashed to gain entry to the property. An untidy search was conducted but it is not believed anything was stolen.

The final break-in took place between 5pm and 9.30pm at an address in Withersfield Road, Haverhill. A rear window was forced open and an untidy search of the house was carried-out, but nothing is believed to have been stolen.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who saw or heard any persons or vehicles that appeared unusual, or were acting suspiciously, in the vicinity of any of these locations last Wednesday to make contact.

They would also like to hear from anyone who was travelling along Withersfield Road, Haverhill, between 5pm and 9.30pm that day and who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about any of these crimes, is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds on 101 quoting reference 58568/18 for Whitegates; 58570/18 for Freshfields; or 58573/18 for Withersfield Road.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
