```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-03T10:13:51+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-03T10:13:51+00:00'
og:
  description: A week of activity to tackle the supply of class A drugs in west Suffolk has resulted in seven arrests and drugs, cash, and possible stolen property being recovered.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Seven arrested in week of action - West Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-03T10:13:51+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/seven-arrested-week-action-west-suffolk
title: Seven arrested in week of action - West Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/seven-arrested-week-action-west-suffolk
```

A week of activity to tackle the supply of class A drugs in west Suffolk has resulted in seven arrests and drugs, cash, and possible stolen property being recovered.

The week of action took place between Monday 20 and Friday 24 February, with officers stopping vehicles and carrying out a number of warrants.

On Monday 20 a vehicle was stopped in The Street in Horringer and a 28-year-old woman from Haverhill was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and possession of counterfeit currency. She has now been bailed to return to police on April 6, while further enquiries are carried out. The vehicle was seized as the driver also had no licence and no insurance.

Police officers made a disruption visit to a home in the Suffolk Road area of Sudbury on Tuesday 21 February. A 20-year-old man from Ilford in Essex was subsequently arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and handling stolen property. A quantity of property, that is suspected to have been stolen, has been recovered, and the 20-year-old has been bailed to return to police on April 30 while enquiries are made.

On Wednesday 22 a warrant was carried out at an address in Minden Road in Sudbury. A 21-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of drugs offences including being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug and money laundering. He has now been bailed to return to police on 13 April. A 43-year-old woman from Sudbury was also arrested on suspicion of possession of class A and class B drugs, being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug and money laundering and she has also been bailed until April 13.

The next day, Thursday 23 February, police executed a drugs warrant at a property in Eastgate Street in Bury St Edmunds. At the address officers found a 16-year-old boy from London who had bail conditions not to enter Suffolk after previously being arrested for drugs offences in the town earlier in the month. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and has been bailed to return to police on May 17. A 40-year-old woman from Bury St Edmunds was also arrested at the address on suspicion of supply a controlled drug and she has also been bailed until May 17. A number of mobile phones, cash and a quantity of what are believed to be class A drugs were recovered.

Then on Friday, 24 February, a vehicle was stopped in Noel Murless Drive in Newmarket. A 35-year-old man from Newmarket was arrested on suspicion of disqualified driving, possession of class B drugs and drug driving. The Jaguar was seized as there was no insurance in place for the vehicle. A drugs warrant was then carried out at an address in George Lambton Avenue, believed to be linked to the 35-year-old, resulting in the seizure of what are believed to be class A and class B drugs and a large quantity cash. The 35-year-old was also arrested on suspicion of money laundering and supplying a controlled drug. He has now been bailed to return to police on 27 April.

Detective Inspector Craig Brett said; “We are continuing our work to target those dealing drugs in west Suffolk and this was a particularly successful week with a number of arrests made and items seized. We have taken two uninsured vehicles off the road and recovered cash and drugs paraphernalia. All of these cases are currently under investigation we will also continue to carry out activities such as warrants to target those involved in supplying drugs in the county.”
