```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-31T12:38:54+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-06T11:30:18+01:00'
og:
  description: More than 1,100 drivers were caught speeding during a week-long enforcement campaign in Suffolk this month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-standing.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: More than 1,100 drivers caught during speeding campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-31T12:38:54+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-08-2018/more-1100-drivers-caught-during-speeding-campaign
title: More than 1,100 drivers caught during speeding campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-08-2018/more-1100-drivers-caught-during-speeding-campaign
```

More than 1,100 drivers were caught speeding during a week-long enforcement campaign in Suffolk this month.

Officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit and vans from the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership were deployed across the county to carry out checks as part of a week-long European-wide campaign co-ordinated by TISPOL between Monday 6 and Sunday 12 August.

During the campaign a total of 1,168 drivers were caught speeding, 998 of which were caught by fixed or mobile camera sites, while 170 were caught by officers on patrol.

> Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said: "Speeding is recognised as one of the ‘fatal four’ offences which leads to people being killed or serious injured in a collision along with drink driving, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.
>
> "We target these and other types of offences all year round but these campaigns allow to raise awareness among drivers and explain the consequences of speeding.
>
> "Drivers should adjust their speed to suit the conditions on the road and be aware of hazards. The higher your speed, the less time you have to react. Think…could you stop in time if something unexpected happened in front of you?”

> Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore, said: "Excess speed is one of the major causes of death and injury on Suffolk’s roads.
>
> “Drivers who flout the speed limits put themselves and innocent people at considerable risk which is unacceptable. That’s why I totally support and congratulate the Suffolk Roads Policing officers for their recent enforcement campaign.
>
> “Sadly too many motorists are flouting the limits, but I really hope the message will eventually resonate with everyone that they are there for a reason and that is to keep all road users safe and sound.
>
> “Looking forward, our investment in roads policing and road safety will continue to be a top priority.”

Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence, or even court action. Some drivers can opt to take part in a speed awareness course.

## Previous release | 6 August 2018

Police in Suffolk will be targeting speeding drivers as part of a week-long enforcement campaign which starts today (Monday 6 August 2018).

Officers will be speaking with drivers during the campaign; aiming to highlight dangers of speeding and the consequences that driving above the limit can have through education and enforcement.

The Europe-wide campaign, co-ordinated by TISPOL, the European Traffic Police Network, begins on Monday 6 August and will run until Sunday 12 August, seeing an increased amount of checks and enforcement across the county.

Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, Head of the joint Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said: "We work closely with our partners all-year round to target speeding drivers and these campaigns allow us to enforce the law while also raising awareness of the dangers and educating motorists.

"Speeding is one of the ‘fatal four' offences which makes you more likely to be killed or seriously injured in a collision - alongside drink driving, driving whilst using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.

"All too often officers have to deal with the results of drivers speeding, which can be devastating, with families and friends being left behind to pick up their lives after the event. One fatality on our roads is one too many, but tragically six people have died in collisions in Suffolk so far this year.

"Speed limits are in place for a reason – the limit is set at the maximum safe speed to travel on a particular stretch of road.

"Drivers shouldn’t use these limits as targets; there are always other factors to consider including other road users, levels of traffic and weather conditions. The faster you are travelling, the less time you have to react to the unexpected and stop safely."

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, said: "I fully support this campaign to focus on speeding.

"The safety of all road users in Suffolk is a key priority for me as the county's Police and Crime Commissioner. Speeding wrecks lives and there really is no excuse for it. I find it absolutely staggering that despite all the publicity and numerous warning signs, drivers cannot keep to the speed limit.

"Speed limits are there for a reason. Speed is one of the fatal four causes of serious injury or death on our roads and these thoughtless drivers really do need to wake up to the fact that they are not just risking their own lives, but the lives of fellow road users.”

Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a Traffic Offence Report and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action. Some drivers can opt to take part in a speed awareness course.

For results and updates during the campaign follow the Roads Policing Unit on Twitter @NSRoadsPolicing.
