```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-17T20:15:57+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-15T17:39:44+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk&#039;s Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton has confirmed to residents that additional armed policing patrols will cease this evening.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Additional armed patrols cease as threat level lowered
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-17T20:15:57+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-09-2017/additional-armed-patrols-cease-threat-level-lowered
title: Additional armed patrols cease as threat level lowered | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-09-2017/additional-armed-patrols-cease-threat-level-lowered
```

Suffolk's Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton has confirmed to residents that additional armed policing patrols will cease this evening.

It comes as the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre lowered the threat level earlier this afternoon, Sunday 17 September, meaning an attack is highly likely. The additional armed officers, who were deployed in key locations around the county, will not patrol from this evening and we will return to usual policing levels.

ACC Kearton said: "We have, taken the practical decision to retain armed officers on their heightened patrols until the end of their shift.

"Rest assured, the threat level and our response are constantly under review. If the threat level changes again we will be ready to put our plans back in place.

"I would continue to ask the public to remain calm but alert – if you see anything which causes you concern, then call the police immediately. Look out for anything that seems out of place, we would rather investigate concerns which come to nothing, than hear an incident could have been prevented.”

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via **www.** **gov.uk/ACT**

To report any suspicious activity or behaviour call **0800 789 321** or in an emergency dial 999.

## Previous release - 16 September

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton has offered his support to those affected by the London tube terror attack yesterday morning (Friday 15 September).

She said: "Our thoughts are with the people injured by the explosion and all the emergency services involved in caring for them.

“In light of this serious incident, we have, as other police forces across the country, reviewed our policing response and members of the public will see an increased presence of armed officers at key locations across the county over the coming days."

"Suffolk is a safe county and there is no intelligence at this time to suggest that it will be targeted. However, I would continue to ask the public to remain calm but alert – if you see anything which causes you concern, then call the police immediately. Look out for anything that seems out of place, we would rather investigate concerns which come to nothing, rather than hear an incident could have been prevented.”

Last night, the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre confirmed that the threat level has been raised to critical, meaning an attack is imminent.

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via https://act.campaign.gov.uk/

To report any suspicious activity or behaviour call **0800 789** **321** or in an emergency dial **999**.

## Previous release - 17 September

One of Suffolk’s chief police officers has urged people to remain alert to suspicious activity but not alarmed as the investigation into Friday’s terror attack at Parsons Green, London, continues over the coming days.

It comes as police continue to put well-rehearsed local plans into action as they respond to the national terror threat level being raised to critical - meaning an attack not only remains highly likely but a further attack may be imminent.

Armed officers will remain patrolling and deployed to key locations in the county, in particular crowded areas with high footfall such as town centres, to provide visible reassurance.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton said: "Our officers are there to protect you and keep you safe. While Suffolk is a safe county, this additional armed policing is about providing a visible reassurance to the public. I would encourage you to support them and approach them with any concerns or queries you may have.”

Members of the public are asked to remain calm but alert – if you see anything which causes you concern, then call the police immediately. Look out for anything that seems suspicious and take action against terrorism, we would rather investigate concerns which come to nothing, than hear about an incident which could have been prevented.

ACC Kearton added: "I would urge people to go about their daily business as usual, but be extra vigilant and report anything you think looks out of place.”

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via www.gov.uk/ACT

To report any suspicious activity or behaviour call 0800 789 321 or in an emergency dial **999**.
