```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-21T09:23:14+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-21T09:23:14+01:00'
og:
  description: Police in Norfolk and Suffolk are supporting a campaign aimed at highlighting the need for renewed efforts to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on Europe&#039;s roads.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Project Edward \u2013 European Day Without A Road Death"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-21T09:23:14+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/project-edward-%E2%80%93-european-day-without-road-death
title: "Project Edward \u2013 European Day Without A Road Death | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/project-edward-%E2%80%93-european-day-without-road-death
```

Police in Norfolk and Suffolk are supporting a campaign aimed at highlighting the need for renewed efforts to reduce the number of people killed or seriously injured on Europe's roads.

Project Edward – European Day Without A Road Death – will take place on Wednesday (21 September) and is a campaign by TISPOL – the European Traffic Police Network – which aims to get people thinking seriously about road safety.

All 30 TISPOL member countries have pledged their support and officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit will share messages on social media, reminding motorists how to stay safe on the road.

Motorists are also being encouraged to sign a road safety pledge on the TISPOL website (www.tispol.org/edward).

Police in Norfolk and Suffolk work closely with partner agencies, including Think! Norfolk Road Safety Partnership and the Suffolk Roadsafe Partnership, to educate drivers and improve safety. A lot of work is focused on the fatal four motoring offences of drink driving, speeding, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.

T/Superintendent Kris Barnard, head of the roads policing unit, said: "Police and road safety partners work all year round to educate drivers around the risks of certain behaviour, such as speeding and drink driving, and the potentially fatal consequences they can have.

"Project Edward enhances this work by highlighting road safety on an international scale and I would encourage all drivers to sign the pledge of support.”

Norfolk's Police and Crime Commissioner Lorne Green gave his backing to the campaign, urging communities to do the same "One fatality on Norfolk's roads is one too many. Let's commit as a community to make Norfolk a roads fatality free zone and show Europe what can be done.”

Suffolk's Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Any death or serious injury on Suffolk's roads can have devastating consequences for family, friends and others. Our road network is the lifeblood of how we live and work across our county, so campaigns such as Project Edward have my total support. We all have a collective responsibility to make road travel as safe as humanly possible."

Iain Temperton, Team Manager, Casualty Reduction Education & Development, said: "There were some excellent reductions in road deaths and serious injuries earlier in this decade, but they have stalled in the past couple of years.

"It is therefore vital that we re-focus our attention on the efforts needed to get back on course in order to have a chance of achieving the European 2020 targets.

"The work undertaken by road safety professionals across Europe is essential in reaching those targets and reducing the unnecessary suffering experienced by thousands every day.”

Cllr James Finch, Chairman of Suffolk Roadsafe Partnership Board said: "Safety is always the highest priority of the work carried out by Suffolk County Council and Suffolk Police. Informing and educating young drivers who are inexperienced behind the wheel is incredibly important in changing the long term mind set of people who use our roads. Speed plays a significant part in most accidents and learning the right behaviours for safe driving is something we support and encourage.”
