```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-26T16:38:42+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-26T16:37:43+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after five properties in west Suffolk were targeted by burglars in daytime incidents.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/specials_2016-6.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Burglaries in West Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-26T16:38:42+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/burglaries-west-suffolk-0
title: Burglaries in West Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/burglaries-west-suffolk-0
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after five properties in west Suffolk were targeted by burglars in daytime incidents.

All the offences occurred on Monday 24 April and items of jewellery were stolen in each of the first four incidents. The details are as follows:

 * Between 1pm and 3.30pm, a rear window of a property in The Green, Beyton, was forced open and a laptop was stolen in addition to jewellery.
 * At some time between 7.30am and 3.40pm in Culford Road, Fornham St Martin, a window was again forced open to gain entry.
 * Entry was gained to a house in Ingham Road, West Stow, between 8am and 4.20pm.
 * The fourth break-in occurred at a property in High Street, Rattlesden, between 1.20pm and 5.15pm, where a shotgun and items of silver were stolen in addition to jewellery.
 * The final incident is believed to have occurred between 1pm and 1.10pm at a house in Culford, where a window was forced open triggering the intruder alarm. This would appear to have deterred the offenders as no entry to the property was gained.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in any of the above locations on Monday, or anyone who was driving through the villages who may have Dash Cam footage during the relevant times.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Bury St Edmunds CID on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Members of the public are asked to consider taking the following steps to protect their homes from burglaries:

 **LOCK**

 * Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
 * Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
 * Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
 * Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
 * Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
 * Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

 **LIGHT**

 * Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
 * ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
 * Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
 * Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

 **HIDE**

 * Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
 * Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
 * Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
 * Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
 * Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

 **For more security advice visit**https://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z **.**
