```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-25T09:47:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-24T16:05:19+01:00'
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man has been given an 18 year sentence after the kidnap of a 30-year-old man from Ipswich last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man sentenced to 18 years after kidnap"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-25T09:47:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-05-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-man-sentenced-18-years-after-kidnap
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Man sentenced to 18 years after kidnap | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-05-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-man-sentenced-18-years-after-kidnap
```

A 33-year-old man has been given an 18 year sentence after the kidnap of a 30-year-old man from Ipswich last year.

Abubakar Sheikh, from London, was found guilty of conspiracy to kidnap, false imprisonment and causing grievous bodily harm at the conclusion of his trial at Ipswich Crown Court. Sheikh appeared before the court yesterday, Tuesday 24 July, and has been sentenced to 15 years imprisonment and a further 3 years on an extended licence.

On Friday 23 June 2017, the victim had arranged to meet some friends in central Ipswich in the evening. A number of other associates arrived and after a conversation regarding a money debt the victim was kidnapped and taken in a car containing three men. He was then driven to a flat in London where he was held and systematically beaten. The victim was at times blindfolded and repeatedly punched and kicked in the face and body. His hands and fingers were hit with a hammer and an irritant poured into his eye.

In the early hours of Sunday 25 June, the man was removed from the flat, put in van and then was later left by a roadside in Essex. A short time later a security guard from a shopping centre in Harlow found a seriously injured man in a carpark and called police. The victim had sustained substantial injuries including fractured ribs, a fractured thumb, a detached retina, heavy bruising and to face and torso and was taken to hospital for treatment.

The kidnapped man believes that he was targeted as a result of a dispute regarding the supply of illegal drugs in Ipswich.

A Suffolk Police investigation led to four men being arrested and charged in connection with the incident. The four week trial was held at Ipswich Crown Court and concluded on 24 May. Two other men charged with kidnap, were found not guilty by the court. A fourth man was charged with kidnap and possession of a Class A drugs, but was aquitted.

Detective Inspector Matthew Connick said, "This was a challenging and complex investigation where the victim suffered a horrendous ordeal in what was a planned and targeted attack. This sentencing reflects the seriousness of the offences committed. Officers from Suffolk Constabulary worked tirelessly and diligently to identify the associated threats from this criminality spanning several police force areas which has resulted in the conviction of Abubakar Sheikh.”

## Previous release | 24 May 2018

One man has been found guilty in connection with the kidnap of a 30-year-old man from Ipswich which took place last year.

On Friday 23 June 2017, the victim had arranged to meet some friends in central Ipswich in the evening. A number of other associates arrived and after a conversation regarding a money debt the victim was kidnapped and taken in a car containing three men. He was then driven to a flat in London where he was held and systematically beaten. The victim was at times blindfolded and repeatedly punched and kicked in the face and body. His hands and fingers were hit with a hammer and an irritant poured into his eye.

In the early hours of Sunday 25 June, the man was removed from the flat, put in van and then was later left by a roadside in Essex. A short time later a security guard from a shopping centre in Harlow found a seriously injured man in a carpark and called police. The victim had sustained substantial injuries including fractured ribs, a fractured thumb, a detached retina, heavy bruising and to face and torso and was taken to hospital for treatment.

The victim had been reported as missing to Police on Saturday 24 June.

The kidnapped man believes that he was targeted as a result of a dispute regarding the supply of illegal drugs in Ipswich.

A Suffolk Police investigation into the circumstances led to four men being arrested and charged in connection with the incident. The four week trial was held at Ipswich Crown Court and concluded today, Thursday 24 May.

Abubakar Sheikh, a 32-year-old man from Birmingham was found guilty of conspiracy to kidnap, false imprisonment and causing grievous bodily harm.

Two other men charged with kidnap, were found not guilty by the court. A fourth man was charged with kidnap and possession of a Class A drugs, but was aquitted.

Abubakar Sheikh is due to be sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on 26 July 2018.
