```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-06T15:54:37+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-06T15:54:37+01:00'
og:
  description: "\u200B\u200B\u200B\u200B\u200B\u200B\u200BA 51-year-old man who defrauded a Lowestoft charity out of more than \xA3200,000 has been jailed for four and a half years."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/neilpayne.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for defrauding Lowestoft charity
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-06T15:54:37+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-defrauding-lowestoft-charity
title: Man jailed for defrauding Lowestoft charity | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-defrauding-lowestoft-charity
```

A 51-year-old man who defrauded a Lowestoft charity out of more than £200,000 has been jailed for four and a half years.

Neil Payne appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Thursday 6 July, for sentencing after admitting fraud by abuse of position at an earlier hearing on May 31.

Payne, formerly of Rushton Drive in Carlton Colville, was volunteer Treasurer at D.I.A.L. Lowestoft & Waveney – a charity which works with people with physical and sensory disabilities, learning disabilities, mental health problems and long-term illness.

Between October 2010 and January 2017 he made more than 270 transactions between the charity’s bank accounts and his personal account, leaving the charity in a desperate financial position and causing distress both to the trustees and staff of the organisation and the vulnerable people they work with.

The alarm was raised in early February 2017. The chairman of Lowestoft & Waveney D.I.A.L Margaret Oldham had been contacted at the end of January by the four employees of the charity who reported they had not been paid. She and several others then tried to get in touch with Payne but there was no reply to phone calls or emails.

A few days later, with no response, Mrs Oldham went to the bank to see if they could help. She described being horrified as she was shown the charity accounts – which showed there was just £289 in the current account and 8p in the savings account, when there should have been over £10,000. She then checked a further account – the charity reserves – which should have had £54,000 in it and it was found to contain just £2,000.

Initial examination of the bank accounts showed a large number of entries listed as ‘wage’ and ‘expense’ payments dating back to October 2010 and police were contacted on 3 February 2017 to investigate.

Starting with just over 12 months of current account statements initially provided by the bank to Mrs Oldham, it quickly became apparent that payments listed to the payee ‘Payne’ amounted to over £47,000 between November 2015 and January 2017. Police requested more information from the bank and made plans to arrest Payne, however around the same time he was reported as missing after failing to turn up for work.

Police began work to locate him while detectives continued work to gather evidence of the fraud. A search of his home was conducted and paperwork relating to both the charity and his personal accounts was seized.

His car was located parked in Norwich, enquiries were made with Payne’s friends, family and contacts, hotels where he was known to have stayed in the Midlands were contacted, it was discovered he had deleted his work emails before he left and financial and border checks were carried out.

By February 25 police had obtained bank account details for the charity dating back to 2002 and found the first fraudulent transaction had been in October 2010. Checks revealed Payne had transferred over £200,000 to his personal account in just over six years. He was then posted as wanted on the Police National Computer, alerting other constabularies to the fact Suffolk officers were looking for him.

The breakthrough that officers needed came on April 4 – Payne had been arrested in Chester.

Payne told officers he had left Norwich by bus on 31 January and travelled to Leicester, and then on to Blackpool, Bangor and Chester. He had ended up sleeping rough after his money ran out and then decided to hand himself in to police in the city.

In interview he admitted fraud by abuse of position, telling police that he had begun stealing because money had been tight after he had resigned from his job and, after he had found new employment on a lower wage, he had continued to steal to maintain his lifestyle. He admitted presenting the charity with bogus budget reports, and falsifying withdrawal slips to take funds from the charity reserve account.

He accepted he made 277 transactions, totalling £212,639.53.

> **Margaret Oldham from D.I.A.L. said the effect on the charity, workers and service users had been significant – both financially and emotionally.**
>
> “D.I.A.L. Lowestoft and Waveney is a small charity run by and for people with disabilities. This includes people of all ages and all health problems, including physical and sensory disabilities, learning disabilities, mental health problems and long-term illness. We give free information and advice to some very vulnerable people, helping them to get the benefits and services to which they are entitled.
>
> “The stress of not having any funding has had a huge impact on staff and trustees alike. We have all been living a nightmare, and this has not gone away completely yet.
>
> “Without individual trustees loaning money out of their personal accounts to pay salaries for January and February 2017 he would have ‘killed’ a charity which is vital to hundreds of people with disabilities and which has been in existence for 30 years.
>
> “We have bi-monthly management meetings of trustees and at each of these meetings Neil had reported the latest accounts and rolling budget which showed cash and reserves in the thousands. The amounts were in line with what we knew had been raised. We now know all these financial reports were completely fictitious.
>
> “We are still very unsure of our future and whether we can get enough funding to continue. Most funders demand reserves of six months running costs. The charity costs £110,000 to run for a year and we have £2,000 in reserves…Trustees have put in many hours of their time to develop new processes and to try to rebuild trust. We are gradually getting some local funders to believe in us so that our cash-flow is sufficient for day to day purposes, but it will take a long time to replace the thousands he took from us.
>
> “The service we have been able to give to vulnerable disabled people has been very limited since the beginning of February 2017… This has had a knock-on effect to the public perception of D.I.A.L. as many thought we were closing.
>
> “Staff did not know whether they had a job or not and felt they would be letting down so many people currently on their caseloads.
>
> “On a personal level, a young man with mental health problems who has been a long-standing client, and who had previously tried to commit suicide, came up to me in Lowestoft shopping centre in a terrible state and said there was nowhere else to go. He was at his wits end what to do – can you imagine how I felt? I thought Neil was a trusted friend and colleague of 15 years and his actions have seriously affected my faith in human nature.”

> **Officer in the case DC Andrew Thawley said Payne had caused considerable damage to the charity.**
>
> “Through his actions he has caused huge concern to a dedicated group of trustees, staff and volunteers who have given their time and hard work to support those in need. They trusted him to provide accounting services and he repaid their faith by stealing from them and working to cover his tracks.
>
> “The financial state he left them in came close to finishing the charity, which has helped hundreds of people during the course of the 30 years it has been operating, and they are now faced with not only having to raise cash as a matter of urgency but also to deal with the bureaucracy that comes with the loss of the funds.
>
> “He appears to have given little thought to the effect this would have on not only those working for the charity but also their clients – often some of the most vulnerable in society, who rely on D.I.A.L. for support and advice.
>
> “Margaret and the team at D.I.A.L. have, by contrast, shown their strength of character by battling to keep the charity going. We hope that today’s sentencing will help them continue to move forward – and that residents in Lowestoft and Waveney will rally round to support them and help them carry on the good work they do.”
