```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-04-08T15:10:50+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-02T14:58:09+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are renewing an appeal for witnesses and releasing CCTV images, following an armed robbery at a business premises in Stowmarket last week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/19241.20_-_cctvforwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Stowmarket \u2013 Renewed appeal following armed robbery at filling station"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-04-08T15:10:50+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-04-2020/stowmarket-renewed-appeal-following-armed-robbery-filling-station
title: "Stowmarket \u2013 Renewed appeal following armed robbery at filling station | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-04-2020/stowmarket-renewed-appeal-following-armed-robbery-filling-station
```

Police are renewing an appeal for witnesses and releasing CCTV images, following an armed robbery at a business premises in Stowmarket last week.

The incident occurred just after 6am on Thursday 2 April, at the Esso Service Station in Combs Ford.

A man had approached the counter, pointed a knife at the member of staff and demanded that they empty the till. An amount of cash was then handed over and the offender then left, walking off onto Ipswich Road in the direction of the town centre.

Detectives are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to trace in connection with the incident. Although you cannot see the man’s face in the pictures, they show the clothes he was wearing including a red baseball cap, grey hooded top and bandana covering his face. He was also carrying a backpack.

Police would like to hear from anyone who saw a man wearing clothing matching this description in the area of Combs Ford and Ipswich Road between 5.30am and 6.30am last Thursday, and in particular anyone driving through who may have captured dashcam footage.

Any witnesses to this crime, or anyone with information or dashcam footage, are asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station, quoting reference: 19241/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – DC Day

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

Any businesses that feel they would benefit from advice on crime prevention and additional security measures are urged to contact their local Safer Neighbourhood Team for assistance.

Information on how to contact your local policing team can be found on our website here

## Previous release | 2 April 2020

Police are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery at a business premises in Stowmarket.

The incident occurred just after 6am this morning, Thursday 2 April, at the Esso Service Station in Combs Ford. Officers were called immediately after the incident took place, arriving at the scene within a matter of minutes.

They were informed that a man had approached the counter, pointed a knife at the member of staff and demanded that they empty the till. An amount of cash was then handed over and the offender then left, walking off onto Ipswich Road in the direction of the town centre.

The suspect is described as white, around 6ft tall, of slim build and with blue eyes. He was wearing a red baseball cap, a bandana, a grey hooded top and was carrying a backpack.

Police would like to hear from anyone who saw a man matching this description in the area of Combs Ford and Ipswich Road between 5.30am and 6.30am this morning, and in particular anyone driving through who may have captured dashcam footage.

Detective Inspector Matt Adams said: “Unfortunately there have now been a number of similar robberies to this one over the past 10 days across the county and we understand that this will be causing concern for employees and business owners alike.

“I would like to reassure all those people affected that we are working extremely hard to detect who is responsible for these offences, with our teams gathering forensic evidence and pursuing a number of leads, which have resulted in us making several arrests.

“Local communities can be of great assistance to us by being our eyes and ears – especially at the moment while the majority of people are at home. Please be vigilant and report anything to us that you believe to be suspicious.

“Any businesses that feel they would benefit from advice on crime prevention and additional security measures are urged to contact their local Safer Neighbourhood Team for assistance.

“Officers are actively patrolling throughout communities in Suffolk, and we are determined to do everything we can to protect the public, key workers and businesses.”

Information on how to contact your local policing team can be found on our website here

Any witnesses to this crime, or anyone with information or dashcam footage, are asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station, quoting reference: 19241/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**
