```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-22T14:21:16+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T14:21:04+01:00'
og:
  description: National Police Chiefs&#039; Council Lead for Hate Crime, Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton recently commented on hate crime incidents following the EU referendum.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-sign.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Hate Crime after EU referendum
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-22T14:21:16+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/hate-crime-after-eu-referendum
title: Hate Crime after EU referendum | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/hate-crime-after-eu-referendum
```

National Police Chiefs' Council Lead for Hate Crime, Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hamilton recently commented on hate crime incidents following the EU referendum. He said:

"Police forces are working closely with their communities to maintain unity and tolerance and prevent any hate crime or abuse following the EU referendum. At the national level, the vast majority of people are continuing to go about their lives in safety and security and there have been no major spikes in tensions reported.

"However, we are seeing an increase in reports of hate crime incidents to True Vision, the police online hate crime reporting site. This is similar to the trends following other major national or international events. In previous instances, crime levels returned to normal relatively quickly but we are monitoring the situation closely.

"All forms of hate crime are unacceptable in any circumstances. Hatred not only has the potential to cause serious physical and emotional harm, it damages communities and undermines the diversity and tolerance we should be instead celebrating. Police forces will respond robustly to any incidents and offenders can expect to receive enhanced sentencing.

"We strongly encourage anyone who thinks they may have experienced or witnessed hate crime to report it by calling the police on 101, contacting Crimestoppers or using our True Vision website **www.report-it.org.uk** ****, where you can also find advice about staying safe. In an emergency, always dial **999**.

"Everyone has a right to feel safe and confident about who they are. Being yourself is not a crime: hate crime is."

 **Further information:**

There has been an of 57% increase in reporting to True Vision since Friday compared to this time last month (85 reports between Thursday 23 –Sunday 26 June compared with 54 reports the corresponding 4 days four weeks ago.) These figures only take into account reports through one mechanism, reports are also made directly to forces and other community groups like Tell Mama and Community Security so this is not an overall national figure. This should not be read as a national increase in hate crime of 57% but an increase in reporting through one mechanism.
