```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-03T15:06:24+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-01T17:08:41+01:00'
og:
  description: A 32-year-old man has been jailed in connection with armed robbery incidents in Fressingfield, Hoxne and Diss earlier this year, along with a number of bilking offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/matthewthorndyke_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Fressingfield/Hoxne/Diss \u2013 Man jailed for 100 months after armed robbery incidents"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-03T15:06:24+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fressingfieldhoxnediss-man-jailed-100-months-after-armed-robbery-incidents-0
title: "Fressingfield/Hoxne/Diss \u2013 Man jailed for 100 months after armed robbery incidents | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fressingfieldhoxnediss-man-jailed-100-months-after-armed-robbery-incidents-0
```

A 32-year-old man has been jailed in connection with armed robbery incidents in Fressingfield, Hoxne and Diss earlier this year, along with a number of bilking offences.

Matthew Thorndyke, of no fixed address, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today Monday 3 August, where he was sentenced to a total of 8 years 4 months imprisonment. He was given 5 years and 4 months for an armed robbery in Fressingfield and 3 years for an attempted robbery in Hoxne. Thorndyke was also given a 12 month prison sentence for possession of a bladed article in each incident, both of which will be served concurrently.

Thorndyke had previously pleaded guilty to one count of robbery; one count of attempted robbery; and two counts of possession of a bladed article in a public place, relating to the incidents in Fressingfield and Hoxne.

The first of these offences took place at Mace Stores in New Street, Fressingfield, just before 7.20pm on Wednesday 1 April, when Thorndyke entered the premises brandishing a knife and threatened staff, before stealing a quantity of cash, cigarettes and alcohol. No one was harmed during the incident.

The second crime occurred at around 11.20am on Friday 1 May, at the Post Office in Low Street, Hoxne. Thorndyke again entered the building brandishing a knife and made demands for money, but ran away when a panic alarm was activated. No money was handed over and no one was harmed.

Matthew Thorndyke was initially arrested in connection with this incident later in the day on Friday 1 May at an address in Eye and was taken into custody for questioning, before being released on bail.

He was then re-arrested on Monday 4 May and was subsequently charged with the Hoxne offence, appearing before magistrates on Tuesday 5 May and was subsequently indicted for the Fressingfield offence at the crown court on Monday 22 June.

He then had a further seven offences taken into consideration (TIC) at the sentencing hearing, which included a robbery at Diss Food and Wine on Tuesday 21 April where a knife was brandished at staff and cash was stolen.

The six other TICs related to making off without payment offences across Suffolk and Norfolk between December 2019 and March 2020 as follows:

 * Shell Service Station, Orwell Bridge, Ipswich, on 17 December

 * Shell Service Station, A140 Norwich Road, Coddenham, on 2 January

 * BP Service Station, A11, Thetford, on 24 February

 * BP Service Station, A143, Gillingham, on 26 March

 * Shell Service Station, A12 Grove Road, Woodbridge, on 29 March

 * BP Service Station, A143/A140, Stuston, on 31 March

Detective Inspector Matt Adams, of East CID at Lowestoft Police Station, said: "The robberies concerned were terrifying ordeals for the victims and I have no doubt that the impact of Matthew Thorndyke’s actions will have been felt much wider within the community, causing other similar business owners to fear they could be targeted.

"Investigating these crimes was a priority for our CID, who worked hard to identify Thorndyke as the offender and gather the evidence required to charge him and remove him from the streets.

"The fact we were also able to get the seven other offences taken into consideration - including a further terrifying armed robbery incident - is another great result for our Operation Converter team, allowing for all these crimes to be detected.

"I am pleased with the sentence passed today and hope it will give Thorndyke the time to reflect on his actions and also act as a deterrent to others who seek to steal from our businesses and threaten people who are going about their work.”

Information on crime prevention and additional security measures for businesses can be found on our website: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/coronavirus_robbery_advice_revised.docx.pdf

## Previous release | 5 May 2020

A 32-year-old man has been charged with an attempted armed robbery at a business premises in Hoxne last week.

The incident occurred at around 11.20am on Friday 1 May, at the Post Office in Low Street.

A man brandishing a knife entered the building and made demands for money, but ran away when a panic alarm was activated. No money was handed over and no one was harmed.

Matthew Thorndyke, of no fixed address, was arrested in connection with the incident later the same day and taken into custody for questioning, before being released on bail.

He was rearrested last night, Monday 4 May, and again taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre to be questioned and has subsequently been charged with the following two offences: attempted robbery; and possession of a knife in a public place.

Thorndyke was remanded in custody and is due to appear before Norwich Magistrates’ Court later today, Tuesday 5 May.

## Previous release | 4 May 2020

A 32-year-old man has been arrested in connection with three robbery incidents occurring at business premises in Hoxne, Fressingfield and Diss.

The most recent crime took place at around 11.20am on Friday 1 May, at the Post Office in Low Street, Hoxne.

A man brandishing a knife entered the building and made demands for money, but ran away when a panic alarm was activated. No money was handed over and no one was harmed.

Later the same evening, officers arrested a 32-year-old man at an address in Eye on suspicion of robbery in connection with the incident.

The man was also arrested on suspicion of another robbery occurring at the Diss Food and Wine Store in Market Place, on Tuesday 21 April, where a man brandishing what was believed to be a knife stole a quantity of cash.

He was taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning, where he was further arrested on suspicion of a third offence of robbery, which took place at Mace Stores in New Street, Fressingfield, on Wednesday 1 April, where staff were threatened with a knife and a quantity of cash was stolen.

Also whilst in custody, he was further arrested on suspicion of a number of offences of making off without payment from filling stations across Suffolk and Norfolk.

After being questioned by detectives, the suspect was released on bail until Thursday 14 May pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information about these crimes is asked to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station.

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

## Previous release | 1 May 2020

Police are appealing for witnesses following an attempted armed robbery at a business premises in Hoxne.

The incident occurred at around 11.20am this morning, Friday 1 May, at the Post Office in Low Street.

A man brandishing a knife entered the building and made demands for money, but ran away when a panic alarm was activated. No money was handed over and no one was harmed during the incident.

The suspect was seen to run off across a field towards the B1118. A large-scale police search of the area has taken place, including the use of a drone, but the offender has not been located.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this crime, is asked to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station, quoting reference: CAD 111 of 1 May.

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

Any businesses that feel they would benefit from advice on crime prevention and additional security measures are urged to contact their local Safer Neighbourhood Team for assistance.

Information on how to contact your local policing team can be found on our website here: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/your-area
