```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-06T17:14:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-05T15:57:08+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Police continue to investigate the circumstances around an incident on Kelly Road in Ipswich at the weekend.\_Police were contacted at lunchtime on Sunday 5 November by a member of the public reporting concerns for the safety of a resident and reporting exterior damage to a resident\u2019s front door.\_Police can confirm that shots were fired outside a property from a low calibre weapon.\_Officers will remain outside the premises this evening and further searches will be conducted tomorrow."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/blue_lamp.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Kelly Road incident - investigation update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-06T17:14:05+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-11-2017/kelly-road-incident-investigation-update
title: Kelly Road incident - investigation update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-11-2017/kelly-road-incident-investigation-update
```

Suffolk Police continue to investigate the circumstances around an incident on Kelly Road in Ipswich at the weekend.

Police were contacted at lunchtime on Sunday 5 November by a member of the public reporting concerns for the safety of a resident and reporting exterior damage to a resident’s front door.

Police can confirm that shots were fired outside a property from a low calibre weapon.

Officers will remain outside the premises this evening and further searches will be conducted tomorrow.

Police continue to appeal for witnesses to this incident, believed to have occurred in the early hours of Sunday 5 November.

Anyone with any information should contact the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting crime reference number 37/71637/17.

## Previous release | 5 November 2017

Suffolk Police are currently at the scene of an incident on Kelly Road in Ipswich.

A member of the public contacted police at lunchtime today (Sunday 5 November), with concerns for the safety of a resident and reporting exterior damage to a resident’s front door.

No one is believed to have been injured during the incident, but police are looking into the possibility that a firearm was discharged.

A cordon is in place at the scene and an investigation has been launched.

Police would like to appeal for witnesses to this incident, believed to have occurred sometime in the early hours of this morning.

Any witnesses or anyone with any information should contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting incident number 195 of today (Sunday 5 November).
