```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-09-30T14:29:56+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-30T14:29:42+01:00'
og:
  description: "Seven people are due to be sentenced in connection with drug offences after an operation led by Suffolk Police\u2019s Serious Crime Disruption Team."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/arrest.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Seven guilty of Ipswich drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-09-30T14:29:56+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-09-2019/seven-guilty-ipswich-drug-offences
title: Seven guilty of Ipswich drug offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-09-2019/seven-guilty-ipswich-drug-offences
```

Seven people are due to be sentenced in connection with drug offences after an operation led by Suffolk Police’s Serious Crime Disruption Team.

It follows a series of arrests and drugs warrant conducted in the Ipswich area to disrupt county drugs lines operations in the town.

21 year old D’arrow O’Connor of Parnell Road of Ipswich appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 24 September where he pleaded not guilty to conspiring to supply crack cocaine and heroin. Following a four day trial today (Friday 27 September) he was found guilty of these offences.

At earlier hearings at Ipswich Crown Court 21 year old Brandon Alford of St John’s Road in Ipswich, 20 year old Jordan Keeble of Fife Road in Ipswich, 19 year old Afjal Miah of Allenby Road in Ipswich, an 18 year old from Ipswich who can’t be named for legal reasons, and Lemar Dagnon, aged 22 of Hilton Road in Ipswich all pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin

18 year old Morgan Peake of Ribbans Park Road pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

The convictions follow a number of warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act that took place from July 2018 to March this year at various properties including St John’s Road in Ipswich, Ford View in Stowmarket, Hilton Road in Ipswich and Fife Road in Ipswich. Large quantities of class A drugs, mobile phones containing messages consistent with the supply of class A drugs and various items of drug paraphernalia were recovered from these warrants.

O'Connor, Peake, Keeble, Miah and Alford are due to be sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on 25 October. They have been remanded in custody until this date.

The Serious Crime Disruption Team core aim is disrupt serious and organised gangs whose criminal activity focuses on issues such as drug supply and harmful personal acquisitive crime such as robbery/burglary. Its purpose is to tackle the high threat and harm issues including the supply of controlled drugs.

Detective Inspector Mark Pollikett said: "This was a great piece of work that demonstrates the real value of the SCDT. Officers develop the relevant information and intelligence, they then conduct enforcement activity and finally an officer builds the case and see the investigation through to trial.

"To see these guilty pleas and guilty conviction is another significant victory in our on-going battle to get the scourge of drugs off our streets.”

Investigating officer Detective Constable Chris Townrow said: "This was a sophisticated drugs business involving a group who were determined to sell on the streets of Ipswich bringing misery to residents and vulnerable people. The network of phones used in their dealing was a complex spider’s web of various strands and connectivity. To unpick it took a great deal of patience and time, but ultimately generated the key evidence to secure these convictions.”

"We will continue to take robust action against those who deal drugs around the county and continue to listen to concerns of residents. Our commitment to tackle Class A drug dealing in the county under the force wide Operation Velocity banner remains strong.”

"The force wants to ensure the county remains a hostile environment for those involved in the supply of drugs.”

If you suspect drug dealing is taking place or you are concerned that a young person or vulnerable adult may have been targeted by an organised crime group, please tell us. You don’t have to be certain, just concerned.

Call us on 101 or if you prefer you can contact Crimestoppers to report anonymously – online or by calling 0800 555 111.

County drugs lines is the term used to describe gangs, groups or drug networks that supply drugs from urban to suburban areas across the country, including market and coastal towns, using dedicated mobile phone lines or ‘deal lines’.
