```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-21T09:06:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-21T09:05:26+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man from Red Lodge has been jailed for nine years after he was convicted of\_ wounding with intent.\_Paul Falco, aged 39 and from Bridge End Road in Red Lodge, was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 18 December after he pleaded not guilty but was found guilty by a jury."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/paul_falco.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Red Lodge man jailed for nine years after assault conviction
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-21T09:06:59+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/red-lodge-man-jailed-nine-years-after-assault-conviction
title: Red Lodge man jailed for nine years after assault conviction | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/red-lodge-man-jailed-nine-years-after-assault-conviction
```

A man from Red Lodge has been jailed for nine years after he was convicted of wounding with intent.

Paul Falco, aged 39 and from Bridge End Road in Red Lodge, was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 18 December after he pleaded not guilty but was found guilty by a jury.

If follows an incident on 17 April this year at Worlington Hall Hotel where police received a call made to the ambulance service stating that a staff member had been badly assaulted during the early hours of the morning by three unknown males who entered the hotel, faces covered and brandishing a bat.

The male victim, aged in his 50s was discovered by a colleague after they failed to get hold of him during the same day. They have checked on him in his room in the evening and found him badly injured and he had sustained a large laceration to his face and both eyes were swollen purple and closed. The victim, who has since made a full recovery ,was taken to Addenbrookes hospital with a suspect fractured skull and broken leg.

Following investigations Falco was arrested on 14 May and subsequently charged. The two other suspects were never identified.

Det Constable Andy Day from Bury St Edmunds CID said: " This was an extremely vicious attack that left the victim needing extensive treatment to his injuries. The fact he had sustained a head injury and was left unconscious for several hours in a room alone makes it remarkable in that that he has managed a full recovery and that there was no long lasting permanent damage.”
