```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-29T17:03:37+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-25T12:36:54+01:00'
og:
  description: "Two men arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm following an incident in Bury St Edmunds remain under investigation as enquiries continue.The incident took place at a licensed premises on Glastonbury Road in the town on Friday 22 September where a noxious substance was thrown in a woman\u2019s face.Two 25-year-old men were arrested on Wednesday, 27 September, and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.They have now been released from police custody but remain under investigation in connection with the incident."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Bury St Edmunds - noxious substance update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-29T17:03:37+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2017/bury-st-edmunds-noxious-substance-update
title: Bury St Edmunds - noxious substance update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2017/bury-st-edmunds-noxious-substance-update
```

Two men arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm following an incident in Bury St Edmunds remain under investigation as enquiries continue.

The incident took place at a licensed premises on Glastonbury Road in the town on Friday 22 September where a noxious substance was thrown in a woman’s face.

Two 25-year-old men were arrested on Wednesday, 27 September, and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

They have now been released from police custody but remain under investigation in connection with the incident.

## Previous release | 27 Sept 2017

Detectives are appealing for witnesses or information following an incident in Bury St Edmunds in which a noxious substance was thrown in a woman’s face. The incident took place at a licensed premises on Glastonbury Road in the town on Friday 22 September at around 11pm. Two men, one wearing a hooded top and one wearing a baseball cap, entered the pub and threw a noxious substance from a bottle which hit a woman in the face. The victim, a woman in her thirties, was treated at the scene by East of England ambulance staff and then taken to hospital for further assessment. At this time she has temporarily lost the sight in one eye and is receiving further medical attention. Work is underway to determine what the substance was. Officers are not treating the incident as a random attack, however the victim is not believed to have been the intended target. At just after 10pm on the same evening police received a number of calls that two vehicles were driving dangerously on Out Risbygate and Newmarket Road in Bury St Edmunds. It was reported that two cars, thought to be a blue Ford Fiesta and a Vauxhall Insignia (possibly a white or silver estate) were driving in a dangerous manner and were colliding with each other. Officers are looking at possible connections between this incident and the attack in the Glastonbury Road. Witnesses to either incident or anybody who has any information are asked to call CID West on 101 reference 62635/17. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 27 September 2017

Two 25 year old males have been arrested on suspicion of GBH in connection with an incident that took place in Bury St Edmunds last Friday. The incident took place at a licensed premises on Glastonbury Road in the town on Friday 22 September where a noxious substance was thrown in a woman’s face. The two men were arrested in Bury St Edmunds this afternoon and taken to Bury Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned.
