```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-30T10:03:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-30T10:03:09+00:00'
og:
  description: "Bury response officer PC Emily Bean has raised \xA3440 for the Bury St. Edmunds Royal British Legion Poppy Appeal."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/emilybean.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bury police officer raises \xA3440 for the Poppy Appeal"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-30T10:03:09+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bury-police-officer-raises-ps440-poppy-appeal
title: "Bury police officer raises \xA3440 for the Poppy Appeal | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bury-police-officer-raises-ps440-poppy-appeal
```

Bury response officer PC Emily Bean has raised £440 for the Bury St Edmunds Royal British Legion Poppy Appeal with the sale of over 150 specially made Suffolk Constabulary poppy pin badges.

A cheque for £440.02 was presented to honorary poppy appeal organiser Mrs Pip Davies, chairman of the Bury St. Edmunds women’s section of the Royal British Legion, with which the Poppy Appeal is affiliated.

PC Emily Bean of Bury Response NRT3 at Suffolk Police says,

“I was delighted with the incredible response from my colleagues in support of the local poppy appeal.

“The initial forty badges that were available in June were so popular with staff and officers in the west of the county that they sold out in two days. A second batch of sixty badges were ordered and when they arrived in July they again sold out in two days. A final order was made for fifty badges and these also sold out.”

I would really like to pass on my heartfelt thanks to all the officers and staff in the west of the county who supported our campaign by purchasing a badge.

The sale of over 150 badges has allowed us to raise £440.00 for the appeal, and we are pleased to make this donation to help local veterans in need. “

Mrs Pip Davies says,

“This was a lovely surprise and I’d like to thank Emily and all her work colleagues at Suffolk Police for this donation towards our campaign.

This donation will stay in the county of Suffolk and will benefit many local veterans and service personnel who are seeking support.

Charities all over the country have been hit hard by the events of 2020 and as we are completely reliant on charitable donations, all fundraising is deeply appreciated.

I’m always so incredibly proud of the people of Bury St Edmunds and Suffolk for their generosity.”

Temporary Superintendent Simon Mills, Western Area Commander for Suffolk Police, says,

“Given the current environment we are particularly pleased to be able to support the local branch of the Royal British Legion.

It is a cause which resonates with me personally having spent over five years at Wattisham in the Army Air Corps prior to joining the police force.

The money raised will benefit many veterans who are in need of support and I’d like to thank Emily and everyone who has made a donation to support the appeal.”

## Gallery
