```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-23T11:24:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-20T17:00:04+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are reminding residents to review their home security this summer following four burglaries in Bramford.The first incident occurred between 1.30am and 1.47am on Saturday 14 July when an attempt was made to gain entry to three sheds at Bramford Bowls Club in Acton Road. (40036/18).\_A second incident occurred shortly after 12.35am on Monday 16 July at a property in Leggatt Drive.\_ A wallet containing an amount of cash and a set of car keys were stolen. It is not known how entry was gained. (39481/18)."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Bramford - Reminder to residents after four burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-23T11:24:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-07-2018/bramford-reminder-residents-after-four-burglaries
title: Bramford - Reminder to residents after four burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-07-2018/bramford-reminder-residents-after-four-burglaries
```

Police are reminding residents to review their home security this summer following four burglaries in Bramford.

The first incident occurred between 1.30am and 1.47am on Saturday 14 July when an attempt was made to gain entry to three sheds at Bramford Bowls Club in Acton Road. (40036/18).

A second incident occurred shortly after 12.35am on Monday 16 July at a property in Leggatt Drive. A wallet containing an amount of cash and a set of car keys were stolen. It is not known how entry was gained. (39481/18).

A further incident occurred between 11pm on Wednesday 18 July and 7am yesterday, Thursday 19 July at a property in Angel Place. An unknown offender entered via an insecure conservatory window and a folding knife was stolen. (40419/18).

A property in Acton Close was also entered at approximately 4.30am yesterday, Thursday 19 July. The residents were woken by the sound of their car starting. One of the residents went outside and witnessed two male offenders wearing dark clothing and scarves around their faces. The offenders then left the vehicle and ran away. Items from the property were found inside the vehicle. Entry to the property may have been gained via an insecure window. (40254/18)

Officers are currently keeping an open mind regarding whether these incidents are linked and enquiries are ongoing. In the meantime, officers are taking this opportunity to advise people of some crime prevention measures as the warm weather continues:

LOCK
• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

LIGHT
• Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
•You could also consider installing a Ring doorbell camera in order to potentially film an opportunist burglar in action. For more information, visit http://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-02-2018/suffolk-constabulary-continues-tackle-burglary-help-smart-technology
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

HIDE
• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

Anyone who witnessed any of the incidents, saw any suspicious activity or has knowledge of any of the incidents should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
