```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-08T17:06:19+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-08T17:05:58+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police in Lowestoft are warning motorists to be vigilant with security following a spate of vehicle crime in the town.Over the past two weeks there have been in the region of 50 offences, including theft from a vehicle, criminal damage and interference with a vehicle.The crimes have taken place at locations across the town, in particular in the following areas: Kirkley; Carlton; St Margaret\u2019s, Gunton and also Oulton Broad."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Warning following spate of vehicle crimes"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-08T17:06:19+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-warning-following-spate-vehicle-crimes
title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Warning following spate of vehicle crimes | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-warning-following-spate-vehicle-crimes
```

Police in Lowestoft are warning motorists to be vigilant with security following a spate of vehicle crime in the town.

Over the past two weeks there have been in the region of 50 offences, including theft from a vehicle, criminal damage and interference with a vehicle.

The crimes have taken place at locations across the town, in particular in the following areas: Kirkley; Carlton; St Margaret’s, Gunton and also Oulton Broad.

Officers are reminding people to always secure their vehicles and to not leave anything on view inside even if it isn’t valuable, as a thief will not necessarily know this and often still take a chance on breaking in to see if it is worth taking.

Anyone who believes they may have witnessed a vehicle crime in any of the areas mentioned above, or who has any information relating to them, is asked to contact Lowestoft Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Vehicle owners are asked to consider the following security advice:

 * Do not leave anything on display in your car, thieves can sometimes mistake them for valuables and the damage they can do to the car to get in can be costly.
 * Take all your belongings with you when you leave the car. If you cannot, then lock them in the boot out of sight.
 * Sat Navs – remove unit and holder from windscreen, wipe the residue circle from the screen (this could indicate to a thief you have hidden the unit in the car).
 * Keep your keys safe and fit security devices - electronic immobiliser, mechanical immobiliser, locking wheel nuts, vehicle alarm.
 * Etching - have your vehicles registration number etched onto all glass surfaces on the vehicle.
 * Security Marking - consider marking all your valuables, especially those that you frequently take in your car. Mark them with your postcode or other unique identification
 * Doors and Windows - lock all doors; close all windows and the sunroof every time you leave your car, even if it is just for a few minutes.
 * Parking - use your garage and always lock it as well as your car. If you do not have a garage, try to park in a well-lit place or somewhere that is overlooked.
 * When you park your car away from home, try to avoid places that are unattended, have easy access and are concealed from public view.
