```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-10-18T16:04:45+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-16T16:19:20+00:00'
og:
  description: A 17-year-old boy, who was convicted of murder following a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year, has been jailed for life.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/kieranhayward_-_website.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Teenager sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of Daniel Saunders in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-10-18T16:04:45+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-12-2018/teenager-sentenced-life-imprisonment-murder-daniel-saunders-ipswich
title: Teenager sentenced to life imprisonment for murder of Daniel Saunders in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-12-2018/teenager-sentenced-life-imprisonment-murder-daniel-saunders-ipswich
```

> Kieran Hayward

A 17-year-old boy, who was convicted of murder following a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year, has been jailed for life.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, was attacked in Turin Street on Sunday 16 December and died at the scene of the incident.

Kieran Hayward, of Hasted Close, Bury St Edmunds, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Monday 7 October, where he was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 19 years.

Hayward had previously been found guilty of murder by a unanimous verdict at the crown court on Wednesday 21 August, following a six-week trial. He was also sentenced to 12-months detention and training to run concurrently, for possession of a bladed article on 20 December 2018.

Five other people were also convicted on 21 August in relation to the attack, with the jury finding them guilty for the offence of assisting an offender.

Four of them have been sentenced today as follows:

 * Benjamin Gosbell, aged 20, of Gratian Close, Highwoods, Colchester. Sentenced to 30 months’ imprisonment.
 * Arjun Jadeja, aged 18, of The Nook, Wivenhoe. Sentenced to 30 months’ detention in a Young Offender Institution.
 * Kieran Elliott, aged 17, of Stanford Road, Colchester. Sentenced to an 18-month detention and training order.
 * Olusola Durojaiye, aged 33, of Appleton Mews, Colchester. Sentenced to 12-months’ imprisonment suspended for two years, 250 hours unpaid work and a 15-day rehabilitation activity requirement.

A 16-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds (who cannot be named for legal reasons), who was also convicted of assisting an offender, will be sentenced on Friday 25 October.

> Left to right: Benjamin Gosbell, Arjun Jadeja and Kieran Elliott

Daniel Saunders was stabbed by Kieran Hayward in an alleyway behind houses in Turin Street, at around 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December 2018. He managed to run out of the alleyway into Kenyon Street, where he then collapsed before members of the public came to his aid and called an ambulance.

Daniel died in the street where he collapsed and the post mortem examination concluded that he had sustained a single stab wound to the abdomen by a blade approximately one foot in length. He suffered catastrophic blood loss as a result of the massive internal damage he sustained.

A murder inquiry was launched by the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team and detectives immediately began to uncover the circumstances leading-up to the attack on Daniel.

Kieran Hayward was a runner for a Class A drugs supply organisation calling themselves ‘Rico and Frank’. On the weekend that Daniel Saunders was murdered, Hayward and Benjamin Gosbell were dealing drugs from the flat of a vulnerable man in the Wherstead Road area of Ipswich.

On the afternoon of Sunday 16 December, Hayward was out on the streets selling drugs in the Wherstead Road area. Daniel Saunders was also in the same area accompanied by a friend. They saw Hayward and recognised him as a drug dealer and they followed him into the alleyway behind Turin Street where he was selling drugs to other users.

Daniel Saunders bought some drugs from Hayward, at which point his friend – who was then walking back out of the alleyway – heard Daniel cry out and the saw him running away with blood pouring from his stomach and Hayward holding a large knife. Daniel’s friend attested that Hayward then ran towards him and so he ran away fearing for his own life.

The police investigation that followed found that after the attack on Daniel Saunders, Kieran Hayward returned to the flat they were operating from and Gosbell called a taxi to take them to the Premier Inn in Colchester, where they met up with Jadeja, Elliott and the 16-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds.

They had been using a room at the Premier Inn as a temporary base for the ‘Rico and Frank’ operation and whilst there Gosbell, Jadeja, Elliott and the 16-year-old assisted Hayward to dispose of his clothing and commence a clean-up operation in the room.

Olusola Durojaiye acted as a driver for the group and his people carrier was captured on CCTV arriving at the Premier Inn at 6.20pm the same day, where he picked up Hayward and the 16-year-old from Bury St Edmunds.

Durojaiye then drove them to a caravan owned by Jadeja’s family, which was located at a holiday park in St Osyth. Here they met Gosbell, Jadeja and Elliott, who had left the Premier Inn in a taxi at around 3pm.

Detectives had traced the group to the caravan park within a matter of days and Hayward, Jadeja, Elliott and the 16-year-old were arrested on Thursday 20 December. The arrests of Gosbell and Durojaiye followed on 25 January and 29 January respectively, both taking place in Colchester.

The investigation also found that on Saturday 15 December - the day prior to the attack on Daniel Saunders - Durojaiye had driven Hayward, Gosbell, Jadeja and Elliott to Southend, where Durojaiye assisted them in buying two machetes after they were initially refused for being too young.

Officers conducted a vast number of enquires to piece together the events of the days preceding Daniel’s murder and the days immediately afterwards, culminating in the arrests in St Osyth.

This involved reviewing hours of CCTV footage, including in the area around Turin Street, the Premier Inn at Colchester and also the group attending the shop in Southend where the machetes were purchased.

Once this evidence was combined with analysis of mobile phones used by the suspects, tracking of the vehicles they had travelled in - including both Durojaiye’s car and taxis they used, the seizure of weapons and other evidence found at the various locations they had stayed at, all on top of witness testimony, a solid and ultimately proven case was built against them.

> Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “The sentences handed down today reflect the severity of the crime and I hope will allow Daniel Saunders’ family to now begin the slow process of moving forward with their lives.
>
> “This was a fast-moving investigation from the very beginning and due to the hard work of all the officers and staff involved, we were very quickly able to identify Kieran Hayward as the prime suspect for the murder, along with a number of his associates, culminating in the arrests of Hayward and three of the others just four days after the attack.
>
> “Everyone involved with investigating this case worked extremely hard to enable us to gather all the evidence, make further arrests, bring charges and be ready to go to trial all in the space of sixth months, which was no easy task.
>
> “Daniel’s murder was an act of extreme violence and has once again demonstrated how dangerous the world of drug-dealing is and which has seemingly become more violent since the advent of county lines.
>
> “Suffolk Police continues to do all it can to tackle the evil world of drugs supply and the associated knife crime that often goes with it, as too many families are being left to pick up the pieces of the devastation it causes. Alongside taking the enforcement action, we are committed to working with partner agencies on preventing people from becoming involved with drugs - whether as a user or runner.
>
> “If you believe someone you know may be getting drawn into this world there is help available from a number of support agencies, the details of which can be found on the Suffolk Police website, as well as that of Suffolk County Council and local authorities.”

Below is a list of some of the agencies who can offer support and advice:

 * Fearless: https://www.fearless.org/en
 * Suffolk Young People’s Health Project 4YP: https://www.4yp.org.uk/
 * Turning Point: https://www.turning-point.co.uk/
 * Suffolk Positive Futures: https://www.catch-22.org.uk/services/suffolk-positive-futures-2/
 * Talk to Frank: https://www.talktofrank.com/

## Previous release | 21 August 2019

A teenage boy has been found guilty of murder following a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year.

Daniel Saunders (pictured right), aged 32 and originally from Surrey, was attacked in Turin Street on Sunday 16 December and died at the scene of the incident.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons – was convicted of murder at Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 21 August, after the jury unanimously found him guilty following a trial which lasted over six weeks.

Five other people were also convicted by the court today in relation to the attack, with the jury finding them guilty for the offence of assisting an offender. They are as follows:

 * Arjun Jadeja, aged 18, of The Nook, Wivenhoe, near Colchester
 * Benjamin Gosbell, aged 20, of Gratian Close, Highwoods, Colchester
 * Olusola Durojaiye, aged 33, of Appleton Mews, Colchester
 * A 16-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds and a 17-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons)

Daniel Saunders was stabbed by the 17-year-old from Bury St Edmunds in an alleyway behind houses in Turin Street at around 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December 2018. He managed to run out of the alleyway into Kenyon Street, where he then collapsed before members of the public came to his aid and called an ambulance.

Daniel died in the street where he collapsed and the post mortem examination concluded that he had sustained a single stab wound to the abdomen by a blade approximately one foot in length. He suffered catastrophic blood loss as a result of the massive internal damage he sustained.

A murder inquiry was launched by the Joint Norfolk and Suffolk Major Investigation Team and detectives immediately began to uncover the circumstances leading-up to the attack on Daniel.

Daniel’s killer was a drugs runner for a Class A drugs supply organisation calling themselves ‘Rico and Frank’. On the weekend that Daniel Saunders was murdered, his attacker and Benjamin Gosbell were dealing drugs from the flat of a vulnerable man in the Wherstead Road area of Ipswich. It is a common tactic of drug dealers to coerce drug addicts into letting them use their home and is referred to as ‘cuckooing’.

On the afternoon of Sunday 16 December, the 17-year-old from Bury St Edmunds was out on the streets selling drugs in the Wherstead Road area. Daniel Saunders was also in the same area accompanied by a friend. They saw the 17-year-old and recognised him as a drug dealer and they followed him into the alleyway behind Turin Street where he was selling drugs to other users.

Daniel Saunders’ friend bought some drugs from him first then turned to walk away, following which he heard Daniel cry out and run away with blood pouring from his stomach and his attacker holding a large knife. Daniel’s friend attested that the teenager then ran towards him and so he ran away fearing for his own life.

The police investigation that followed found that after the attack on Daniel Saunders, his killer returned to the flat they were operating from and Gosbell called a taxi to take them to the Premier Inn in Colchester, where they met up with Jadeja and the two other teenagers.

They had been using a room at the Premier Inn as a temporary base for the ‘Rico and Frank’ operation and whilst there Gosbell, Jadeja and the two teenage boys assisted the 17-year-old from Bury St Edmunds to dispose of his clothing and commence a clean-up operation in the room.

Olusola Durojaiye acted as a driver for the group and his people carrier was captured on CCTV arriving at the Premier Inn at 6.20pm the same day, where he picked up the two teenagers from Bury St Edmunds.

Durojaiye then drove them to a caravan owned by Jadeja’s family, which was located at a holiday park in St Osyth. Here they met Gosbell, Jadeja and the 17-year-old from Colchester, who had left the Premier Inn in a taxi at around 3pm.

Detectives had traced the group to the caravan park within a matter of days and on Thursday 20 December, officers went to the park to make initial enquires at which point they witnessed Daniel Saunders’ killer and the two other teenage boys get into a taxi.

Armed officers from Essex Police then stopped the taxi a short distance away where the three boys were arrested, with Daniel’s killer found in possession of a sword secreted down his trouser leg and the 17-year-old from Colchester found with a machete down his trousers. Officers then attended the caravan where they arrested Jadeja. The arrests of Gosbell and Durojaiye followed on 25 January and 29 January respectively, both taking place in Colchester.

The investigation also found that on Saturday 15 December - the day prior to the attack on Daniel Saunders - Durojaiye had driven the two 17-year-olds, Gosbell and Jadeja to Southend.

The purpose of this trip was to buy two machetes from a shop in the town, which was a purchase ultimately carried-out by Durojaiye, as the shopkeeper refused to sell to the others as he thought they were too young.

The motivation behind buying these weapons appeared to be as a result of another drugs runner for the ‘Rico and Frank’ business claiming an attempt had been made to rob him at some point before the weekend in question, and he alleged that it had been Daniel Saunders and his friend that were responsible.

> Detective Chief Inspector Mike Brown, on behalf of the Senior Investigating Officer DCI Caroline Millar, said: “I am pleased with the verdicts handed down today and that justice has been delivered for Daniel Saunders’ family.
>
> “However, this does not bring Daniel back for them and his tragic and utterly senseless death, has further highlighted one of the most highly devastating issues affecting numerous towns and cities across the country. This was the second murder investigation DCI Millar led in the space of two years where county lines drug dealing played a part in the attack, the other being the death of Dean Stansby in February 2017.
>
> “Daniel, like Dean, had sadly become addicted to Class A drugs, the purchase of which has seemingly become more dangerous for the addicts, as they are buying from people who regularly arm themselves with weapons in the event of any disagreement. What was even more startling about Daniel’s murder, was that his assailant was just 17 years-old, and three of those who assisted him were aged 18 or under – with the youngest being 15 at the time of the incident.
>
> “Although all of the defendants are old enough to know right from wrong, the pattern we are seeing all too frequently is that of teenagers being drawn into the dangerous world of drugs supply, which is presented to them as somewhat glamorous and a way to easily earn sizeable sums of cash.
>
> “What they need to be acutely aware of is that what they are doing is illegal and rarely ends well, as by dealing drugs and carrying weapons they are putting themselves into situations that will often spiral out of control. It is also unlikely to take them long to come to the attention of police.
>
> “Daniel Saunders’ killer should be under no illusions now as to the devastating consequences of his extreme act of violence on that Sunday afternoon last December. He brought a 32-year-old man’s life to an abrupt end with little motivation for the attack and despite his young age, he is clearly a dangerous individual and now faces a lengthy term in custody when he is sentenced.”

Sentencing will take place at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 4 October.

The 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds, Gosbell and Jadeja have all been remanded in custody pending that appearance. The 16-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds, 17-year-old boy from Colchester and Duroyaie have been granted conditional bail with curfew orders.

## Previous release | 8 April 2019

Five people have been charged in connection with a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

Five people appeared at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Monday 8 April, where they were all formally charged with assisting an offender.

They are as follows:

Arjun Jadeja, aged 18, of The Nook, Wivenhoe, near Colchester

Benjamin Gosbell, aged 20, of Gratian Close, Highwoods, Colchester

Olusola Durojaiye, aged 33, of Appleton Mews, Colchester

A 16-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds and a 17-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons)

All five were bailed to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 12 April 2019.

## Previous release I 4 April 2019

Five people have been served with summons to appear at court in connection with a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

Five people have been summonsed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Monday 8 April, where they will all be charged with assisting an offender.

They are as follows:

 * a 16-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds (originally arrested on 20 December)
 * a 17-year-old boy from Colchester (originally arrested on 20 December)
 * a 18-year-old man from the Colchester area (originally arrested on 20 December)
 * a 20-year-old man from Colchester (originally arrested on 25 January)
 * a 33-year-old man from Colchester (originally arrested on 29 January)

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 22 March 2019

Police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year have re-arrested two more people in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

On Wednesday 20 March, two people were re-arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. They are as follows:

 * a 15-year-old boy previously from Bury St Edmunds, but now residing in west London (originally arrested on 20 December)
 * a 33-year-old man from Colchester (originally arrested on 29 January)

They were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and subsequently released under investigation later the same day as enquires continue.

Four other people also arrested by officers investigating Daniel Saunders’ death remain under investigation as follows:

 * a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area, originally arrested on 20 December on suspicion of assisting an offender, being concerned in supplying a controlled drug and possession of an offensive weapon
 * a 18-year-old man from the Colchester area, originally arrested on 20 December on suspicion of assisting an offender and being concerned in supplying a controlled drug
 * a 20-year-old man from Colchester, originally arrested on 25 January on suspicion of assisting an offender and being concerned in supplying a controlled drug
 * a 44-year-old man from Ipswich, arrested on 23 February on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug

Despite an extensive investigation and numerous appeals, officers have not yet been able to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door. She may have valuable information which could assist the inquiry.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 15 March 2019

Police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year have re-arrested three people in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

On Wednesday 13 March, three people were all re-arrested in Essex on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. They are as follows:

\- a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area (originally arrested in connection with this inquiry on 20 December)
\- a 18-year-old man from the Colchester area (originally arrested in connection with this inquiry on 20 December)
\- a 20-year-old man from Colchester (originally arrested in connection with this inquiry on 25 January)

They were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and subsequently released under investigation yesterday evening, Thursday 14 March, as enquires continue.

Three other people also arrested by officers investigating Daniel Saunders’ death remain under investigation as follows:

\- a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds, arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on 20 December
\- a 33-year-old man from Colchester, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug on 29 January
\- a 44-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug, on 23 February

Despite an extensive investigation and numerous appeals, officers have not yet been able to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door. She may have valuable information which could assist the inquiry.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 26 February 2019

Police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the end of last year have made another arrest in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

On Saturday 23 February, a 44-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and subsequently released under investigation in connection with this inquiry.

Five other people also arrested by officers investigating Daniel Saunders’ death remain under investigation as follows:

 * An 18-year-old man from Colchester; a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; who were all arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on 20 December
 * A 20-year-old man from Colchester, who was also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on 25 January
 * A 33-year-old man from Colchester, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug on 29 January

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Officers are also keen to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 31 January 2019

A man arrested by police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich last month has been released from custody after being questioned by detectives.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

On Tuesday 29 January, officers arrested a 33-year-old man from Colchester on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. He was brought back to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and released under investigation pending further enquires.

Four other people also remain under investigation as follows:

 * An 18-year-old man from Colchester; a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; who were all arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on 20 December
 * A 20-year-old man from Colchester, who was also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on 25 January

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Officers are also keen to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 29 January 2019

Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich last month have made another arrest in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

This morning, Tuesday 29 January, officers arrested a 33-year-old man from Colchester on suspicion of being concerned in supplying a controlled drug. He has been brought back to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

An 18-year-old man from Colchester; a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; who were all arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on 20 December, remain under investigation.

A 20-year-old man from Colchester, who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender last Friday (25 January), also under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Officers are also keen to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 25 January 2019

Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich last month have made a further arrest in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed. Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April. Today, Friday 25 January, officers arrested a 20-year-old man from Colchester on suspicion of assisting an offender. He was taken into police custody for questioning and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

An 18-year-old man from Colchester; a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; who were all arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on 20 December, remain under investigation.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Officers are also keen to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1​​​​​​ ​or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 24 January 2019

Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich last month are renewing an appeal to trace a woman who stopped to assist the victim of the attack.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - has been charged with murder in connection with the attack and appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 January, where he was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

Police are now renewing an appeal to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the stabbing took place on 16 December and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “Our officers have carried-out a huge amount of work in the five weeks or so since Daniel Saunders was tragically killed and we are making every effort to bring those responsible for his death to justice.

“We have spoken to numerous witnesses who were in the vicinity of the attack around the time it occurred, and a number of them have described seeing the woman described above in the people carrier.

“It would appear she came to the victim’s aid and assisted other people already tending to him, but left the scene prior to the arrival of emergency services. We are very keen to trace her and speak to her as she may have information that could assist the inquiry.”

An 18-year-old man from Colchester who was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and was due to answer bail on Friday 18 January, has now been released under investigation.

A 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; who were both also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender remain under investigation.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 11 January 2019

A teenager has appeared at court charged with murder following a fatal stabbing in Ipswich last month.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders (pictured right), aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - was arrested on Wednesday 9 January and taken into police custody for questioning.

He was subsequently charged with murder and also possession of a bladed article in a public place (this relates to an offence in Essex on 20 December) and remanded to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Friday 11 January.

Magistrates committed him to Ipswich Crown Court where he appeared this afternoon and was remanded in custody pending a next hearing on Friday 12 April.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 – who were arrested in connection with the incident on Sunday 16 December, answered bail earlier today and will face no further police action.

The murder accused had been previously arrested in the Clacton area of Essex on Thursday 20 December and subsequently released on bail after being questioned.

Three other teenagers also arrested at the same time remain on bail or under investigation as follows: an 18-year-old man from Colchester arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender was released on police bail until 18 January; a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, were released under investigation.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Officers are also keen to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 10 January 2019 - 9.30pm

A teenager has been charged with murder by detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich last month.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders (pictured right) aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds – who cannot be named for legal reasons - was arrested yesterday, Wednesday 9 January, and taken into police custody for questioning.

He has now been charged with murder and remanded in custody to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Friday 11 January.

He had been previously arrested in the Clacton area of Essex on Thursday 20 December and subsequently released on bail after being questioned. Three other teenagers also arrested at the same time remain on bail or under investigation as follows:

An 18-year-old man from Colchester arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender was released on police bail until 18 January; a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, were released under investigation.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 – who were arrested in connection with the incident on Sunday 16 December, are due to answer police bail tomorrow.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Officers are also keen to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and assisted the victim. She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 10 January 2019 - 1.30pm

A teenager has been re-arrested in connection with a fatal stabbing in Ipswich last month and detectives are also appealing to trace a potentially important witness.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds was re-arrested on suspicion of murder late last night, Wednesday 9 January, and was taken into police custody for questioning by detectives.

He was previously arrested in the Clacton area of Essex on Thursday 20 December and subsequently released on bail after being questioned.

Detectives are also issuing an appeal to trace a woman who stopped at the scene shortly after the attack took place and is described by other witnesses as assisting with delivering first aid to the victim.

She is described as aged in her 30s or 40s, speaking with a local accent and driving a people carrier with a sliding door. Officers are very keen for this woman to come forward as she may have information that could assist the inquiry.

Three other teenagers also arrested on 20 December remain on bail or under investigation as follows:

An 18-year-old man from Colchester arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender was released on police bail until 18 January; a 17-year-old boy from the Colchester area; and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds; also arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender were released under investigation.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 – who were arrested in connection with the incident on Sunday 16 December, are due to answer police bail tomorrow, Friday 11 January.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday 16 December, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 23 December 2018

Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich have today (23 December) released two people on bail pending further enquiries.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

Four teenagers were arrested in connection with the attack in the Clacton area of Essex on Thursday 20 December and brought back to Suffolk for questioning.

A 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds arrested on suspicion of murder, has today been released on police bail, pending further enquires until 17 January 2018.

An 18-year-old man from the Colchester area was also released on police bail, pending further enquiries until 18 January.

A 17-year-old boy, from the Colchester area, and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds have both been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 who were arrested in connection with the incident on Sunday 16 December, remain on police bail until Friday 11 January pending further enquires.

Anniversary checks were conducted in the Turin Street area this afternoon (23 December), with officers speaking with residents and passers-by as part of the on-going public engagement and reassurance patrols in connection with the incident with 21 people spoken to.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday afternoon, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 22 December 2018

Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich have been given more time to question a 17-year-old boy arrested in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

Four teenagers were arrested in connection with the attack in the Clacton area of Essex on Thursday 20 December and brought back to Suffolk for questioning.

Today, Saturday 22 December, officers made an application for a warrant of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court, where they were granted an additional 36 hours to question a 17-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds arrested on suspicion of murder, which will expire at 6pm tomorrow, Sunday.

An 18-year-old man from the Colchester area remains in police custody. A 17-year-old boy, from the Colchester area, and a 15-year-old boy from Bury St Edmunds have both now been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 – who were arrested in connection with the incident on Sunday 16 December, remain on police bail until Friday 11 January pending further enquires.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday afternoon, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 20 December 2018 - 8.30pm

Police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich on Sunday (16 December) have made four further arrests in connection with the incident.

The arrests were made in the Clacton area of Essex earlier this afternoon (Thursday 20 December).

A 17 year old male was arrested on suspicion of murder, and three males aged 15, 17 and 18 years have all been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs. The males have been taken into police custody in Suffolk where they remain for questioning.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

It is believed that the attack took place in an alleyway behind houses in Turin Street, which is also behind houses fronting on to Wherstead Road.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday afternoon, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 20 December 2018 - 3.30pm

Police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich which occurred at the weekend are now able to confirm the result of the post-mortem.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32 and originally from Surrey, died at the scene of the incident. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound to the abdomen.

It is believed that the attack took place in an alleyway behind houses in Turin Street, which is also behind houses fronting on to Wherstead Road.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 – were arrested in connection with the incident. They were taken into police custody for questioning and released on police bail until Friday 11 January pending further enquires.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday afternoon, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 18 December 2018 - 10pm

The victim of a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the weekend is being named by police as the investigation into his death continues.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December, to reports that a man had been stabbed. He was treated by ambulance personnel but sadly died at the scene.

Daniel Saunders, aged 32, and who was originally from Surrey, has now been formally identified as the victim.

It is believed that the attack took place in an alleyway behind houses in Turin Street, which is also behind houses fronting on to Wherstead Road.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 - were arrested on suspicion of murder on Sunday 16 December and taken into police custody for questioning.

All three have now been released on police bail until Friday 11 January pending further enquires.

The Crime Scenes in Turin Street have now been released, a heightened police presence will remain in the area, as officers continue with CCTV and house-to-house enquires.

Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “We continue to appeal for anyone with any information about this horrific crime to contact us immediately.

“We have undertaken numerous enquiries in the past 48 hours and we are grateful to the local residents in the area of the incident for their patience as our officers go about their work.

“Although we believe this to have been a targeted attack, we understand it has caused a great deal of concern to the local community, so as a result additional police patrols will continue in the area to provide reassurance to residents.”

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday afternoon, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 18 December 2018 - 1.15pm

Detectives investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the weekend have been granted further time to question three people who were arrested in connection with the attack.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm on Sunday 16 December, to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Ambulance personnel were also in attendance but the victim, a man aged in his 30s, sadly died at the scene. He has not yet been formally identified and a Home Office post-mortem examination is taking place today, Tuesday 18 December.

Following initial police enquiries, it is believed that the victim was attacked in an alleyway behind houses in Turin Street, which is also behind houses fronting on to Wherstead Road.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 - were arrested on suspicion of murder on Sunday 16 December and taken into police custody for questioning.

Officers made applications for warrants of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court yesterday, where they were granted an additional 36 hours to question all three suspects which will expire at 6.45am tomorrow morning, Wednesday 19 December.

Crime scenes remain in place in Turin Street and in the alleyway behind and there is a heightened police presence in the area, as officers conduct searches and carry-out forensic work, along with CCTV and house-to-house enquires.

Additional police officers will also be on patrol in the area to provide reassurance to the local community and be on hand to speak with members of the public.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road on Sunday afternoon, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team either by using the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/363718M87-PO1 or by calling 101 and quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 17 December 2018

Three people have been arrested by police investigating a fatal stabbing in Ipswich at the weekend.

Officers were called to Turin Street just after 1.50pm yesterday, Sunday 16 December, to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Ambulance personnel were also in attendance but the victim, a man aged in his 30s, sadly died at the scene. He has not yet been formally identified and a Home Office post-mortem examination is due to take place tomorrow.

Following initial police enquiries, it is believed that the victim was attacked in an alleyway behind houses in Turin Street, which is also behind houses fronting on to Wherstead Road. Police scenes remain in place in Turin Street and in the alleyway.

Three people - two men, aged 44 and 39, and a woman aged 31 - were arrested on suspicion of murder yesterday and taken into police custody where they remain for questioning.

Superintendent Kerry Cutler, Policing Commander for Ipswich, said: "Our immediate thoughts are with the family and friends of the victim following his tragic death.

"Although at the current time we do not believe this to have been a random attack, I understand that people living in the vicinity of the incident may be concerned and we will have additional officers patrolling the area over the coming days to provide reassurance.

"Knife crime is a societal issue which is unfortunately affecting the majority of towns and cities across the country and, working alongside our partner agencies, we are doing everything we can to tackle it.

"I would appeal for anyone with any information about this despicable crime to come forward immediately.”

Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in the vicinity of Turin Street, Kenyon Street and Wherstead Road yesterday afternoon, and witnessed any suspicious persons or activity, to make contact. This includes anyone driving through the area who has a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference 72682/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release | 16 December 2018

Police have launched a murder inquiry following the death of a man in Ipswich today, Sunday 16 December.

Police were called just after 1.50pm to reports that a man had been stabbed in Turin Street.

Police, paramedics and the air ambulance were in attendance. Sadly the man died at the scene.

There is a police scene at the location and a road closure will be in place in Turin Street and potentially surrounding roads.

Any witnesses to the incident, anyone with information, or persons who were in the area with Dash Cameras are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 189 of 16 December.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
