```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-26T16:48:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-26T16:47:38+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are asking residents and communities to be vigilant following a number of recent daytime and evening burglaries across south Suffolk.Over the past week there have been a number of break-ins predominantly on the east side of Ipswich and in Felixstowe. In the majority of these incidents glass in rear patio doors has been smashed to gain entry, with jewellery and cash stolen.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cctv2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Warning following daytime &amp; evening burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-26T16:48:03+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-01-2018/warning-following-daytime-evening-burglaries
title: Warning following daytime & evening burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/26-01-2018/warning-following-daytime-evening-burglaries
```

Police are asking residents and communities to be vigilant following a number of recent daytime and evening burglaries across south Suffolk.

Over the past week there have been a number of break-ins predominantly on the east side of Ipswich and in Felixstowe. In the majority of these incidents glass in rear patio doors has been smashed to gain entry, with jewellery and cash stolen.

A property on Main Road in Kesgrave was burgled at some time between Thursday 18 January and Friday 19 January; and five offences took place in Ipswich between Monday 22 January and Wednesday 24 January, at properties in Colchester Road, Rushmere Road, Penshurst Road and two in Foxhall Road.

In Felixstowe, two burglaries occurred in St Andrews Road and Penfold Road between 7pm and 11pm on Tuesday 23 January, with a further offence occurring in Garrison Lane between 5.45pm and 10pm yesterday, Thursday 25 January.

There have been other similar burglaries in Epsom Drive and Norwich Road in Ipswich, and also in Woodbridge and Barham.

Police are asking residents to help be their eyes and ears and report any suspicious activity to officers immediately. This includes if anyone hears the sound of glass smashing at a neighbouring property, sees anyone looking around a neighbour’s house when you know they are out, or receiving any cold callers to the door who do not appear to be genuine.

> Detective Inspector Holly Evans, or South CID, said: "This recent series of burglaries differs from the typical opportunist crimes where offenders generally look for insecure doors and windows.
>
> "The people committing these offences are deliberately targeting properties they believe to be unoccupied at the time and they are prepared to take the risk of creating a considerable amount of noise to break in.
>
> "We are appealing to communities to be vigilant and for residents to report any suspicious behaviour in their neighbourhood. These criminals are likely to knock on doors before they break-in to check the property is empty, but if someone is at home they will have an excuse for calling and leave.
>
> "In all these cases the properties were secure and so whilst we continue to reinforce the message to people to ensure their properties are locked at all times, I would also encourage residents to consider other security options such as intruder alarms or even security cameras, such as a doorbell camera. Restricting access to the rear of your property can also help prevent this type of offence.”
>
> "Solving and preventing burglaries is one of our top priorities and we have made a number of arrests over the past few months - many resulting in individuals being charged - but assistance from the public can be crucial in assisting us to catch those responsible.”

Anyone with information about these burglaries is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

If you believe a burglary is in progress call 999 immediately.

Further home security advice can be found below, or on the Suffolk Police website by following this link: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/home-safety

In order to reduce the risk of being a victim of such a crime, there are some steps you can take:

 * Deter access to the rear of the property by ensuring gates are locked and fences are in good repair. Fence panels should be screwed into place and should be at least 1.8 (6ft) high.
 * Remove anything that could be used to facilitate entry to the rear garden such as wheelie bins stored at the front of the house.
 * Remove anything from outside that could be used to force entry such as bricks and garden tools.
 * Lock all doors at all times. Multi-point locking/PVC doors need to be locked with the key as well as lifting the handle to be secure.
 * If you have a conservatory or porch, make sure you lock the internal doors and windows into the house as well as the external ones. Always have a fire plan so you can get out quickly if you need to.
 * Remove keys from doors and windows and ensure they are not left within reach and sight. Some burglaries have occurred when glazing has been smashed and the offender then reaches in to unlock the door to gain access.
 * If you have an alarm, use it. If you don’t, consider getting one fitted. Contact www.nsi.org.uk 01628 637512 or www.ssaib.org 0191 296 3242 for details of local suppliers
 * Register your goods for free at www.immobilise.com
