```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-09T14:53:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-09T14:53:32+00:00'
og:
  description: Police have charged a man in connection with three burglaries and the theft of a puppy.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-arrest-female-istock-1168764611.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Mid Suffolk \u2013 Man charged following burglaries and theft of puppy"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-03-09T14:53:32+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-03-2020/mid-suffolk-man-charged-following-burglaries-and-theft-puppy
title: "Mid Suffolk \u2013 Man charged following burglaries and theft of puppy | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-03-2020/mid-suffolk-man-charged-following-burglaries-and-theft-puppy
```

Police have charged a man in connection with three burglaries and the theft of a puppy.

The first incident occurred during the early hours of Saturday 7 March at a property in Kersey Close, Stowmarket.

At some point, a suspect entered a shed in the rear garden of a property which disturbed the occupants. Nothing was stolen and the suspect left the scene.

A further incident occurred between 1am and 7am, also on Saturday, at a property in Ash Road, Onehouse.

At some point during the times stated, suspect/s entered a property and stole a number of items including a pair of headphones, a jacket, a jumper, underwear and an electronic item, among other items. A four-month-old German Shepherd puppy was also stolen.

A third incident occurred between 1am and 7am on Saturday at a property, also in Ash Road, Onehouse.

During the times stated, the offender/s entered the property and stole a number of items from within including two coats, car keys, a bunch of keys and a Kindle. The car keys and coats, together with items from the other burglary in the same road, were later found nearby.

The German Shepherd puppy was also later located safe and well and was reunited with its owners.

A 22-year-old man was arrested the following day and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he was questioned.

Taylor Cobbold, 22, of Rendlesham Road, Ipswich, was subsequently charged earlier today, Monday 9 March, with two offences of burglary dwelling, burglary other and criminal damage, relating to a separate incident.

Cobbold appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Monday 9 March, where he was remanded in custody pending a further appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 6 April.
