```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-15T16:41:26+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-03T16:09:32+01:00'
og:
  description: A 52-year-old man has been convicted for the fatal shooting of his wife in Barham earlier this year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Barham \u2013 Manslaughter conviction following fatal shooting"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-15T16:41:26+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/barham-manslaughter-conviction-following-fatal-shooting
title: "Barham \u2013 Manslaughter conviction following fatal shooting | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/barham-manslaughter-conviction-following-fatal-shooting
```

A 52-year-old man has been convicted for the fatal shooting of his wife in Barham earlier this year.

Peter Hartshorne-Jones, of The Green, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today, Thursday 15 October, where he was convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. He had pleaded guilty to this at a previous hearing on 11 September

Officers were called shortly before 4.45am on Sunday 3 May, to reports a woman had been shot within a property.

Silke Hartshorne-Jones was taken to Ipswich Hospital where she died. A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that Mrs Hartshorne-Jones, 41, died as a result of a gunshot wound to the chest.

Peter Hartshorne-Jones was subsequently charged with murder. Following appearances at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court and Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 5 May, he was remanded into custody.

Two Consultant Forensic Psychiatrists assessed Peter Hartshorne-Jones in prison and had access to medical records and evidence from the investigation. They concluded that at the time of the attack Mr Hartshorne-Jones had an abnormality of mental functioning, which provides an explanation for his conduct in killing his wife, Silke.

Hartshorne-Jones has been remanded in custody pending a sentencing hearing at Ipswich Crown Court, which is expected to take place the week commencing 11 January 2021.

## Previous release | 5 May 2020

A woman who died following an incident in Barham is being named by police.

Police were called shortly before 4.45am on Sunday 3 May, to reports a woman had been shot within a property.

On arrival at the premises, officers discovered a woman, aged in her 40s, inside who had suffered serious injuries. She was transported to Ipswich Hospital via ambulance in a critical condition, where she sadly died a short time later.

Pending formal Coroner’s inquest proceedings, police have provisionally identified the body of the deceased as Silke Hartshorne-Jones, 41, from Barham.

Following the incident, a man was arrested and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he was questioned.

Peter Hartshorne-Jones, aged 51, of The Green, Barham, was subsequently charged with murder and he appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court earlier today, Tuesday 5 May.

Hartshorne-Jones made a further appearance at Ipswich Crown Court this afternoon, where he was remanded into custody.

A trial has been fixed for five days and is due to start on Monday 26 October 2020.

## Previous release | 4 May 2020

A 51-year-old man has been charged with murder following an incident in Barham.

Police were called shortly before 4.45am yesterday, Sunday 3 May, to reports a woman had been shot within a property.

On arrival at the premises, officers discovered a woman, aged in her 40s, inside who had suffered serious injuries. She was transported to Ipswich Hospital via ambulance in a critical condition, where she sadly died a short time later.

A man was arrested and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre, where he was questioned.

Peter Hartshorne-Jones, aged 51, of The Green, Barham, has subsequently been charged with murder.

Hartshorne-Jones is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Tuesday 5 May.

## Previous release | 3 May 2020

A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following an incident in Barham.

Police were called shortly before 4.45am today, Sunday 3 May, to reports a woman had been shot within a property.

On arrival at the premises, officers discovered a woman, aged in her 40s, inside who had suffered serious injuries. She was transported to Ipswich Hospital via ambulance in a critical condition, where she sadly died a short time later.

A 51-year-old man was subsequently arrested on suspicion of murder and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

A police cordon is in place at the property while an investigation is carried out.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact South CID, quoting crime reference: 37/24434/20

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
