```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-26T15:06:30+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-26T15:06:30+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are urging people to be vigilant against cold calling rogue traders following a distraction burglary in Ipswich.The incident occurred at approximately 1:45pm on Friday, 23 June, at an address in Rectory Road.The victim, an elderly woman, received a call at the door from a man who claimed to be a builder and who offered to repair some damage to a wall outside her home. She declined the work and the man left.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - distraction burglary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-26T15:06:30+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-distraction-burglary
title: Ipswich - distraction burglary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-distraction-burglary
```

Police are urging people to be vigilant against cold calling rogue traders following a distraction burglary in Ipswich.

The incident occurred at approximately 1:45pm on Friday, 23 June, at an address in Rectory Road.

The victim, an elderly woman, received a call at the door from a man who claimed to be a builder and who offered to repair some damage to a wall outside her home. She declined the work and the man left.

Within a few minutes a second man rang the doorbell, claiming that he worked for both Suffolk Police and the County Council. He advised he was investigating a man believed to be attempting to scam local residents and requested to see any bank notes the victim kept in her home in order to take down the serial numbers for reference. He left the property with several hundred pounds in cash.

The first suspect is described as white with a slight tan and of slim build. He is approximately 30-35 years’ old, 5ft 8ins in height and has short, brown hair. He was wearing an off-white t-shirt with black jeans.

The second suspect is described as white, around 30 years’ old, of skinnier build and shorter in height than the first man. He was wearing a white t-shirt with blue and green colours across the chest, and black trousers. He was also holding a clipboard.

Anyone with information, or who believes they may know the identity of the men, are urged to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 43682/17.

Police would like to remind members of the public that all officers hold identification and would never call on residents requesting they hand over cash in this manner. If you have any doubt about a cold caller, keep them out and remember you do not have to open the door.

To avoid becoming a victim of rogue traders, follow these simple steps:

• Lock your back door before answering the front door.
• Never agree to have work done by somebody who has knocked on your door.
• Use a spy hole, chain or window to have a look at the caller before answering the door and keep the chain on. If you do not recognise the caller then speak through the closed and locked door.
• Always ask for proof of identity. Take it from the person (through the letterbox) and read it carefully before deciding what to do.
• Never use a phone number provided by the caller as it could be a false number to an accomplice.
• Never pay for work before it is completed. Always agree a final price in writing and get an invoice and receipt as proof of payment.
• Do not accept any offer to drive you to the bank to withdraw money or give them your bank details.
• If you need work done, then visit www.checkatrade.com or contact your local council’s Trusted Trader Service.

For further advice on keeping yourself safe against rogue traders, please visit https://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/home-safety/rogue-traders-cold-callers.
