```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-04T12:30:52+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-04T12:30:52+01:00'
og:
  description: Police in Norfolk and Suffolk will be targeting motorists who drive under the influence of drink or drugs as part of a month-long campaign.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_roads_2015-119.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Summer campaign launched to target drink and drug driving
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-04T12:30:52+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-06-2018/summer-campaign-launched-target-drink-and-drug-driving
title: Summer campaign launched to target drink and drug driving | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-06-2018/summer-campaign-launched-target-drink-and-drug-driving
```

Police in Norfolk and Suffolk will be targeting motorists who drive under the influence of drink or drugs as part of a month-long campaign.

The campaign, which starts today (Monday 4 June) and lasts until 30 June and will see officers from both counties testing drivers who commit various offences and all drivers involved in a collision.

The officers will test for the presence of alcohol and drugs and, if over the specified limits, both offences carry an obligatory driving disqualification and in the most serious cases, imprisonment.

> **Sergeant Peter Howlett of the roads policing unit said:** "This is an offence we target all year round but the summer campaign gives us the opportunity to raise awareness of the dangers driving under the influence can have, that a minority of motorists still chose to ignore.
>
> "Drink or drug driving impairs your judgement, making your reactions slower, therefore increasing the chance of being involved in a collision.”

The campaign will involve targeted roadside activities by roads policing officers with support from uniformed colleagues across the county.

During last year's campaign (2017) 62 motorists were caught drink or drug driving in Suffolk while 25 were caught in Norfolk.

> **Suffolk Police & Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: **"As the weather improves and the barbeques are dusted off, I welcome this timely campaign to remind drivers not to drink or take drugs and drive.
>
> "It beggars belief that despite the obvious dangers, too many drivers still take to the road under the influence of drink or drugs.
>
> "All drivers need to understand that drink or drug driving risks lives and the lives of others, it is grossly irresponsible and selfish.
>
> "I hope that slowly but surely the message is getting through, this cavalier attitude to safety is completely unacceptable and I urge drivers to take heed. Sadly too many drivers have still not learnt the lesson – drink driving kills.”
