```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-15T15:28:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-15T15:27:18+00:00'
og:
  description: "Following four distraction thefts in Ipswich, police are reminding members of the public to be aware of keeping personal possessions hidden from opportunist thieves.In all four thefts, a male has entered a premises with a map requesting directions, stealing the victims\u2019 phone or purse in the process.On Saturday 26 January, at approximately 4:30pm, a young male entered Zeebra Chic on Dial Lane and requested directions on his map. As the suspect left the premises, the victim noticed her phone was missing."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Appeal following distraction thefts in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-15T15:28:26+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-02-2019/appeal-following-distraction-thefts-ipswich
title: Appeal following distraction thefts in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-02-2019/appeal-following-distraction-thefts-ipswich
```

Following four distraction thefts in Ipswich, police are reminding members of the public to be aware of keeping personal possessions hidden from opportunist thieves.

In all four thefts, a male has entered a premises with a map requesting directions, stealing the victims’ phone or purse in the process.

On Saturday 26 January, at approximately 4:30pm, a young male entered Zeebra Chic on Dial Lane and requested directions on his map. As the suspect left the premises, the victim noticed her phone was missing.

At some point between 11:30 and 11:45am on Monday 11 February, a woman reported her purse was stolen from St Mary-Le Tower Church House on Oak Lane. The victim had left her bag unattended inside the church for a short period. On her return, she saw an unknown male holding a map, requesting directions from a member of the church. After he left she noticed her purse, containing cash and cards, had been taken.

Around 1:30pm on Tuesday, 12 February, a male entered Scissor & Needles on St Helen’s Street requesting directions. After he left, the victim became aware her phone has missing.

The following day, Wednesday 13 February at around 3pm, police received a further report of distraction theft at Dress Circle in Fore Street where a phone was stolen by a male with a map.

Police believe they are looking for one suspect and are appealing for help to trace the man who is described as of slim or skinny build, with short, dark hair. He is believed to be young, possibly a teenager to early 20s, and is believed to have an eastern European accent.

Witnesses or anybody with any information are asked to call the Ipswich Safer Neighbourhood team on 101, quoting reference 8792/19.
