```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-30T12:50:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-30T12:50:13+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to a robbery that took place in Ipswich.It happened on Tuesday November 28 at about 2.25am when a man and woman were approached and assaulted by four people when waiting in a car in Bramford Road.One of the offenders grabbed the door handle and tried to enter the car and a window was smashed.Another removed the car keys and threatened the victim. The male victim handed over a sum of cash. A mobile phone and keys to the car were also taken.The male victim was then assaulted by one of the attackers who punched him in the face.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-30T12:50:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-11-2017/ipswich-robbery
title: Ipswich - robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-11-2017/ipswich-robbery
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to a robbery that took place in Ipswich.

It happened on Tuesday November 28 at about 2.25am when a man and woman were approached and assaulted by four people when waiting in a car in Bramford Road.

One of the offenders grabbed the door handle and tried to enter the car and a window was smashed.

Another removed the car keys and threatened the victim. The male victim handed over a sum of cash. A mobile phone and keys to the car were also taken.

The male victim was then assaulted by one of the attackers who punched him in the face.

The female in the car pressed the car horn continuously before the offenders ran off in the direction of Farmfoods’ car park.

The first suspect is described as a white male in his mid-40s, of light build and around 5’8”-5’9”. He is clean shaven with short darkish hair and a haggard face. He was wearing a dark coloured jacket with a light coloured top underneath and spoke with a rough Ipswich accent.

The second suspect is described as a white male in his late 30s about 5’6”-5’7” tall. He was wearing a dark coloured jacked with two grey stripes down the arms and had a dark coloured scarf around his neck.

The third suspect is described as a white male in his late 20s or early 30s.

The victims were unable to give a description of the fourth attacker.

At around 10am on the same day, the vehicle, a silver Peugeot 206, was stolen.

Police would like to get in contact with a woman seen around the time the vehicle was taken. She was wearing a white fur-lined hooded coat, light denim blue jeans or leggings and carrying a shopping bag at her side and a rucksack on her back.

Anyone who witnessed either incident, saw any suspicious activity in the area or has knowledge of the incident should contact Ipswich CID on 101 quoting crime reference 37/76200/17 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
