```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-18T13:22:48+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-04-18T13:22:48+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and information following two incidents of theft in Beccles and Lowestoft.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Beccles/Lowestoft \u2013 Appeal after thefts"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-04-18T13:22:48+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-04-2019/beccleslowestoft-%E2%80%93-appeal-after-thefts
title: "Beccles/Lowestoft \u2013 Appeal after thefts | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-04-2019/beccleslowestoft-%E2%80%93-appeal-after-thefts
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and information following two incidents of theft in Beccles and Lowestoft.

The first incident took place at around 12.35pm on Friday 12 April at Bodhi Tree in London Road South in Lowestoft.

Two males and a female entered the shop and while browsing, the female selected three pairs of leggings and placed them into her bag and left the shop without paying.

The theft in Lowestoft is being linked to a second incident that occurred at around 3pm later the same day at Michaels Jewellers in Market Street, Beccles.

Three people – two males and a female – entered the shop and confused the member of staff by asking them to try on different items and during the process, one of the offenders then grabbed and concealed several items of jewellery.

While in the shop, one of the males kissed the hand of the member of staff and the female suspect then passed fifty pounds worth of £10 notes to the member of staff.

The first male suspect is described as being in his late teens to early twenties. He had black hair with highlights and was wearing a tracksuit with a white logo printed on it.

The second male suspect is described as being slightly older than the first male, approximately 5ft 6ins and with short dark curly hair.

The female suspect is described as being aged between 48 and 50, of a large build and with gold teeth. She was wearing a floaty skirt and a scarf over her head.

Anyone with information should contact PC 1853 Henry Langham-Fitt on 101, quoting the crime number 37/20628/19 (Lowestoft) or 37/20635/19 (Beccles) or email [email protected]
