```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-23T11:12:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-23T11:08:18+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police have arrested and charged a man in connection with drug offences in Holton St Mary.\_Officers from the Operation Sentinel team were on patrol yesterday (Monday 22 March) at 12pm on A12 at Holton St Mary. The driver was searched under the Misuse of Drugs Act and a search of the vehicle, a silver VW Golf, took place.\_Officers recovered 200 to 300 plastic capsules containing white powder under the bonnet of the vehicle.The seizure is believed to be in the region of \xA310,000"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-181874783.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Drug arrest - Holton St Mary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-23T11:12:36+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/drug-arrest-holton-st-mary-0
title: Drug arrest - Holton St Mary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/drug-arrest-holton-st-mary-0
```

Police have arrested and charged a man in connection with drug offences in Holton St Mary.

Officers from the Operation Sentinel team were on patrol yesterday (Monday 22 March) at 12pm on A12 at Holton St Mary. The driver was searched under the Misuse of Drugs Act and a search of the vehicle, a silver VW Golf, took place.

Officers recovered 200 to 300 plastic capsules containing white powder under the bonnet of the vehicle.The seizure is believed to be in the region of £10,000

The male was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A drugs and was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

29 year old Arber Nenda of The Knares, Basildon, Essex was charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs, namely cocaine. He was remanded to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning (Tues 23 March).

The Sentinel team provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
