```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-05T11:57:24+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-04T14:54:02+01:00'
og:
  description: A 20-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a dangerous driving incident in Stowmarket.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man arrested after dangerous driving in Stowmarket
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-05T11:57:24+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/dangerous-driving-stowmarket
title: Man arrested after dangerous driving in Stowmarket | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/dangerous-driving-stowmarket
```

A 20-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a dangerous driving incident in Stowmarket.

At around 2.40pm on Tuesday 2 May officers out on patrol in Tavern Street had cause to request a white Renault Clio to stop.

The driver of the vehicle failed to comply with this request and a pursuit then ensued, continuing into Onehouse Road, Windermere Road, Kingsmead Road and St Edmunds Road, before mounting a pavement and entering a walkway leading to Gainsborough Road, causing a pedestrian to take evasive action.

At this point the pursuit was called-off due to the potential danger to other members of the public, but the vehicle was later located parked and unattended at around 3.50pm near to Delius Close, where it was seized by police for being uninsured.

Yesterday afternoon, Thursday 4 May, officers investigating this incident arrested a man from Stowmarket on suspicion of dangerous driving. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and has been released under investigation pending further enquires.

Police are continuing to appeal for anyone who witnessed any part of this incident to come forward. Anyone with information should contact the Stowmarket Neighbourhood Response Team on 101 quoting reference 32488/17.

## Previous release | 4 May 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses following a dangerous driving incident in Stowmarket.

At around 2.40pm on Tuesday 2 May officers out on patrol in Tavern Street had cause to request a white Renault Clio to stop.

The driver of the vehicle failed to comply with this request and a pursuit then ensued, continuing into Onehouse Road, Windermere Road, Kingsmead Road and St Edmunds Road, before mounting a pavement and entering a walkway leading to Gainsborough Road, causing a pedestrian to take evasive action.

At this point the pursuit was called-off due to the potential danger to other members of the public, but the vehicle was located parked and unattended at around 3.50pm near to Delius Close, where it was seized by police for being uninsured.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who witnessed any part of this incident. Anyone with information should contact the Stowmarket Neighbourhood Response Team on **101** quoting reference 32488/17.
