```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-23T09:47:50+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-23T09:47:50+00:00'
og:
  description: "An Ipswich man has been jailed after being convicted of a string of burglaries across Ipswich and Stowmarket.\_26 year old Sorin-Marian Constantin of Ashcroft Road, Ipswich appeared before Ipswich Crown Court where he was sentenced on Friday 18 December to five and half years in jail.\_The sentence follows a previous court appearance by Constantin in January this year when he was sentenced to six years in prison after pleading guilty to 18 burglaries that spanned from October 2018 until November 2019."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/constantin.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich man jailed for burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-23T09:47:50+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-jailed-burglaries
title: Ipswich man jailed for burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-jailed-burglaries
```

An Ipswich man has been jailed after being convicted of a string of burglaries across Ipswich and Stowmarket.

26 year old Sorin-Marian Constantin of Ashcroft Road, Ipswich appeared before Ipswich Crown Court where he was sentenced on Friday 18 December to five and half years in jail.

The sentence follows a previous court appearance by Constantin in January this year when he was sentenced to six years in prison after pleading guilty to 18 burglaries that spanned from October 2018 until November 2019.

On 8 March 2020 Constantin was interviewed by police following new compelling forensic evidence in relation to 19 additional burglaries committed across Ipswich during the same period in 2018 and 2019. Sorin pleaded guilty for these 19 burglaries along with 11 further offences he voluntarily admitted as part of Op Converter. Nine took place at residential properties in Ipswich, while another two took place in Stowmarket. The earliest took place on 30 October 2018 with the latest on 1 November 2019.

Cash, jewellery and high value electrical goods were stolen in these burglaries. Cash, jewellery and high value electrical goods were stolen in these burglaries.

The sentence he received on 18 December will run concurrently with the sentence he received in January this year.

Investigating officer DC Iain Forbes from Ipswich CID said: "There was some further great forensic work that prompted these further charges against Constantin following the initial offences that he was convicted of back in January this year. I hope these latest convictions will bring some closure for the victims who faced considerable distress when they realised they had fallen prey to his evil deeds.

"Burglary is a clear invasion of people’s homes and Sorin’s prolific criminality and actions were extremely upsetting and distressing for all his victims, many of whom are elderly.

DC Barry Simpson from the Operation Converter TIC Unit said: "This result just demonstrates what a great asset Op Converter is as it is geared at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes and gives victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary. To see him get convicted is of great satisfaction and a sentence that reflects the overall hard work that was put in to see him behind bars.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing.
