```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-17T09:34:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-17T01:12:36+00:00'
og:
  description: A missing 22-year-old man who is believed to have been involved in a road traffic collision in Snape has been found.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer_on_radio.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Missing man from Rendlesham found
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-17T09:34:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-02-2018/missing-man-rendlesham-found
title: Missing man from Rendlesham found | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-02-2018/missing-man-rendlesham-found
```

A missing 22-year-old man who is believed to have been involved in a road traffic collision in Snape has been found.

Officers were called at 6.55pm yesterday evening, Friday 16 February, to reports of a single vehicle collision on the B1069 between Tunstall and Snape.

Timothy Sugrue, from Rendlesham, was believed to have been driving the car involved and could not be located following the collision. It was feared he may have been injured and as a result he was treated as missing person, but he has been found safe and well this morning, Saturday 17 February.

Police would like to thank members of the public and media for their assistance with this appeal.

## Previous release | 17 February 2018 | 00:55

Police are appealing for help to trace a missing man who is believed to have been involved in a road traffic collision in Snape.

Officers were called at 6.55pm yesterday evening, Friday 16 February, to reports of a single vehicle collision on the B1069 between Tunstall and Snape.

The vehicle was described as flipping up in the air and then rolling a number of times, after which the driver exited and went into the nearby heathland. It is likely that the driver would have been injured during this incident.

It is believed that the car was being driven by 22-year-old Timothy Sugrue from Rendlesham, who is now being treated as missing person. He is described as white, 6ft 2in tall, of slim build, with short dark brown hair and last seen wearing a white top and dark-coloured trousers.

Officers are concerned for his welfare and searches are ongoing in the area, with the assistance of police dog units, a National Police Air Service helicopter and Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue.

Anyone who believes they have seen Timothy is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference CAD 370 of 16 February.
