```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-29T13:55:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-02T14:11:08+01:00'
og:
  description: The body of a man has been recovered from the seashore in Sussex.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Body of man found on seashore in Sussex
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-29T13:55:43+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/body-man-found-seashore-sussex
title: Body of man found on seashore in Sussex | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/body-man-found-seashore-sussex
```

The body of a man has been recovered from the seashore in Sussex.

Officers from Sussex Police were called on Monday 20 October following reports that a body had been found on the seashore at Cuckmere Haven, between Eastbourne and Seaford in Sussex.

Following a number of enquiries carried out by both Sussex and Suffolk police, the body, pending formal Coroner’s inquest proceedings, has been provisionally identified as 34-year-old Matthew Bursey from Exning.

Officers are treating the death as unexplained but do not believe there to be any suspicious circumstances at this stage.

A file will be prepared for the coroner in due course.

Matthew’s next-of-kin have been informed.

## Previous release | 19 October 2020

Police are renewing an appeal to locate a missing man from Suffolk who may be in the Sussex area.

34-year-old Matthew Bursey from Exning was last seen at his home address on Thursday 1 October and has not been seen since.

He is described as slim build, brown hair and was wearing a navy waist length jacket with navy chinos and brown trainers.

Police remain concerned for his welfare and it is believed he may have travelled to the Sussex area.

Anyone with any information on Matthew’s whereabouts should contact police on 101 quoting CAD reference Suffolk 470 of Thursday 1 October or Sussex CAD 1436.

## Previous release | 2 October 2020

Police are appealing for information to locate a missing man from Suffolk.

34-year-old Matthew Bursey from Exning was last seen at his home address on Thursday 1 October and has not been seen since.

He is described as slim build, brown hair and was wearing a navy waist length jacket with navy chinos and brown trainers.

It is believed he may have travelled to the Sussex area.

Anyone with any information on Matthew’s whereabouts should contact police on 101 quoting CAD reference Suffolk 470 of Thursday 1 October or Sussex CAD 1436.
