```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-09T11:34:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-08T15:12:36+01:00'
og:
  description: A man has been charged and four other people have been bailed in connection with a series of burglaries in Mid Suffolk and South Norfolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/operation_askham_1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged and four bailed following burglary series investigation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-07-09T11:34:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-and-four-bailed-following-burglary-series-investigation
title: Man charged and four bailed following burglary series investigation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-and-four-bailed-following-burglary-series-investigation
```

A man has been charged and four other people have been bailed in connection with a series of burglaries in Mid Suffolk and South Norfolk.

Officers executed search warrants across five locations in Wortham, Stowmarket, Ipswich and Barham yesterday, Wednesday 8 July.

The warrants follow a seven-month investigation into a series of burglaries and goes under the name Operation Askham.

Five individuals – four men aged 30, 49, 60, and 42 and - one woman aged 48 – were all arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit burglary and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

John Smith, 30, of Kent Road, Stowmarket, was subsequently charged with attempted burglary and was released on bail. He is due to return to police on Thursday 30 July.

The three other men – aged 49, 60 and 42 – and the woman aged 48 – were also released on bail and are due to return on the same date.

## Previous release | 8 July 2020

Five people have been arrested in connection with a series of burglaries during a pre-planned operation this morning.

Earlier today, Wednesday 8 July, officers from Stowmarket, Diss and Ipswich executed search warrants across five locations in Wortham, Stowmarket, Ipswich and Barham.

Five individuals – four men aged 30, 49, 60, and 42 and one woman aged 48 – were all arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit burglary and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The warrants follow a seven-month investigation into a series of burglaries in Mid Suffolk and South Norfolk and goes under the name Operation Askham.

Cash, suspected drugs, alcohol, gardening equipment, lead, metal detectors, tools, bikes and fishing equipment, among other property, were seized as part of the operation.

Inspector Shawn Wakeling said: “I’m extremely pleased with today’s results in relation to Operation Askham.
This investigation corresponds to a number of burglaries in recent months which we have worked hard on, collaborating with our Norfolk colleagues in order to bring the offenders to justice.

“Officers have been working tirelessly behind the scenes to identify the people responsible for these incidents. Due to operational reasons, this information cannot always be shared at the time. However, I want to reassure the public and confirm that this investigation is continuing and as a result, more arrests may follow.

“Burglary is a very intrusive offence and often leaves lasting trauma long after the investigation has concluded, so we would urge anyone who may have been a victim and has not yet reported the incident, to come forward. This information could be vital to us solving these crimes.”

The investigation into the burglary series is ongoing and officers are appealing to anyone who has any information they believe may be relevant to come forward.

Anyone who has any information about a recent burglary in the Mid Suffolk or surrounding areas, is asked to contact Stowmarket Safer Neighbourhood Team, quoting Op Askham.

Email - [email protected]

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
