```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-29T15:23:20+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-27T11:40:48+00:00'
og:
  description: "A woman who died following a collision in Great Bradley is being named by police, as her family pay tribute to her.Police were called around 10.10am on Tuesday \_27 December , to reports of a collision involving a Vauxhall Corsa car and a pedestrian on the B1061 at Great Bradley.The pedestrian, Claire Taylor, aged 41 from Great Bradley sadly died at the scene, \_despite the efforts of ambulance personnel and police.Claire\u2019s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/claire_taylor2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Great Bradley - Woman named as family pay tribute
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-29T15:23:20+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/great-bradley-woman-named-family-pay-tribute
title: Great Bradley - Woman named as family pay tribute | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/great-bradley-woman-named-family-pay-tribute
```

A woman who died following a collision in Great Bradley is being named by police, as her family pay tribute to her.

Police were called around 10.10am on Tuesday 27 December , to reports of a collision involving a Vauxhall Corsa car and a pedestrian on the B1061 at Great Bradley.

The pedestrian, Claire Taylor, aged 41 from Great Bradley sadly died at the scene, despite the efforts of ambulance personnel and police.

Claire’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

“Claire Taylor is a much loved wife, mother, daughter and sister. Claire loved life in all its many facets, kind and understanding to all her family, both near and far, friends and work colleagues. Claire was training hard for the Rome marathon that she was running in April 2017, her training was going well and she was on target. Claire will be sorely missed by all who knew her but especially her husband, two children, mother and family.”

## Previous release - 27 December - 11.35am

Emergency services are currently on the scene of a serious collision on the B1061 at Great Bradley.

Police were called around 10.10am this morning, Tuesday 27 December , to reports of a collision involving a Vauxhall Corsa and a pedestrian.

The air ambulance is on the scene and the road is currently closed in both directions.

Witnesses are asked to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD 105 of today.

## Update - 27 December

Roads policing officers have confirmed that a woman sadly died at the scene of a fatal collision earlier this morning in Great Bradley.

Police were called around 10.10am this morning, Tuesday 27 December, to reports of a collision involving a Vauxhall Corsa car and a pedestrian on the B1061 at Great Bradley

The pedestrian, a woman in her forties, was treated by paramedics but sadly died at the scene.

The air ambulance attended the scene and the road is currently closed in both directions, whilst an investigation continues into what took place. The road is expected to re-open later this evening.

Witnesses who saw the collision or have any information are asked to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD 105 of today, 27 December.
