```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-08T16:19:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-23T11:15:52+01:00'
og:
  description: A Stanton man has been jailed for six years after pleading guilty to burglary and firearm offences in west Suffolk.Stephen Mainwaring, aged 51 and from Stanton was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 8 November.Mainwaring was arrested on Thursday 24 August and charged with seven offences, including five burglaries and two vehicle thefts in the areas of Ixworth, Stowlangtoft and Bury St Edmunds.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mainwaring_stephen.jpeg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for burglary and firearm offences - west Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-08T16:19:42+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-08-2017/man-jailed-burglary-and-firearm-offences-west-suffolk
title: Man jailed for burglary and firearm offences - west Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-08-2017/man-jailed-burglary-and-firearm-offences-west-suffolk
```

A Stanton man has been jailed for six years after pleading guilty to burglary and firearm offences in west Suffolk.

Stephen Mainwaring, aged 51 and from Stanton was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 8 November.

Mainwaring was arrested on Thursday 24 August and charged with seven offences, including five burglaries and two vehicle thefts in the areas of Ixworth, Stowlangtoft and Bury St Edmunds.

Between his arrest and today’s sentencing, Mainwaring chose to work with officers from the Suffolk Police Operation Converter team and went on to admit a further 30 offences of burglary in Stanton, Ixworth, Bardwell, Great Barton, Norton and surrounding villages. He also had one additional vehicle theft taken into consideration.

Mainwaring was given a six year sentence; four and a half years for the burglaries and 18 months for possession of a shotgun.
The crimes in question occurred between February 2015 and August 2017 and it is believed that the total value of items he stole exceeds £290,000, some of which has subsequently been recovered.

Detective Inspector Andrew Smethurst said: "Stephen Mainwaring is a prolific criminal who left a trail of misery for his victims over a period of 30 months.

"This sentence reflects the full gravity of the burglary offences, and is the culmination of months of hard work from a team of dedicated detectives and police officers, who do not give up on securing justice for the victims of break-ins – regardless of the passage of time since the offence.

"Burglary is a traumatic and distressing crime and I hope Mainwaring’s sentence provides some small comfort to his numerous victims.

"One offender can often be responsible for a number of crimes and the Operation Converter team work to encourage individuals to be honest with us so they can be sentenced for all offences, and then choose to move on when they are released.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further crime. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.

## Previous release | 25 August 2017

Police investigating a series of burglaries in west Suffolk have charged a man.

Stephen Paul Mainwaring, aged 50 from Stanton, was yesterday, Friday 25 August, charged with seven burglary offences:

 * * Ixworth - sometime between 5 August and 17 August, theft of a shotgun, jewellery and cash
 * Ixworth - on or before 16 August, theft of jewellery and a Peugeot car
 * Ixworth – sometime between 28 July and 2 August, theft of 4 carriage clocks, and numerous bags containing postcards, stamps and correspondence
 * Stowlangtoft – sometime between 31 July and 4 August, theft of a silver tea set, wine, jewellery, cycles, tools, clothing and Harley Davidson motorcycle
 * Stowlangtoft – on 31 July and 4 August, theft of a Harley Davison motorcycle
 * Bury St. Edmunds - sometime between 30 July and 3 August, theft of a Citroen vehicle, laptop, jewellery and other items
 * Bury St. Edmunds - on 12 August and 17 August, theft of a Peugeot car

On Thursday 24 August, officers arrested Mainwaring and an 18-year-old man in connection with the incidents. A 46-year-old woman was also arrested on suspicion of possession of criminal property. The 18-year-old man and the woman have now been released under investigation.

Officers are continuing to search an address on Shepherds Grove Industrial Estate, Stanton today in connection with the investigation.

Mainwaring is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court, today, Saturday 26 August.

## Previous release | 25 August 2017

Police investigating a series of burglaries in west Suffolk have arrested three people.

Homes in Stowlangtoft, Great Barton, Ixworth, Bardwell and Norton have been most affected in recent weeks and yesterday, Thursday 24 August, officers arrested two men and one woman from the Bury St Edmunds area in connection with the incidents.

The men, a 50 year-old and an 18-year-old, have both been arrested on suspicion of burglary.
A 46-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of possession of criminal property.

All three were taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where they remain for questioning.

## Previous release | 23 August 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses following a series of burglaries to the west of the county over the last month.

Homes in Stowlangtoft, Great Barton, Ixworth, Bardwell and Norton have been most affected in recent weeks and police are urging communities to be vigilant in their own home security, as well as looking out for their neighbours.

The break-ins are similar in nature and detectives are exploring how many of them may be linked.

Details of break ins over the last two weeks are as follows:

• Heath Road, Norton – sometime between 4pm on Thursday 10 and 10am on Friday 11 August. Suspects forced entry to the side of the premises and stole a lawnmower which is believed to have required at least two people to carry.

• Thistledown Drive, Ixworth – at some point between midday on Monday 14 and 12:15pm on Tuesday 15 August, offenders have forced entry via the front door. At this moment it is not clear if anything has been taken.

• Near High Street and Bardwell Road, Ixworth – at some point between 1:30am on Saturday 5 and 2am on Thursday 17 August, suspects forced entry to a home to the rear of the property. Items stolen include cash and power tools.

• Micklesmere Drive, Ixworth – overnight into Wednesday 16 August, entry was forced at the rear of the property. Cash and a grey Peugeot 308 (registration YT59 GPV) was stolen.

• Thistledown Drive, Ixworth – at some point between 6pm on Thursday 17 and 7:50pm on Friday 18 August, suspects forced entry at the rear of the property and jewellery is believed to have been stolen.

• Low Street, Bardwell – at some point between 7pm on Friday 18 and 11:45am on Saturday 19 August, entry was forced to the rear of the property. Jewellery has been stolen.

As the majority of the burglaries in this series involve houses being entered by force rather than because of insecurities, police are urging members of the public to be their eyes and ears and ‘See it, Hear it, Report it’.

By following a few simple steps, you can reduce the chances of becoming a victim of burglary.

**1\. LOCK**
• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house. This limits the amount of escape routes available to burglars.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

**2\. LIGHT**
• Leave low-energy lights on timers around the house and keep a radio on to make it seem as though someone is home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Burglars often prefer to work in the dark to avoid detection. Stop burglars from hiding in your driveway and paths by installing an ambient security light that will not disturb neighbours.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

**3\. HIDE**
• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Hide away to prevent them being stolen.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

For further crime prevention advice please visit https://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z or contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101.

If you witnesses any suspicious activity in the area yesterday or have any information contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 55229/17. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
