```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-23T15:18:19+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-23T09:40:24+01:00'
og:
  description: On Wednesday 27 July, police officers, staff and volunteers attended a Commendation Ceremony at Suffolk Police Headquarters in Martlesham Heath, to receive recognition for their exemplary service and dedication.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-crest-close-up.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Staff, officers and volunteers recognised at commendation ceremony
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-23T15:18:19+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/staff-officers-and-volunteers-recognised-commendation-ceremony
title: Staff, officers and volunteers recognised at commendation ceremony | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/staff-officers-and-volunteers-recognised-commendation-ceremony
```

On Wednesday 27 July, police officers, staff and volunteers attended a Commendation Ceremony at Suffolk Police Headquarters in Martlesham Heath, to receive recognition for their exemplary service and dedication.

Suffolk’s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson and Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore were in attendance and presented the awards.

Sgt Ali Livingstone and PC Alastair Maidment, both recently nominated for the national Police Bravery Awards, received Chief Constable Commendations and certificates on behalf of the Society for the Protection of Life from Fire.

On 25 December 2015, Sgt Livingstone and PC Maidment were called to attend a report of a fire at a residence in Ipswich, where they broke down the door and rescued an unconscious woman from an upstairs room.

Richard Starkey, Alan Janes and Stuart Cirket received Protection of Life from Fire certificates following their brave actions at the scene of a fire. In March 2015, they attended the home address of a suspect in Haverhill, who proceeded to set light to the property. They took control of him and dragged him out of the house. All officers helped with evacuations of nearby properties.

Kevin Rolt, Paul Greenwood and Rob March received Protection of Life from Fire certificates following their actions in March 2015 at a house fire in Haverhill, where a man was in a second floor bedroom. The fire was intense and they risked their own lives to reach the man. Sadly they were unable to save him but all showed exceptional bravery in the face of danger.

June Firmin, Carol Lukins, Duncan McIver and Keith Palmer all received Independent Custody Visitor Certificates, presented by PCC Tim Passmore, which are awards given to volunteers who work on behalf of the Police and Crime Commissioner.

June served 14 years as an independent Custody visitor, from January 2002 until the end of March 2016, spending the last four years of service as panel co-ordinator. Carol served 8 years as an independent custody visitor from June 2007 until December 2015. Duncan served for 7 years as an independent custody visitor from March 2009 until the end of March 2016, and was the panel co-ordinator between 2012 and 2015. Keith serviced for 14 years as an independent custody visitor from October 2002 until December 2015. All four were thanked and congratulated on their professionalism and dedication.

PCC Tim Passmore also presented certificates to Nurul Chowdhury and Beverley Levy, two volunteers commended for undertaking ten years work for the Independent Advisory group from 2006 to 2016.

Appointed by the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner, these volunteers provide independent advice on policies, procedures, community views and critical incidents.

A Chief Constable Certificate of Merit Award and Chief Constable Certificate of Appreciation was awarded to Detective Superintendent Andy Smith, for leading the investigation into a building site wall collapse at Worlingworth. The investigation was headed by the joint Norfolk and Suffolk Investigation team in close partnership with the Health and Safety executive.

Chief Constable Certificates of Appreciation were awarded to Jan Anderson, Principal Specialist, Inspector of Health and Safety, Lesley Balkham as HM Inspector of Health and Safety and Consultant Structural Engineer Eric Skilton, who were all integral to the successful progression of the Worlingworth criminal investigation.

Chief Constable’s Commendation Awards were presented to Andrew Martin and Thomas Turrell. Andrew assisted a man who had collapsed in the car park and was in need of medical assistance. Thomas was praised for his quick thinking as he rescued a woman from the sea in Lowestoft.

Detective Constable Nick Shrubshall was presented with the Office of Internal trade Commissioner’s Award for Trade Facilitation and Enforcement, in recognition for significant contributions to the advancing of trade and travel programmes.

A Judges’ Commendation award was presented to Patrick Woodham for his work on Operation Cannington in April 2014, where a large quantity of firearms was discovered in Wyverstone.

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore says:

"I am delighted to be involved in the commendation award ceremony again this year. It is really inspiring to hear the commitment and dedication of officers, staff and volunteers.

"I’m particularly pleased to be presenting awards to the Custody Visitors and Independent Advisory Group (IAG) members who work on behalf of my office, for their long service.

"The four custody visitors who received awards have notched up over 40 years between them. They have all been totally committed to this very important volunteer role, which involves visiting police custody centres to check that detainees are being treated fairly and properly. June, Carol, Duncan and Keith have also helped train other volunteers so we are indebted to their unstinting support.

"The IAG members, Nural and Beverley, also richly deserve their awards for their long service. The IAG is a group of people of all ages, drawn from all communities; they provide independent advice to help shape the way Suffolk is policed providing a fair and equitable service to all our communities. This award reflects our sincere gratitude for their loyal support since the group was set up in 2006.”

Suffolk’s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson says: "Our commendation ceremonies are a really special occasion at which we are able to honour the dedicated volunteers, staff and officers across Suffolk.

"I am very proud to be part of such a great organisation in such a wonderful county, and would like to congratulate all the award winners today who have served the constabulary and community to an exceptional standard.”
