```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-21T14:15:25+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-09-17T15:21:42+01:00'
og:
  description: Police have charged four people in connection with drug offences following warrants conducted in seven separate locations including Ipswich and Melton.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-1066865348.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Four charged with drug offences \u2013 Ipswich and Melton"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-09-21T14:15:25+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-charged-drug-offences-ipswich-and-melton
title: "Four charged with drug offences \u2013 Ipswich and Melton | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-charged-drug-offences-ipswich-and-melton
```

Police have charged four people in connection with drug offences following warrants conducted in seven separate locations including Ipswich and Melton.

They were conducted on Wednesday 16 September at separate addresses in Essex, five premises in Ipswich, and one at Melton near Woodbridge. Four males were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A and B drugs and money laundering. A 29 year old year old woman was also arrested at the Melton address on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and was subsequently released under investigation.

The other four males were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. 27 year old Roan Omoworare of Bloomfield Street in Ipswich, 29 year old Dale Ramsey of Felixstowe Road in Ipswich, 24 year old Marley Bagley of Beadon Way in Woodbridge and 31 year old Sanchez Hamilton of Hadleigh Road in Ipswich were all charged with conspiracy to supply class A from 10 July 2019 to 16 September 2020. Omoworare, Ramsey and Bagley have also been charged with conspiracy to supply class B from 10 July 2019 to 16 September 2020. All four appeared before Ipswich Magistrates Court on Friday 18 September and were remanded to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 16 October for a second hearing.

Officer made a number of seizures of items at seven addresses including three vehicles, a Range Rover, Audi and Mercedes, around £65,000 in cash and quantity of suspected class A drugs and a large amount of cannabis.

Officers from Suffolk’s Serious Crime and Disruption Team, Op Sentinel team and Op Scorpion teams were involved in the arrests. These proactive teams target the most harmful criminals, using intelligence-led policing and tactics and allow the force to keep on the front foot, taking positive action against drug based criminality and other associated offences, some of which is linked to organised crime groups.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release I 17 September 2020

Police have arrested five people in connection with drug offences following warrants conducted in seven separate locations including Ipswich and Melton.

They were conducted yesterday (Wednesday 16 September) at separate addresses in Essex, five premises in Ipswich, and one at Melton near Woodbridge. Four males, aged 27, 31,29 and 29 years old were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to supply class A and B drugs and money laundering. A 29 year old year old woman was also arrested at the Melton address on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and was subsequently released under investigation.

The other four males were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning where the all currently remain.

Officer made a number of seizures of items at seven addresses including three vehicles, a Range Rover, Audi and Mercedes, around £65,000 in cash and quantity of suspected class A drugs and a large amount of cannabis.

Officers from Suffolk’s Serious Crime and Disruption Team, Op Sentinel team and Op Scorpion teams were involved in the arrests. These proactive teams target the most harmful criminals, using intelligence-led policing and tactics and allow the force to keep on the front foot, taking positive action against drug based criminality and other associated offences, some of which is linked to organised crime groups.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
