```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-03T10:23:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-03T10:23:40+01:00'
og:
  description: Police will again be tackling anti-social behaviour (ASB) hotspots in communities across the Ipswich area this summer.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - tackling summer anti-social behaviour
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-03T10:23:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-07-2018/ipswich-tackling-summer-anti-social-behaviour
title: Ipswich - tackling summer anti-social behaviour | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-07-2018/ipswich-tackling-summer-anti-social-behaviour
```

Police will again be tackling anti-social behaviour (ASB) hotspots in communities across the Ipswich area this summer.

Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) officers from across the Southern area of the Constabulary will be working together to carry out patrols in targeted locations to give visible reassurance to the public. It means police resources can be focused and prioritised to make a difference within those areas from July and through the school summer holidays.

Officers will engage with members of the local community, including victims of ASB and offenders. Police will take appropriate action including visits to offenders and their families, issuing warning letters or arresting suspects. Dedicated patrols will also take place by officers in known ‘hotspot’ areas.

During the period of the operation in 2017, ASB reduced by 20 per cent in the targeted areas.

Superintendent Kerry Cutler said: “Anti-social behaviour has a negative impact on communities and we fully acknowledge and understand the distress and upset such activity can have on residents and how it can blight communities and affect quality of life.

“For those who are unwilling to respect their communities, we will take positive, appropriate action against them.

“We have conducted ‘street meets’ since April to understand the nature of the ASB where we have engaged with communities to identify any problem areas that we are not already aware of. These engagement activities will continue to ensure we fully understand the nature of the ASB and will respond to any new patterns or hotspots that develop.

“We have also been working with our partners to positively divert and protect those involved in ASB to prevent more serious offending. We also engage with our local schools in order to promote acceptable behaviour, highlight consequences of unacceptable behaviour and encourage communities to talk to us about local ASB.”
