```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-11T15:53:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-11T15:53:31+00:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Police will be holding two drop-in community engagement days in Ipswich this week and are inviting members of the public to attend to find out more about crime reduction over the winter months and in the run up to Christmas.The first of the crime roadshows will be held in the town centre tomorrow, Tuesday 11 December, between 11am and 2pm at the Sailmakers Shopping Centre in Tavern Street, and the second will take place over the same times on Thursday 14 December in the Buttermarket Shopping Centre in St Stephens Lane.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer_responding_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Crime reduction events
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-11T15:53:31+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2017/ipswich-crime-reduction-events
title: Ipswich - Crime reduction events | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2017/ipswich-crime-reduction-events
```

Suffolk Police will be holding two drop-in community engagement days in Ipswich this week and are inviting members of the public to attend to find out more about crime reduction over the winter months and in the run up to Christmas.

The first of the crime roadshows will be held in the town centre tomorrow, Tuesday 11 December, between 11am and 2pm at the Sailmakers Shopping Centre in Tavern Street, and the second will take place over the same times on Thursday 14 December in the Buttermarket Shopping Centre in St Stephens Lane.

Local residents and shoppers are invited to come along and meet with officers from the Ipswich Central Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT) who will be on hand to answer questions about home and personal security over the festive period.

PCSO Rob Stringer-Calvert said: “With Christmas approaching, our aim is to encourage the public to be more aware of crime prevention. The team will be focusing on how you can protect your home, as well as providing advice against personal theft.

“Unfortunately increased footfall in shopping areas often means an increase in reports of personal theft. Thieves use a variety of tactics and distractions; dipping into a bag – often underneath a cover of a jacket or newspaper, bumping into you, distracting you so your focus is not on your property, or actively cutting the straps from your bag.

“Officers will be available to answer any question and will be encouraging visitors to register their valuable items on www.immobilise.com which can help increase your chances of being reunited with your possessions if it ever is stolen.

“We want people to enjoy themselves this Christmas and we hope these roadshows will help them stay one step ahead of those committing crime.”
