```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-12-16T17:19:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-12-16T17:19:38+00:00'
og:
  description: A prolific burglar has been sentenced following a string of burglaries in the east of the county.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/ronniebridges_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced for East Suffolk burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-12-16T17:19:38+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-12-2019/man-sentenced-east-suffolk-burglaries
title: Man sentenced for East Suffolk burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-12-2019/man-sentenced-east-suffolk-burglaries
```

A prolific burglar has been sentenced following a string of burglaries in the east of the county.

40-year-old Ronnie Bridges, previously of Lowestoft, had been sentenced to 5 years and 2 months in prison in May after pleading guilty to four burglaries.

Following further work by officers at Suffolk Police, Bridges was handed a further 8 months by the judge at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 13 December, to run consecutively with the existing sentence.

DC Duncan Etchells of Suffolk Constabulary’s Operation Converter TIC Unit says,

“Officers at Lowestoft CID worked alongside the Crown Prosecution Service to achieve this result, achieving justice for victims of burglaries committed in Lowestoft, Southwold, Hopton, Corton, Carlton Colville, Worlingham and Wrentham.

DC Richard Last of Lowestoft CID secured the initial further charge in connection with a burglary in Lowestoft in November 2018 and Bridges has since chosen to work with the Operation Converter TIC Unit. As a result of this, 32 further burglary offences have been taken into consideration.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing.

## Gallery
