```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-04T11:43:06+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-04T11:43:06+01:00'
og:
  description: Police and partner agencies have been out in Lowestoft for a day of action to disrupt criminal activity in the town.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_roads_2015-119.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Day of action in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-04T11:43:06+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/day-action-lowestoft
title: Day of action in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/day-action-lowestoft
```

Police and partner agencies have been out in Lowestoft for a day of action to disrupt criminal activity in the town.

Led by Suffolk Police’s pro-active Scorpion team and Roads Policing and Firearms Operation Unit, the day, held yesterday, Wednesday 3 May, sees additional officers on patrol in the town, with roads checks being made to target illegal activity.

Two arrests were made for drug driving and more than 40 vehicles were escorted to the Belvedere Road car park in Lowestoft where they were subject to checks by police and agencies including the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), Trading Standards, HMRC (HM Revenue & Customs) and Waveney’s Waste and Environmental Enforcement Team.

Only four of the 42 vehicles examined left the site clear of any offences with seven vehicles being seized by police and 28 traffic offence reports being made including three for drivers having no driving licence, six for driving with no insurance, four for driving with no seatbelt and eight for vehicles with no MoT.

Two vehicles were found to have defective tyres and two others had number plate offences, while there was one insecure load and one with illegally tinted windows.

The passive drugs dog carried out a number of searches and partner agency work saw the DVSA make 13 immediate prohibitions – taking the vehicles off the road due to their condition – and eight delayed prohibitions requiring work to be carried out promptly to rectify defects. Sixteen advisory notices were also issued.

Suffolk Police’s drugs team, Road Casualty Reduction Team, the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub, the ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) team and the dog unit were all involved in the day.

> **Sgt Julian Ditcham who supervised the road checks yesterday said;** "Days of action such as this aim to target all kinds of criminality as we know criminals make use of the road network and this is one of the ways we can disrupt their activity.
>
> "While there were only a small number of arrests yesterday, seven vehicles were taken off the road for being illegally driven either without a licence or insurance or both, and a number of people were dealt with for offences.
>
> "The operation also gives us the opportunity to work closely with partner agencies and among the other activities yesterday were Trading Standards officials giving advice to traders in relation to consumer rights, HMRC carrying out tank dipping on 39 vehicles to check for illegal fuel and one referral being made for breach of waste licence.”
