```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-29T14:02:20+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-28T13:10:53+01:00'
og:
  description: Four males arrested by police on suspicion of burglary after a collision involving a car that was reported stolen have now been released on bail.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Sproughton - Four bailed in connection with burglary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-29T14:02:20+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-08-2018/sproughton-four-bailed-connection-burglary
title: Sproughton - Four bailed in connection with burglary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-08-2018/sproughton-four-bailed-connection-burglary
```

Four males arrested by police on suspicion of burglary after a collision involving a car that was reported stolen have now been released on bail.

Officers were called at around 3.15pm on, Monday 27 August to reports of a single vehicle collision on Bramford Road, Sproughton near to the Wild Man pub. It was reported that the occupants of a Seat Leon decamped and ran off before then getting into another car nearby which was subsequently stopped by police a short time later in Ulster Avenue, Ipswich. Five people were arrested by officers on suspicion of burglary.

The vehicle involved in the collision had been reported stolen from Ipswich earlier in the day. Sometime between 11.45 pm on Sunday 26 August and 8.50am on Monday 27 August suspect/s entered a house on Tranmere Grove and stole a purse and a set of car keys. A white Seat Leon car was then stolen from the driveway.

A 17-year-old boy from Stowmarket, an 18-year-old woman and a 21-year-old man both from Needham Market, and a 25-year-old man and a 17 year-old boy both from Ipswich were all arrested on suspicion of burglary. The 25-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis.

All five people were brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning by detectives. The woman has now been released under investigation whilst inquiries continue. The four males have been bailed and are due to return to police on 18 September.

Witnesses or anybody has any information regarding either incident are asked to call Ipswich CID on 101 quoting reference 37/49028/18. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 28 August

Three teenagers and two men have been arrested on suspicion of burglary after a collision involving a car that was reported stolen.

Officers were called at around 3.15pm yesterday, Monday 27 August to reports of a single vehicle collision on the B1113 in Sproughton, close to the Wild Man public house. It was reported that the occupants of the car decamped and ran off before then getting into another car nearby which was subsequently stopped by police a short time later in Ulster Avenue, Ipswich. Five people were arrested by officers on suspicion of burglary.

The vehicle involved in the collision had been reported stolen from Ipswich earlier in the day. Sometime between 11.45 pm on Sunday 26 August and 8.50am on Monday 27 August suspect/s entered a house on Tranmere Grove and stole a purse and a set of car keys. A white Seat Lyon car was then stolen from the driveway.

A 17-year-old boy from Stowmarket, an 18-year-old woman and a 21-year-old man both from Needham Market, and a 25-year-old man and a 17 year-old boy both from Ipswich were all arrested on suspicion of burglary. The 25-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of possession of cannabis.

All five people were brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning by detectives and remain in custody at this time.

Witnesses or anybody has any information regarding either incident are asked to call Ipswich CID on 101 quoting reference 37/49028/18. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
