```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-12T16:20:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-08T10:19:28+01:00'
og:
  description: The number of blades deposited into knife amnesty bins across the county has reached more than 20,000 since the Bin a Blade scheme was introduced in Suffolk in 2010.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/bin-a-blade.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Over 20,000 knives deposited in Suffolk Bin a Blade amnesty
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-12T16:20:31+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/over-15000-knives-deposited-suffolk-bin-blade-amnesty
title: Over 20,000 knives deposited in Suffolk Bin a Blade amnesty | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/over-15000-knives-deposited-suffolk-bin-blade-amnesty
```

The number of blades deposited into knife amnesty bins across the county has reached more than 20,000 since the Bin a Blade scheme was introduced in Suffolk in 2010.

Inspired by local anti-knife crime campaigner Holly Watson, the amnesty was launched in December 2010, by Holly, BBC Radio Suffolk’s Mark Murphy and Suffolk’s then Chief Constable, Simon Ash. The Bin a Blade scheme encourages the public to anonymously and safely dispose of unwanted knifes and blades. To date 20,115 bladed items have been deposited in the bins across Suffolk.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: “This is a significant milestone for the Bin a Blade campaign and I would like to thank all those people who have chosen to dispose of unwanted knives - and in some cases offensive weapons - in amnesty bins over the past seven years.

“Every one of the 20,000 blades that have been deposited help to make the county a safer place. Whilst there is not a significant problem with knife crime in Suffolk, our amnesty is continuing to make people think about the consequences of carrying a knife and offering a way to dispose of them without prejudice.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “I fully support the Bin a Blade campaign and to see that over 20,000 blades have been collected since the initiative was launched is excellent.

“We need to do all we can through education, peer pressure, policing and sentencing to make it absolutely clear that it’s never acceptable for a person to carry a knife or weapon. I find it really disappointing that anyone carries a blade of any kind.

"The Bin a Blade campaign and the use of these bins is a great way of highlighting the issue of knife crime, along with the national Operation Sceptre initiative. I would encourage anyone who has a knife or any other weapon to dispose of them responsibly and immediately. Ultimately it is about making Suffolk as safe as possible.”

Knife amnesty bins can be found outside Ipswich Fire Station and at police stations in Lowestoft, Bury St Edmunds, Mildenhall, Sudbury and Haverhill.

More information and advice about knife crime can be found here

**Bin location** **2011 total** **2012 total** **2013 total** **2014 total** **2015 total**

 **2016 total**

 **May 2017 total**

**July 2017 total**

**January 2018 total** **Total for amnesty**
Ipswich208410791072518341402303504596308
Lowestoft17846148066779777952712044476575
Bury St Eds10293835802236532483002522003868
Mildenhall145129148812411242391141351356
Sudbury---221350135558559896
Haverhill--------2020
Mobile bins*1083--------1083

Total

20,115

## Previous release | 25 January 2016

Bin a Blade reaches 15,218 deposited knives across Suffolk since the campaign launched in 2010.

An initial year-long amnesty saw 6,125 knives anonymously left in six amnesty bins (four static and two mobile) around the county in 2011. In 2012 a further 2,205 blades were deposited and 2,606 dropped in the bins in 2013. In 2014, a total of 1,720 knives were surrendered and 2,562 during 2015.

Permanent, static bins remain outside Lowestoft, Bury St Edmunds and Mildenhall police stations, with officers encouraging anyone who wishes to dispose of a knife to use one of these bins. A temporary bin also sits outside Sudbury police station and the public are reminded that the relocated permanent bin for Ipswich is outside the Fire Station on Princes Street.

All the deposited knives are taken to Sackers Recycling in Great Blakenham where they are safely disposed of.

The Bin a Blade campaign continues to be supported by BBC Radio Suffolk.

> ### Suffolk Police’s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "It is impressive that this campaign has been running for five years and we are still seeing over 2,500 knives being deposited in 2015. This shows that not only is the project continuing to be successful but that residents of Suffolk want to help us to stop knife crime.
>
> ### "By using this amnesty, residents are stopping the chance of knives ending up in the wrong hands and being used to commit crime anti-social behaviour or injury, by responsibly and safely disposing of them in one of our bins.”
>
> ### "Our campaign ensures that bladed items can be deposited anonymously, any day of the week and at any time.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "We need to do all we can through education, peer pressure, policing and sentencing to make it absolutely clear that it’s never acceptable for a person to carry a knife or weapon. I fully support the use of these bins and would encourage anyone who has a knife or any other weapon to dispose of them responsibly and immediately. Ultimately it is about making Suffolk as safe as possible.”

Previous successes have included a hard-hitting film which was launched on Suffolk Constabulary’s YouTube channel. Bin a Blade has also featured in an exhibition at the V&A Museum of Childhood.

For more information about the campaign and to see its progress to this point visit the Bin a Blade page on our website.

Latest knife totals –

 **Bin location** **2011 total** **2012 total** **2013 total** **2014 total** **2015 total** **Total for amnesty**
Ipswich2084107910725183415094
Lowestoft17846148066779774858
Bury St Eds10293835802236532868
Mildenhall14512914881241744
Sudbury---221350571
Mobile bins*1083----1083

*Mobile bins were based at Leiston, Haverhill, Woodbridge, Stowmarket, Newmarket, Sudbury, Halesworth, Beccles and Felixstowe Police Stations, Kessingland Library and Mid Suffolk District Council, Needham Market for one or two month periods.
