```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-28T13:18:23+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-28T13:16:48+01:00'
og:
  description: Three men have been jailed for a combined total of just over 30 years for their involvement in the supply of Class A drugs, which was uncovered by detectives investigating the murder of Dean Stansby in Ipswich last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/islam-ahmed-mohamed_for_website.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three London men jailed for a combined total of 30 years for Class A drugs conspiracy
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-28T13:18:23+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-09-2018/three-london-men-jailed-combined-total-30-years-class-drugs-conspiracy
title: Three London men jailed for a combined total of 30 years for Class A drugs conspiracy | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-09-2018/three-london-men-jailed-combined-total-30-years-class-drugs-conspiracy
```

> Left to right: Amiadul Islam, Yusuf Ahmed and Aidid Mohamed

Three men have been jailed for a combined total of just over 30 years for their involvement in the supply of Class A drugs, which was uncovered by detectives investigating the murder of Dean Stansby in Ipswich last year.

Amiadul Islam, aged 25; Yusuf Ahmed, aged 26; and Aidid Mohamed, aged 28; had all previously pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine), between November 2016 and July 2017.

Ahmed also admitted possession with intent to supply cocaine and crack cocaine in November 2017.

At Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 27 September, they were sentenced as follows:

 * Amiadul Islam, of Caistor Park Road, in east London; 10 years and two months’ imprisonment
 * Yusuf Ahmed, of Tollgate Road, in east London; 11 years’ imprisonment for the conspiracy; and a further three years’ imprisonment for the possession with intent to supply
 * Aidid Mohamed, of Ranelagh Road, in east London; nine years’ imprisonment

Amiadul Islam was sentenced to life imprisonment last month after being found guilty of the murder of Dean Stansby, along with three other men. He was set a minimum term of 18 years for the murder and his sentence for the drugs conspiracy will run concurrently to that.

The other three men convicted of the murder of Dean Stansby: Tecwyn Parker, Daniel Kaganda and Jason Ruby; were all previously sentenced for two counts each of supplying Class A drugs (heroin and cocaine).

Parker and Kaganda admitted their part in the drugs conspiracy and were sentenced to four years’ imprisonment and eight years’ imprisonment respectively. Jason Ruby denied his involvement, but was found guilty and given a four year sentence. All of these sentences will run concurrently with the life sentences they were handed for the murder convictions.

During the extensive investigation that followed the fatal stabbing of Dean Stansby in February 2017, police also uncovered a wider conspiracy by an operation known as ‘AJ and Sky’ to supply drugs into Ipswich and Felixstowe, dating back to November 2016.

Through police analysis of his mobile phone, it was discovered that Mr Stansby – who was from Trimley St Mary - had been in contact with AJ and Sky on the day he was murdered and had come into Ipswich to purchase illegal drugs from one of their dealers.

Officers then began the exhaustive process of cross-referencing the mobile phone numbers he had been in contact with, and in turn what numbers those phones had been in contact with.

Mr Stansby had called AJ and Sky’s ‘business’ number which they used to communicate with people that wanted to buy drugs from them. AJ and Sky would then use a ‘controlling’ number to contact one of their dealers in the area and direct them to make the exchange. Through mobile phone mast analysis, both these phones were traced to east London and the area around Amiadul Islam’s home address.

Islam, along with Yusuf Ahmed and Aidid Mohamed, were discovered to be key players in the AJ and Sky operation. From their homes in London they would direct and coordinate the distribution of drugs out of the capital and into Suffolk.

They would use ‘drug runners’, such as Daniel Kaganda, to transport the drugs out of London and into Ipswich. Local drug users were then hired to go out and undertake the on street dealing, which was the role performed by Tecwyn Parker and Jason Ruby.

The court heard how efficiently run the AJ and Sky operation was, and that despite the many enforcement raids and significant drug seizures, the business would resuscitate itself. Over a period of between six to eight months, drug runners made between 35 and 40 trips to Suffolk to replenish stocks at ‘trap houses’.

His Honour Judge Levett was satisfied that AJ and Sky had all the hallmarks of organised crime and said that the harm it caused was devastating with severe effects, destroying families and leaving users in a desperate state.

It was calculated that the financial revenue generated by the business was between £250,000 and £500,000, representing five kilograms of Class A drugs. A Proceeds of Crime Act hearing has been set for Friday 14 December.

> Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “The sentencing of Amiadul Islam, Yusuf Ahmed and Aidid Mohamed, brings to a conclusion what has been an incredibly complex and lengthy investigation.
>
> “As we began to unravel the circumstances which had led to the death of Dean Stansby and identify the persons responsible for his murder, we simultaneously uncovered the wider drugs conspiracy and found that the four men responsible for the murder were, along with Ahmed and Mohamed, also heavily involved in the supply of Class A drugs in Suffolk.
>
> “Islam, Ahmed and Mohamed were very much at the controlling end of the ‘AJ and Sky’ operation, facilitating the supply of drugs into our county from London. They would take the calls from drug users and then direct orders out via their supply chain to distribute the drugs and make the sales.
>
> “This method of dealing, known as ‘County Lines’, is a significant problem across the country affecting numerous towns and cities. Suffolk Police will continue to robustly tackle this issue, to identify the people involved and remove the drugs and often associated weapons from our streets.
>
> “What I hope this case highlights is that the people higher up in the supply chain, who may think they are untouchable from their remote bases in bigger cities, are not above the law. We can - and will - find you and ensure that you are brought to justice, as well as the people you send out to peddle your drugs.”
