```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-29T14:58:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-29T14:58:39+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are urging businesses to be vigilant over the use of fake bank notes following several incidents in north, east and south Suffolk.The warning comes after a number of counterfeit \xA320 notes were used in shops and businesses.On Saturday 24 March, officers received reports of two fake \xA320 notes being exchanged at the Sue Ryder Charity Shop in High Street, Southwold, on Friday 23 March."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police warning over counterfeit bank notes
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-29T14:58:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-03-2018/police-warning-over-counterfeit-bank-notes
title: Police warning over counterfeit bank notes | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-03-2018/police-warning-over-counterfeit-bank-notes
```

Police are urging businesses to be vigilant over the use of fake bank notes following several incidents in north, east and south Suffolk.

The warning comes after a number of counterfeit £20 notes were used in shops and businesses.

On Saturday 24 March, officers received reports of two fake £20 notes being exchanged at the Sue Ryder Charity Shop in High Street, Southwold, on Friday 23 March.

Officers received further reports of a boy trying to use suspected fake £20 notes in the St Elizabeth Hospice shop in Market Hill, Framlingham, on Saturday 24 March. The boy managed to use two in exchange for goods but was refused a third when there was no change in the till. The boy is then alleged as saying he would obtain change from his mother but never returned.

Reports of fake £20s being used in shops occurring in the Beccles and Bungay area were also received on Monday 26 March. These took place in the Brake charity shop in Bungay, located in the Market Place, a card shop also in the Market Place, the British Heart Foundation charity shop on The Walk in Beccles, and the Sue Ryder shop in Beccles. In these incidents the suspect is described as a male with an Irish accent, aged in his 30 or 40s and wearing a blue jumper.

On Tuesday 27 March, two further reports were received regarding three fake £20 notes being taken at Café Clare in Well Lane on Saturday and three further £20 notes were also exchanged on the same day at Honey Hill Café in Church Street. It is believed that three different people went into Honey Hill Cafe to exchange the notes but one of the suspects is described as male, aged between 12 and 13-years-old, with dark, curly hair, and with an Irish accent.

Police are keen to raise awareness among shopkeepers in particular about these incidents and would advise businesses to be vigilant and check cash as thoroughly as possible.

Anyone who is offered any counterfeit notes, or has any information about those involved in the circulation of counterfeit money, can contact Suffolk police on 101. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
