```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-04-30T13:34:32+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-13T16:04:50+01:00'
og:
  description: Five people convicted of killing a teenager in Ipswich last year have been jailed for a combined total of 104 years.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/yengedaviesamusacalverplaatsforwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Tavis Spencer-Aitkens&#039; killers jailed for over 100 years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-04-30T13:34:32+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-09-2018/ipswich-tavis-spencer-aitkens-killers-jailed-over-100-years
title: Ipswich - Tavis Spencer-Aitkens' killers jailed for over 100 years | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-09-2018/ipswich-tavis-spencer-aitkens-killers-jailed-over-100-years
```

> Left to right: Aristote Yenge; Kyreis Davies; Adebayo Amusa; Isaac Calver; and Callum Plaats

Five people convicted of killing a teenager in Ipswich last year have been jailed for a combined total of 104 years.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital in a critical condition but died there a short while later as a result of a stab wound.

At Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 30 April, his killers were sentenced as follows.

The four convicted of murder were all given life sentences, with minimum tariffs set out as below:

\- Aristote Yenge, aged 23, of Spring Road, Ipswich. 25 years

\- Kyreis Davies, aged 17, of Turnstile Square, Colchester. 21 years

\- Adebayo Amusa, aged 20, of Sovereign Road, Barking, in east London. 23 years

\- Isaac Calver, aged 19, of Firmin Close, Ipswich. 21 years

Callum Plaats, aged 23, of Ipswich, was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 14 years’ imprisonment.

All five had denied being responsible for Tavis’s death and were found guilty at Ipswich Crown Court last month following a 14-week trial.

During the trial, the court heard that Yenge, Davies, Calver and Plaats were all part of a group who called themselves ‘J-Block’, based around the Jubilee Park area of Ipswich, close to the western edge of the town centre. Amusa was known to associate with ‘J-Block’ and has appeared in some music videos they recorded.

Tavis was friends with a group of males who called themselves ‘Neno’ or ‘The Three’, which is a reference to the IP3 postcode area of the Nacton Estate in south-east Ipswich from where they came.

The two groups had a heated rivalry and dislike for each other, which they would reference in music they both recorded and videos posted on YouTube. As a result, members of each group would avoid their rivals’ territory and if they did encounter each other, it would often result in violence.

Earlier in the day on which Tavis was murdered, Yenge and Davies took refuge in a shop in Ipswich town centre after being spotted by two members of ‘Neno’.

The two ‘Neno’ members taunted them shouting out “IP3”, before a plain-clothes police officer heard a disturbance from out in the street, entered the shop and escorted the ‘Neno’ members out.

The perceived shame and loss of respect that Yenge and Davies suffered by running and hiding from two members of the ‘Neno’ group, close to what they regarded as their territory, is what provided the motivation for the attack on Tavis Spencer-Aitkens.

Within a couple of hours of this incident in the town centre, Yenge and Davies rounded-up other members of J-Block - including Calver and Plaats - and also Amusa and quickly began to plot their revenge.

Yenge, Davies, Amusa and Calver were driven in a DPD van being used by another man who bought drugs off people associated with ‘J-Block’, and all four are linked to the van by forensic evidence.

They set off in convoy with two cyclists, one of whom was Callum Plaats, and made their way across town towards the Nacton Estate seeking revenge. On seeing Tavis walking back from the shops in Queen’s Way, they followed him into Packard Avenue where he was brutally attacked and stabbed 15 times - one of which proved to be fatal - and had a bottle smashed over his head.

> Tavis Spencer-Aitkens

The DPD van and the cyclists were captured on CCTV as they travelled towards Packard Avenue prior to the attack, and were all seen leaving the area at speed immediately after it.

Initial police enquiries into the attack quickly identified the van as having being present at the time of the attack, and the driver was arrested the same evening and the van seized.

Further dynamic enquiries, including extensive CCTV and forensic work, resulted in Yenge, Davies and Calver being located at an address in Colchester where they were arrested two days after Tavis was killed.

Plaats had also been identified as a suspect in the first days of the inquiry and was arrested at an address in Ipswich on 6 June. Amusa’s arrest followed on 24 July after he was also located at an address in Ipswich.

With the town centre altercation providing a motive for the attack on Tavis, the police investigation was then able to prove that the five defendants had gathered together that afternoon and then travelled to the Nacton Estate to look for someone connected to ‘Neno’ to exact their revenge on.

Yenge, Davies, Amusa and Calver were all linked to the van by forensic evidence, with Yenge’s blood found on a seatbelt buckle, Davies’ fingerprints and blood were found in the back, as were Amusa’s & Calver’s fingerprints. The driver of the van had borrowed it from a colleague and there was no evidence to suggest any of these individuals had been inside the van prior to the day of the attack on Tavis.

Plaats was identified on CCTV as being one of the cyclists travelling in convoy with the van and then a short while later in the area of Nacton Road.

House-to-house enquiries led to witnesses reporting they had seen a knife being thrown into the River Gipping.

The Metropolitan Police dive team were brought in and they successfully located the knife. There was no forensic evidence available but pathologists were satisfied that the knife could have caused all of Tavis’s injuries. Further links to the knife and the attack were made by the discovery of packaging for a set of knives and another knife at addresses linked to the group, as well as the telematics tracking the DPD van.

> The discovery of a knife in the River Gipping by the Metropolitan Police Dive Team

In addition to the tracking data from the vehicle, there were also vast amounts of video footage to retrieve and go through. This included CCTV and dashcams, all used to track the movements of the suspects on the day. They were tracked from the moment they were chased into the high street shop in Ipswich and were spotted meeting up with fellow gang members before making their way across the town on bicycles and in the DPD van.

All of this evidence combined helped to prove their involvement in the attack and created an extremely compelling - and ultimately successful - case against them.

> A CCTV image of the DPD van in Portman Road as the group set off to attack Tavis. This shows Yenge in the passenger seat wearing a distinctive jumper, which corresponded to other photos & CCTV images found of him

 **Detective Chief Inspector Mike Brown, of the Major Investigation Team, said** : “The sentences handed down today reflect the severity of the crime and I hope this will now allow the family of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens to truly begin the slow process of rebuilding their lives.

“Tavis was 17-years-old, still just a boy with his whole life ahead of him, and this was cut short by an utterly senseless act of violence.

“His attackers also had their whole lives ahead of them, but in taking the deliberate and calculated decision to ambush Tavis and stab him 15 times, they will now spend what should have been their own prime years locked away, making our streets a safer place.

“I hope that other young people who are lured into the dangerous world of knife crime and gang culture take note of the outcome of this case. It might be seen as glamorous by some, but let me assure you there is nothing glamorous about spending 20 years inside a prison.

“You are not free to inflict harm on other people as you see fit and without consequences. This investigation has shown our determination to pursue the people responsible for Tavis’ murder and bring them to justice.

“I would at this stage like to thank all the officers and staff whose hard work and dedication enabled us to identify Tavis’s killers and be ready to go to trial within five months.

“This was a team effort involving not only the Major Investigation Team and Major Incident Room, but also the Criminal Investigation Department, Youth Gangs Prevention Team, Neighbourhood Response Teams, Safer Neighbourhood Teams, Forensic Investigators, CCTV officers, and all the departments that supported the investigation. We are ‘Team Suffolk’ and it is a testament to us all that time and time again we are able to stand up to this, convict offenders and achieve the long sentences they deserve.

“I would also like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to Tavis’s family, for the remarkable way in which they have coped with everything over the past 10 months and remained resolute through the most horrific and painful experience. I want to thank them for the faith and patience that they gave us and for their unflinching support throughout the investigation.

“However, the final word in all of this must be about Tavis. I said last month after the verdicts were delivered, that we must all work to ensure that Tavis’ legacy is an end to this violence.

“Knife crime has become the great societal challenge of our time in this country and we have to educate children and young adults that knives have no place on our streets. I don’t want to see any more lives lost – and families suffer – as a result of these mindless acts of violence.”

## Previous release | 15 March 2019

Four people have been found guilty of murder following the fatal stabbing of a teenager in Ipswich last year, with a fifth person found guilty of manslaughter.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital in a critical condition but died there a short while later as a result of a stab wound.

Following verdicts delivered at Ipswich Crown Court today, Friday 15 March, and yesterday, Thursday 14 March, five people were convicted for their part in his death following a 14-week trial.

Four were found guilty of murder as follows:

 * Aristote Yenge, aged 23, of Spring Road, Ipswich
 * Kyreis Davies, aged 17, of Turnstile Square, Colchester
 * Adebayo Amusa, aged 20, of Sovereign Road, Barking, in east London
 * Isaac Calver, aged 19, of Firmin Close, Ipswich

A further man was found not guilty of murder, but guilty of manslaughter as follows:

 * Callum Plaats, aged 23, of Ipswich

They have all been remanded in custody pending sentencing hearings to be held at Ipswich Crown Court on the week commencing Monday 29 April.

A sixth person, 42-year-old Leon Glasgow of no fixed abode, had also stood trial accused of murder, but he was found not guilty of both that offence and of manslaughter.

During the trial, the court heard that Yenge, Davies, Calver and Plaats were all part of a group who called themselves ‘J-Block’, based around the Jubilee Park area of Ipswich, close to the western edge of the town centre. Amusa was known to associate with ‘J-Block’ and has appeared in some music videos they recorded.

Tavis was friends with a group of males who called themselves ‘Neno’ or ‘The Three’, which is a reference to the IP3 postcode area of the Nacton Estate in south-east Ipswich from where they came.

The two groups had a heated rivalry and dislike for each other, which they would reference in music they both recorded and videos posted on YouTube. As a result, members of each group would avoid their rivals’ territory and if they did encounter each other, it would often result in violence.

Earlier in the day on which Tavis was murdered, Yenge and Davies took refuge in a shop in Ipswich town centre after being spotted by two members of ‘Neno’.

The two ‘Neno’ members taunted them shouting out “IP3”, before a plain-clothes police officer heard a disturbance from out in the street, entered the shop and escorted the ‘Neno’ members out.

The perceived shame and loss of respect that Yenge and Davies would have suffered by running and hiding from two members of the ‘Neno’ group, close to what they would have regarded as their territory, is what provided the motivation for the attack on Tavis Spencer-Aitkens.

Within a couple of hours of this incident in the town centre, Yenge and Davies rounded-up other members of J-Block - including Calver and Plaats - and also Amusa and quickly began to plot their revenge.

Leon Glasgow was not part of ‘J-Block’, but would buy drugs off people associated with them, and on the day of the attack was asked to provide the group with a lift to the Nacton Estate in exchange for drugs.

Glasgow maintained throughout the trial that he did not have prior knowledge of the planned attack when he agreed to give the group a lift.

Yenge, Davies, Amusa and Calver were driven in the van being used by Glasgow, and all four are linked to the van by forensic evidence. They set off in convoy with two cyclists, one of whom was Callum Plaats, and made their way to ‘Neno’ territory looking for anyone associated with that group who they could exact revenge on.

Tragically for Tavis-Spencer Aitkens he was the person they came across and after being spotted by the ‘J-Block’ members as he was walking back from the shops in Queen’s Way, they followed him into Packard Avenue where he was stabbed 15 times - one of which proved to be fatal - and had a bottle smashed over his head.

The van and the cyclists were captured on CCTV as they travelled towards Packard Avenue prior to the attack, and were all seen leaving the area at speed immediately after it.

Initial police enquiries into the attack quickly identified the van as having being present at the time of the attack, and Leon Glasgow was arrested the same evening and the van seized.

Further dynamic enquiries, including extensive CCTV and forensic work, resulted in Yenge, Davies and Calver being located at an address in Colchester where they were arrested two days after Tavis was killed.

Plaats had also been identified as a suspect in the first days of the inquiry and was arrested at an address in Ipswich on 6 June. Amusa’s arrest followed on 24 July after he was also located at an address in Ipswich.

With the town centre altercation providing a motive for the attack on Tavis, the police investigation was then able to prove that the five defendants had gathered together that afternoon and then travelled to the Nacton Estate to look for someone connected to ‘Neno’ to exact their revenge on.

Yenge, Davies, Amusa and Calver were all linked to Glasgow’s van by forensic evidence and Plaats was identified on CCTV as being one of the cyclists travelling in convoy with the van and then a short while later in the area of Nacton Road.

> Tavis Spencer-Aitkens

 **Detective Chief Inspector Mike Brown, of the Major Investigation Team, said** : “The murder of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens is one of the most senseless acts of violence I have experienced in my career as a police officer and an utter tragedy for his family and friends.

“Tavis had done nothing to provoke this attack and was quite simply in the wrong place at the wrong time when the defendants arrived at the Nacton Estate looking for anyone connected to ‘Neno’ to attack.

“To stab someone 15 times because two members of your group had supposedly suffered a loss of ‘respect’ by running and hiding from two members of a rival group is beyond comprehension.

“Their actions were not only extremely violent, but also completely cowardly. Tavis had no chance of defending himself when set upon by this group, in what was a frenzied attack lasting less than a minute.

“The whole investigation team has been determined from day one to achieve justice for Tavis and his family and so I am extremely pleased by the verdicts handed down to the five defendants who have been found guilty for their part in the attack.

“However, these verdicts will not return a 17-year-old boy to his heartbroken family and so we must all work to ensure that Tavis’ legacy is an end to this violence.

“Knives have no place on our streets and we must educate both children and young adults, who think that carrying one will make them safer and offer protection, that the reality is there is a greater risk that it will either be used by the person carrying it, or against them.

“I don’t want to watch another family suffer as Tavis’ family have. Knife crime is a societal issue and it is incumbent on all responsible authorities - including the police and councils – to work alongside the many support agencies and with local communities to eradicate this evil.”

## Previous release | 13 September 2018

A man arrested by police investigating the fatal stabbing of a teenager in Ipswich has been released from police custody.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

Yesterday morning, Wednesday 12 September, officers arrested a 28-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of murder. He was questioned by detectives and has been released under investigation pending further enquires.

Officers also searched three addresses in the Chantry area of Ipswich yesterday. These were conducted both in connection with the arrest and also as part of ongoing proactive work across the town to combat the supply of illegal drugs into Suffolk. As a result of these searches a quantity of cannabis was discovered and seized.

Six people have previously been charged with murder in connection with the death of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens as follows:

\- Aristote Yenge, aged 23, of Ipswich; and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons); were charged in early June

\- Callum Plaats, aged 23 of Ipswich; and Adebayo Amusa, aged 20, of Barking in east London; were both charged in late July

\- Leon Glasgow, aged 42, of no fixed abode; and Isaac Calver, aged 18, of Ipswich; were both charged at the end of August.

All six are currently remanded in custody pending next appearances at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 21 September.

A 20-year-old man, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, remains on bail with the authority of the magistrates’ court until Tuesday 4 December.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about the murder, especially anyone who witnessed the attack or anything suspicious in the area immediately prior to it or directly afterwards, to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal: https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18. Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous releases | August 2018

 **Previous release | 28 August 2018**

Police investigating the murder of a teenager have charged a 41 year-old man.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

Leon Glasgow of no fixed abode has today (Tuesday 28 August) been charged with murder and has been remanded to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court on Thursday 30 August.

Adebayo Amusa of Sovereign Road in Barking was charged with murder in July. In early June, 22-year-old Aristote Yenge from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons) were both been charged with murder. Callum Platts of no fixed abode is also charged with murder.

An 18-year-old man arrested in early June on suspicion of conspiracy to murder is due to answer bail on Thursday 30 August, while a 20 year old, also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder has been rebailed until 4 September.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about the murder, especially anyone who witnessed the attack or anything suspicious in the area immediately prior to it or directly afterwards, to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18. Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Previous release | 30 August 2018**

Detectives investigating the fatal stabbing of a teenager in Ipswich have charged a sixth person in connection with his death.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

Isaac Calver, aged 18, and of St Helens Street, Ipswich, has this morning Thursday 30 August, been charged with murder and remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court later today.

Leon Glasgow, of no fixed abode, is also due to appear before magistrates today after being charged with murder earlier this week, on Tuesday 28 August.

The four other people who have been charged with murder as part of this inquiry are as follows:

Aristote Yenge, aged 23, of Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons) were charged in early June; Callum Plaats, aged 23 of Ipswich, and Adebayo Amusa, aged 20, of Sovereign Road, Barking in east London; were both charged in late July.

All four are currently remanded in custody pending next appearances at Ipswich Crown Court.

A 20-year-old man, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, is due to answer bail on Tuesday 4 September.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about the murder, especially anyone who witnessed the attack or anything suspicious in the area immediately prior to it or directly afterwards, to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18. Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous releases | July 2018

 **Previous release | 3 July 2018**

Two of the eight people arrested in connection with the murder of a teenager in Ipswich last month will now face no further police action.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

In the days immediately following the incident, officers arrested eight people in connection with it, two of which have been charged with murder.

The early stages of the investigation were fast-moving with numerous enquiries being undertaken and detectives, in consultation with the Crown Prosecution Service, are now satisfied that a 41-year-old man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and a 36-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, should face no further police action at this time.

22-year-old Aristote Yenge from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons) have both been charged with murder. They have been remanded into custody by pending their next hearing at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 5 July.

Four other people were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder as follows: men aged 20 and 18, and a 23–year-old man and 17-year-old boy, all who have been bailed until Monday 30 July.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about the murder, especially anyone who witnessed the attack or anything suspicious in the area immediately prior to it or directly afterwards, to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18. Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Previous release | 24 July 2018**

Police investigating the murder of a teenager have charged a 23-year-old man.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

The man from Ipswich was arrested this morning (Tuesday 24 July 2018) and taken to Martlesham Police investigation Centre for questioning. Callum Platts of no fixed abode has subsequently been charged with murder and has been remanded to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court tomorrow Wednesday 25 July.

In addition, a 19-year-old man from Barking was arrested earlier today in Ipswich on suspicion of possession with intent to supply drugs and has been further arrested on suspicion of the murder of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens. He is currently at Martlesham Police investigation Centre for questioning.

In early June, 22-year-old Aristote Yenge from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons) have both been charged with murder.

Two other men aged 20 and 19, arrested in early June on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, remain on bail until Monday 30 July.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about the murder, especially anyone who witnessed the attack or anything suspicious in the area immediately prior to it or directly afterwards, to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18. Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**Previous release | 25 July 2018**

Police investigating the murder of a teenager have charged a 19 year-old man.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

The 19 year-old man was arrested yesterday (Tuesday 24 July 2018) in Ipswich and taken to Martlesham Police investigation Centre for questioning. Adebayo Amusa of Sovereign Road in Barking has today (Wednesday 25 July) been charged with murder and has been remanded to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court tomorrow Thursday 26 July.

In early June, 22-year-old Aristote Yenge from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons) have both been charged with murder. Yesterday, Callum Platts of no fixed abode was also charged with murder. Two other men aged 20 and 19, arrested in early June on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, remain on bail until Monday 30 July.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about the murder, especially anyone who witnessed the attack or anything suspicious in the area immediately prior to it or directly afterwards, to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18. Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous releases | June 7 2018 - June 15 2018

 **June 7 2018 - 8.27am**

Two people have been charged with murder following the death of 17-year-old Tavis Spencer-Aitkens in Ipswich on Saturday June 2.

22-year-old Aristote Yenge, of no fixed abode from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester, have both been charged with murder and remanded in custody until Thursday 7 June 2018 where they will appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court.

Officers were contacted at 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June to reports that a male had been stabbed in Packard Avenue.

The victim, Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment where he sadly later died.

A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound.

Tavis had been walking away from the shops in Queen’s Way when he was approached by two males on bicycles who attacked him. They were then joined by four to five other males who further assaulted him, before all the offenders then fled the scene.
Today the seventh and eighth arrests were made by police investigating the murder.
This afternoon, Wednesday 6 June, police in Ipswich executed a warrant in the Whitehouse area of town and subsequently arrested a 23-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. A 17-year-old boy was also arrested in Stowmarket on suspicion of conspiracy to murder

They have both been taken into police custody for questioning.

In total five other people have also been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, this includes the two people that have now been charged with murder. A 41-year-old man arrested on Saturday 2 June has been released on police bail until Wednesday 4 July 2018 as has a 20-year-old man and an 18-year-old man.

A 36-year-old woman from Essex was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender on Tuesday 5 June, and was released under investigation after being questioned.

As part of the on-going work to reassure the public in Ipswich, a police pod remains between the junction of Packard Avenue and Rand’s Way. A mobile police station will also be staffed at various locations across the town during the whole of June, as well officers continuing to conduct additional patrols in the vicinity of the attack and across Ipswich to offer reassurance to residents.

Officers are also maintaining an ongoing dialogue with community leaders to address the concerns of people living and working in the area and to assist in reassuring the community.

Detectives are continuing their appeal for anyone who witnessed anything in relation to this crime to come forward.

They are particularly appealing for anyone with CCTV, dash cams, or mobile phone footage, who were in the area of Queen’s Way, Packard Avenue, Rands Way or Kingsway, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.
Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18.

Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

 **June 7 2018 - 8.20pm**

 **

**

Police in Ipswich have conducted weapons searches in the town as efforts continue to provide reassurance to the community following the murder of a teenager at the weekend.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens was assaulted by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

The weapon search is part of ongoing proactive work which is taking place in Ipswich, including increased patrols, to offer reassurance to the local community. The police pod in Nacton remains in place and a mobile police station is visiting various locations across the town over the next four weeks, to enable residents to speak to officers and raise any concerns they may have.

Today, Thursday 7 June, officers carried-out a weapons search in the Jubilee Park area, where they recovered one blade, a screwdriver, and four broken wooden sticks.

> **Superintendent Kerry Cutler, Policing Commander for Ipswich, said:** "Our efforts to provide reassurance to the people of Ipswich will continue over the coming weeks, with additional patrols taking place and the mobile station visiting all corners of the town.
>
> "Following recent reports in the local media that an incident occurred in Nacton Road earlier in the afternoon on Saturday 2 June prior to the murder, we would like to reassure the community, checks have been made and, although an incident may have taken place, there is no record of any call being made to police in this area during that timeframe.
>
> "However, if anyone did see something occur in the Nacton area on Saturday afternoon, or at any point that day, which they feel may be relevant to the murder of Tavis, please contact police or Crimestoppers anonymously.
>
> "I cannot stress how important it is for people to tell us what they saw in the vicinity of the attack either in the hours preceding it, or immediately following it."

Detectives are continuing their appeal for anyone who witnessed anything in relation to this crime to come forward.

They are particularly appealing for anyone with CCTV, dash cams, or mobile phone footage, who were in the area of Queen’s Way, Packard Avenue, Rands Way or Kingsway, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.

22-year-old Aristote Yenge from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester have both been charged with his murder. They appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court earlier today, Thursday 7 June, and were immediately committed to appear at Ipswich Crown Court this afternoon, where they were remanded into custody pending their next hearing on 5 July.

A 23-year-old man from Ipswich and a 17-year-old boy from Stowmarket, who were both arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder yesterday afternoon, remain in police custody this evening.

Three other men aged 41, 20 and 18, also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, have all been released on bail; and a 36-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender has been released under investigation.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18.

Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

 **June 8 2018**

The two most recent people arrested by police in connection with the murder of a teenager in Ipswich last weekend have been released on bail.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

Over the past week officers have arrested eight people in connection with the murder, two of which have been charged.

The latest arrests took place on Wednesday 6 June, when a 23-year-old man from Ipswich and a 17-year-old boy from Stowmarket, were both detained on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. They have been questioned by detectives whilst in custody and have now been released on bail until Friday 29 June.

22-year-old Aristote Yenge from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons) have both been charged with murder.

They appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court yesterday, Thursday 7 June, and were immediately committed to appear at Ipswich Crown Court later the same day, where they were remanded into custody pending their next hearing on Thursday 5 July

Three other men aged 41, 20 and 18, also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder, have all been released on bail until Wednesday 4 July pending further enquiries.

A 36-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, was released under investigation after being questioned by detectives.

Increased patrols will continue across Ipswich over the weekend and into next week to offer reassurance to the local community. The police pod on the Nacton estate will remain in place and the mobile police station will be in various locations across the town over the coming weeks, including in Saturn Road tomorrow and near to McDonald’s in Tavern Street on Sunday.

Detectives are continuing their appeal for anyone who witnessed anything in relation to the murder of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens to come forward.

They are particularly appealing for anyone with CCTV, dash cams, or mobile phone footage, who were in the area of Packard Avenue, Queen’s Way, Rands Way or Kings Way, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18.

Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

 **June 15 2018**

Detectives investigating the murder of a teenager in Ipswich at the beginning of this month are renewing their appeal for witnesses to come forward.

Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, aged 17, was attacked by a group of males at around 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June in Packard Avenue, during which he suffered a fatal stab wound.

In the days immediately following the incident, officers arrested eight people in connection with it, two of which have been charged with murder.

Despite the charges and arrests made so far, detectives are continuing to appeal to members of the public who may have any information about the attack to come forward.

Detective Chief Inspector Mike Brown, of the Major Investigation Team, said: “Tomorrow will mark two weeks since the tragic death of Tavis and although we have made great progress with the investigation so far, we need everyone who has information about the attack to come forward.

“We are determined to get justice for Tavis’ family and so I am directly appealing to peoples’ consciences that if you saw, heard, or know anything about this horrendous crime to contact us.

“Don’t stay silent. A 17-year-old boy had his life taken away in act of extreme violence and cowardice, leaving behind a devastated family who do not want other families to go through the pain they are currently experiencing.

“Just because we have arrested and charged people, we don’t want other potential witnesses to think we no longer need to hear from them, because we do. If you know something then please call us.”

22-year-old Aristote Yenge from Ipswich, and a 16-year-old boy from Colchester (who cannot be named for legal reasons) have both been charged with murder. They have been remanded into custody by pending their next hearing at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 5 July.

Five other people were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder as follows: three men aged 41, 20 and 18, who were released on bail until Wednesday 4 July; and a 23–year-old man and 17-year-old boy, who were released on bail until Friday 27 June.

A 36-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, was released under investigation after being questioned by detectives.

Detectives are particularly appealing for anyone with CCTV, dash cams, or mobile phone footage, who were in the area of Packard Avenue, Queen’s Way, Rands Way or Kings Way, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.

Increased police patrols will continue across Ipswich over the weekend and into next week to offer reassurance to the local community. The police pod on the Nacton estate near to the junction of Packard Avenue and King’s Way remains in place, allowing members of the public to speak to police officers directly.

The mobile police station will be in various locations across Ipswich over the coming weeks, including in Hening Avenue, Ravenswood on Saturday 16 June and in Dickens Road on Sunday 17 June.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18.

Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Family tributes to Tavis Spencer-Aitkens | 6 June

Please find below a statement read by DCI Mike Brown at a media conference held this morning (Wed 6 June) at Suffolk Police Headquarters. DCI Brown is the Senior Investigating Officer leading the investigation into the murder Tavis Spencer-Aitkens.

Also below are family tributes issued from Tavis’s mother Sharon Box and stepmother Helen Forbes.

 **DCI Mike Brown statement:**

We have received some tremendous support from the community but I know there are those who have yet to speak to us. I would urge anyone with any information to find the courage to get in touch.

Our detectives have pursued numerous enquiries as we work to identify and locate the people responsible for the attack on Tavis.

Over 40 officers, specially trained staff, and experts are all dedicated to this investigation. They have been working tirelessly on behalf of Tavis’ family, friends and the community to find those responsible.

So far we have made six arrests. Five suspects remain in custody and continue to be questioned by Detectives after Local Magistrates Courts granted Warrants of Further Detention to allow the detailed and meticulous work being done to be completed.

I'm sure you'll appreciate this is a very distressing time and the family have asked that we help read the tributes on their behalf.

Having listened to the agony of Sharon and Helen, we do not want any other family to suffer any loss in this way - the violence has got to stop. It is clear that Tavis was a young man who was loved dearly by his family and friends and his death is a huge loss to them all.

Although we believe this to have been a targeted attack, we understand the distress and anxiety caused to the local community. Local residents can continue to expect to see more police officers over the coming days whilst many colleagues continue to work behind the scenes.

I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this cowardly and violent attack, or who was in the local area and saw any suspicious persons or activity yesterday afternoon, to contact us immediately on 101 quoting reference 30192/18 via https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your continued interest and support in this investigation.

**Statement from Sharon Box, Tavis’s mother**

It has taken everything I have to come here today to appear before the press when the loss of Tavis has so devastated our family.

The reason I have done so is to appeal for anyone with information about his death to come forward.

If you know anything or saw what happened on Saturday I urge you to please contact the police.

I appreciate you may be concerned yourself, but please understand the pain our family is going through.

Tavis was our world. He meant everything to us. We will remember him as having a lovely soul. He was a well-mannered, polite young man. He was cheeky, outgoing, he loved his drill music and was a talented footballer. He was truly loved and is truly missed.

My darling son Tavis was taken from us unnecessarily, needlessly, and cruelly on Saturday the 2nd of June. He has left behind a heartbroken mother, twin brother Tyler, an amazing stepfather, loving grandparents, family and friends, who have all been left absolutely devastated.

If anybody witnessed this horrific attack or heard or saw anything could they please, please, please come forward.

Nothing will bring Tavis back. All we have left now are our memories and all we can do now is to try to help bring those who took his life to justice.

We don’t want any other family to suffer like we are suffering. The violence has got to stop.

**Statement from Helen Forbes, Tavis’s stepmother**

I echo what Sharon has said and would also plead for anyone with information about Tavis’s death to contact the police.

You could hold the vital piece in the jigsaw which could ensure that at least the people who did this won’t do this to anyone else.

All I want is those people held to account through the justice system for what they did to Tavis.

Tavis was only 17. He should have had his whole life in front of him. He should have had the chance to have a family of his own.

Now due to this senseless violence everything has been taken away from him and our family.

I would like to finish with the same message as Sharon. This violence has got to stop before it breaks even more hearts, just like it has broken mine.

I don’t want other parents/family members to feel the heart ache and pain that we are feeling at this time.

## Previous releases | June 2 2018 - June 6 2018

 **June 2 2018**

A teenager has sustained serious injuries after an attack in south-east Ipswich.

Police were called by the ambulance service at 4.50pm this afternoon, Saturday 2 June, to reports that a 17-year-old boy had been stabbed in Packard Avenue.

The air ambulance and police helicopter were also called to assist and the victim has been taken to hospital having sustained life-threatening injuries.

Early enquires lead detectives to believe that this was a targeted attack and initial witness reports have stated that the victim was walking back from the shops in Queens Way when he was approached by two males on bicycles who attacked him.

Witnesses state that they were then joined by four to five other males and he was further assaulted, before all the offenders then fled the scene. Packard Avenue is currently closed as a police investigation takes place.

Members of the public can expect to see an increased police presence in Ipswich this evening, with additional high-visibility patrols taking place across the town.

Any witnesses to the attack are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 306 of 2 June. Alternatively call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**June 2 2018 - 11.55pm**

A murder inquiry has been launched following the death of a teenager who was stabbed in south-east Ipswich, as police make an arrest in connection with the incident.

Officers were called by the ambulance service at 4.50pm this afternoon, Saturday 2 June, to reports that a 17-year-old boy had been stabbed in Packard Avenue.

The air ambulance and police helicopter were also called to assist and the victim was taken to Ipswich Hospital with life-threatening injuries, where he sadly subsequently died.

Early enquires lead detectives to believe that this was a targeted attack and initial witness reports have stated that the victim was walking back from the shops in Queen’s Way when he was approached by two males on bicycles who attacked him.

Witnesses state that they were then joined by four to five other males and he was further assaulted, before all the offenders then fled the scene.

Packard Avenue is currently closed as a murder investigation takes place and officers have been undertaking numerous enquiries already this evening.

As a result of these enquires, a 41-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and taken into police custody for questioning.

Members of the public can expect to see an increased police presence in Ipswich this evening, with additional high-visibility patrols taking place across the town.

Police are appealing for anyone with CCTV or dash cams who were in the area of Queen’s Way, Packard Avenue, Rands Way or Kingsway, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.

Any witnesses are asked to call the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 306 of 2 June. Alternatively call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**June 3 2018**

A 41-year-old man remains in police custody after being arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with the death of a teenager in Ipswich, as residents can expect to see an increased police presence across the town.

Officers were called by the ambulance service at 4.50pm yesterday afternoon, Saturday 2 June, to reports that a 17-year-old boy had been stabbed in Packard Avenue. The victim was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment where he sadly later died.

Detectives currently believe that this was a targeted attack and initial witness reports stated that the victim was walking back from the shops in Queen’s Way when he was approached by two males on bicycles who attacked him. They were then joined by four to five other males who further assaulted him, before all the offenders then fled the scene.

There will be an increased police presence across Ipswich for the remainder of this weekend and into next week, with additional patrols carried-out in the vicinity of the attack to provide reassurance to those living and working in the area.

Officers will also be linking-in with community leaders to address the concerns of local residents.

Packard Avenue remains closed as police enquiries continue and officers have been undertaking numerous enquiries since the attack occurred.

A 41-year-old man from the Ipswich area was arrested on suspicion of murder last night and he remains in police custody for questioning.

Detective Chief Inspector Mike Brown, of the Major Investigation Team, said: “I am appealing for anyone who witnessed this cowardly and violent attack, or who was in the local area and saw any suspicious persons or activity yesterday afternoon, to contact us immediately.

“Our detectives are already pursuing numerous lines of enquiry as we work to identify and locate the people responsible for this horrendous crime.

“Although we believe this to have been a targeted incident, we understand it will have caused a great deal of concern to the local community, so as a result residents can expect to see a heightened police presence over the coming days.

Officers are particularly appealing for anyone with CCTV, dash cams, or mobile phone footage, who were in the area of Queen’s Way, Packard Avenue, Rands Way or Kingsway, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.

Anyone with information is asked to call the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 306 of 2 June. Alternatively call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

**June 4 2018**

Police investigating the murder of a teenager in Ipswich at the weekend have made four more arrests in connection with the incident, as the victim is named by police.

Officers were contacted at 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June to reports that a teenager had been stabbed in Packard Avenue. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment where he sadly later died.

The victim has now been formally identified as 17-year-old Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, of Pownall Road, Ipswich.

A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound.

Tavis had been walking back from the shops in Queen’s Way when he was approached by two males on bicycles who attacked him. They were then joined by four to five other males who further assaulted him, before all the offenders then fled the scene.

Officers have been pursing numerous lines of enquiry over the past two days and as a result have this afternoon, Monday 4 June, detained four more people in Essex in connection with this crime.

The four males, who are aged 16, 18, 20 and 22 (and who all have links to Ipswich) have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and will now be brought back to Suffolk for questioning.

A 41-year-old man from the Ipswich area who was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder on Saturday evening, remains in custody after detectives made an application for a warrant of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this morning, where they were granted an additional 36 hours to question him which will expire just after 8pm tomorrow evening.

Packard Avenue has now reopened after being closed whilst officers carried-out forensic enquiries.

Additional police patrols are continuing in the vicinity of the attack and across Ipswich to offer reassurance to residents, and officers are maintaining an ongoing dialogue with community leaders to address the concerns of people living and working in the area.

A police pod is now in place near to the junction of Packard Avenue and King’s Way to enable members of the public to speak to police officers directly.

Officers are particularly appealing for anyone with CCTV, dash cams, or mobile phone footage, who were in the area of Queen’s Way, Packard Avenue, Rands Way or Kingsway, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or failing that by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18.

 **June 5 2018**

Police investigating the murder of a teenager in Ipswich at the weekend have arrested a sixth person in connection with the incident.

Officers were contacted at 4.50pm on Saturday 2 June to reports that a teenager had been stabbed in Packard Avenue. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital for treatment where he sadly later died.

The victim has been formally identified as 17-year-old Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, of Pownall Road, Ipswich.

A Home Office post-mortem examination concluded that the cause of death was as a result of a single stab wound.

Tavis had been walking back from the shops in Queen’s Way when he was approached by two males on bicycles who attacked him. They were then joined by four to five other males who further assaulted him, before all the offenders then fled the scene.

A 36-year-old woman from Essex was arrested earlier today, Tuesday 5 June, on suspicion of assisting an offender and was questioned by detectives at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre. She has now been released under investigation whilst enquiries continue.

A 41-year-old man from the Ipswich area was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder on Saturday evening. Four males, aged 16, 18, 20 and 22 (and who all have links to Ipswich) were arrested yesterday, Monday 4 June, on suspicion of conspiracy to murder.

All five male suspects remain in custody after detectives made an application for a warrant of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this afternoon where they were granted and additional 24 and 36 hours to question them which will expire at around midnight on Wednesday 6 June.

Additional police patrols are continuing in the vicinity of the attack and across Ipswich to offer reassurance to residents, and officers are maintaining an ongoing dialogue with community leaders to address the concerns of people living and working in the area.

A police pod remains in place near to the junction of Packard Avenue and King’s Way to enable members of the public to speak to police officers directly.

Officers are particularly appealing for anyone with CCTV, dash cams, or mobile phone footage, who was in the area of Queen’s Way, Packard Avenue, Rands Way or Kingsway, between 12pm and 7.45pm on Saturday 2 June to make contact.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact the Major Investigation Team, preferably by uploading information to the online portal:https://mipp.police.uk/operation/804 or by dialling 101 and quoting reference 30192/18.
Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

 **June 6 2018**

Officers from Ipswich will be staffing a mobile police station during June at variety of locations across the town.

The facility has been established in response to the death of Tavis Spencer-Aitkens who was murdered on Saturday 2 June.

The mobile station will be positioned at key locations across the town and will be staffed by police officers who will be on hand to address local concerns and provide reassurance and visibility to members of the public.

No definitive times for the mobile station have been established, but is likely to be in place to cover daytime and early evening to ensure as many people as possible are able to access the facility.

Additional police patrols are continuing in the vicinity of where the attack took place and across Ipswich to offer reassurance to residents. Officers are maintaining an ongoing dialogue with community leaders to address the concerns of people living and working in the area.

Supt. Kerry Cutler for the Southern area said: "We fully appreciate that following Saturday’s tragic incident concern remains high among the community. The mobile station will provide a visible and roving presence to people in Ipswich over the coming weeks to ensure we continue to listen and understand concerns of the community.”

Week One

Thursday 7 June – Prospect Rd

Friday 8 June – Lavender Hill

Saturday 9 June – Saturn Rd

Sunday 10 June – McDonalds Tavern Street

Week Two

Monday 11 June – Hadleigh Road, Sainsburys

Tuesday 12 June – Surrey Rd

Wednesday 13 June – Lupin Rd/Cowslip Close

Thursday 14 June to Saturday 16 June - Henning Ave, Ravenswood

Sunday 17 June - Dickens Road

Week Three

Monday 18 June - Wellington Street YMCA

Tuesday 19 June – Coltsfoot Rd

Wednesday 20 June – Norwich Rd/Clarkson St

Thursday 21 June – Victoria St

Friday 22 June – Stopford Ct

Saturday 23 June – Queen's Street in Food Court in town centre

Sunday 24 June – Wells Close

Week Four

Monday 25 June – Dickens Rd

Tuesday 26 June – Lavender Hill

Wednesday 27 June – YMCA

Thursday 28 June – Wells Close

Friday 29 June – McDonalds Tavern St

Saturday 30 June – Kelly Rd

Sunday 31 June – Surrey Rd
