```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-28T15:51:02+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-20T08:32:54+00:00'
og:
  description: A missing 13-year-old girl from Ixworth Thorpe, near Bury St Edmunds, has been found safe and well.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter3.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ixworth Thorpe - Missing girl found
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-28T15:51:02+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ixworth-thorpe-missing-girl-found
title: Ixworth Thorpe - Missing girl found | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ixworth-thorpe-missing-girl-found
```

A missing 13-year-old girl from Ixworth Thorpe, near Bury St Edmunds, has been found safe and well.

Alice Brindley had last been seen at Cambridge railway station at around 6.30pm yesterday, Sunday 19 March, from where she travelled to London.

Police enquiries into her whereabouts had been taking place over the past 24 hours, and as a result of these Alice was found in Islington this evening, Monday 20 March. She is now being brought home by Suffolk Constabulary officers.

Police would like to thank members of the public and the media for their assistance with this appeal.

## Previous release | 8.32am 20 March 2017

Police are appealing for help in tracing a missing 13-year-old girl from Ixworth Thorpe near Bury St Edmunds.

Alice Brindley was last seen at Cambridge train station at around 6:30pm yesterday, Sunday 19 March, and has not been seen since. It is believed Alice has headed to London and may currently be in the Islington area.

Alice is described as white, with collar length, red hair. When she was last seen she was wearing black skinny jeans, a black hoodie, a grey sheepskin top underneath the hoodie and black trainers. Alice was carrying a black leather rucksack with gold coloured zips.

Officers are concerned for her welfare and are asking anyone who has seen Alice, or who has any information on where she may be, to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

## Previous release | 10:58 20 March 2017

Police are releasing a new photograph of a missing 13-year-old girl from Ixworth Thorpe, near Bury St Edmunds, as work continues to locate her.

Alice Brindley was last seen at Cambridge railway station at around 6.30pm yesterday, Sunday 19 March, and has not been seen since.

Following initial police enquires, officers believe that Alice travelled to London, arriving at King’s Cross railway station and then visited the Islington area. It is also possible that Alice may be making her way towards the Walthamstow area.

Alice is described as white, 5ft 2in tall, of slim build, but her hair is currently shaved, contrary to the previous description of her that was issued. However, she is believed to be wearing a wig.

She was wearing a grey hooded jumper underneath a dark-coloured Ralph Lauren padded jacket, black skinny jeans, black trainers and carrying a black leather rucksack with gold-coloured zips.

Anyone who believes they may have seen Alice, or who has any information regarding her whereabouts, is asked to contact the duty sergeant at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on **101**.
