```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-12-13T10:39:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-12-13T10:35:13+00:00'
og:
  description: A police officer who investigated the rape of an woman in Ipswich has labelled the offender as &quot;cold, calculating and devious&quot; following his conviction.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-1081635852.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Male convicted of Ipswich rape
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-12-13T10:39:32+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-12-2019/male-convicted-ipswich-rape
title: Male convicted of Ipswich rape | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-12-2019/male-convicted-ipswich-rape
```

A police officer who investigated the rape of an woman in Ipswich has labelled the offender as "cold, calculating and devious" following his conviction.

His comments comes as 18 year old Jacob Young of Beechcroft Road in Ipswich was found guilty on Wednesday 11 December of rape, assault causing actual bodily harm (ABH) and theft.

It follows an incident in Ipswich on 13 October 2019 where a woman in her 20s was raped in her flat in the town.

The court heard how Young had followed her and her boyfriend who was with her after a night out back to her flat. Her boyfriend then left her at her flat so he could go to work, which is when Young knocked on the door and attacked her in her flat.

Young also stole her handbag in the incident. Young was remanded in custody and he will be sentenced on 14 January next year.

Investigating officer Sgt Rory Prior from the Safeguarding Unit said: "I am pleased with the guilty verdict of the jury as this case was the culmination of many hours of intensive work by the Ipswich Safeguarding Unit into a predatory male who was cold, calculating and devious. Such so called ‘stranger’ attacks are extremely rare in Suffolk and so it is extremely gratifying to see him off the streets.

"I’d also pay tribute to the victim - this was an extremely distressing for the victim and fully appreciate how difficult it was for her to have the courage to give evidence in court about the terrible ordeal she has suffered.”

"During the investigation it became apparent that he was convinced he would never be convicted. In what turned out to be a highly complex case, utilising all investigative tools available to us, we were able to dismantle his web of lies and deceit and safely remove someone who was a genuine threat to the public.”
