```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-23T16:23:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-12T15:41:29+01:00'
og:
  description: A 43-year-old man has been jailed for committing a string of burglaries in Ipswich and Sudbury.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/el_fellahi_ali.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Sudbury \u2013 Man jailed for burglary offences"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-23T16:23:30+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-10-2018/sudbury-%E2%80%93-man-jailed-burglary-offences
title: "Sudbury \u2013 Man jailed for burglary offences | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-10-2018/sudbury-%E2%80%93-man-jailed-burglary-offences
```

A 43-year-old man has been jailed for committing a string of burglaries in Ipswich and Sudbury.

Ali El Fellahi, of no fixed address, was jailed for three years and eight months for dwelling burglary and possession of a Class A drug offences when he appeared via video link before Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 21 November.

This sentence follows two burglaries which took place between Friday 12 October and Sunday 14 October in Sudbury.

The first burglary took place between 1am and 7am on Friday 12 October in Friars Street, where entry was gained to a property via an insecure window. Once inside, wallets, watches and a satchel containing a HP laptop were stolen from within.

The second burglary occurred shortly before midnight on Sunday 14 October in Melford Road, where entry was gained to a property via a window. Once inside, the offender was disturbed by the occupants and they then fled from the property. Items including laptops and jewellery were stolen.

Ali El Fellahi was arrested by officers from Bury St Edmunds CID investigating these incidents on Monday 22 October and was questioned before being charged with two counts of burglary and possession of Class A drugs on Tuesday 23 October.

Between his arrest and sentencing and whilst remanded in prison, El Fellahi chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter TIC (Taken Into Consideration) Unit and went on to make admissions to another 9 crimes including 8 further dwelling burglaries and a theft from motor vehicle offence.

Commenting on the sentencing, Detective Constable Barry Simpson from the Operation Converter TIC Unit said: "El Fellahi chose to engage with the TIC process in order to serve his impending prison sentence knowing that he would not have any crimes to deal with upon his release. Throughout the process, El Fellahi showed remorse and gave reasons for his offending and details of where some of the property stolen from the Sudbury burglaries had been sold. As a result of this, we have been able to recover a TV and return it to its owner and make enquiries in relation to the recovery of items of jewellery.

"This TIC process has allowed us to update victims with a positive outcome and to provide them with some reassurance that the crimes were opportunist and that they as victims, were not specifically targeted. This is often the main concern, so to tell them that the offender does not know them, does not know their home, had not been watching them and that they are now in prison, is particularly rewarding as a detective."

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.

## Previous release | 25 October 2018

A 43-year-old man has been charged in connection with two burglaries in Sudbury.

The incidents took place between Friday 12 October and Sunday 14 October.

The first burglary took place between 1am and 7am on Friday 12 October in Friars Street, where entry was gained to a property via an insecure window. Once inside, wallets, watches and a satchel containing a HP laptop were stolen from within.

The second burglary occurred shortly before midnight on Sunday 14 October in Melford Road, where entry was gained to a property via a window. Once inside, the offender was disturbed by the occupants and they then fled from the property. Items including laptops and jewellery were stolen.

Ali El Fellahi, of no fixed address, was arrested by police investigating these incidents on Monday 22 October. He was questioned and subsequently charged with two counts of burglary and possession of a Class A drug.

El Fellahi appeared via video link before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court yesterday, Wednesday 24 October, where he was remanded into custody pending a next appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 21 November.

## Previous release | 12 October 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Sudbury.

The incident occurred between 1am and 7am this morning, Friday 12 October, at a property in Friars Street.

At some point during times stated, offender/s entered via an insecure ground floor window and stole two wallets, cash, two watches and a satchel containing a HP laptop from within.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity or who has any information about the crime is asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting reference 58891/18.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
