```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-13T16:51:19+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-13T16:48:52+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 37-year-old man from Felixstowe has been jailed for six years and eight months after admitting targeting women in their 90s in a robbery and a burglary with violence in Felixstowe \u2013 and a series of other offences."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/gavindighton.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for series of offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-13T16:51:19+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-series-offences
title: Man jailed for series of offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-series-offences
```

A 37-year-old man from Felixstowe has been jailed for six years and eight months after admitting targeting women in their 90s in a robbery and a burglary with violence in Felixstowe – and a series of other offences.

Gavin Dighton, of Crown Street in Felixstowe, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court this afternoon, Thursday 13 October, where he pleaded guilty to eight offences and asked for 19 more to be taken into consideration. Among the other offences were a number of crimes in Felixstowe including break-ins at a children’s nursery in the town and at a charity shop in Hamilton Road, and a series of incidents in Saxmundham in July.

The crimes included;

 * A robbery which happened around 1.15pm on Friday 9 September in Valley Walk in Felixstowe. A woman in her 90s was about to enter her home when she was approached by Dighton who snatched her handbag from her and then rode off on a bicycle.
 * A burglary with violence in the Grange Farm Avenue area around 4.30pm on Monday 29 August where another woman in her 90s was targeted. Dighton pushed her over before stealing three handbags from her home. The lady sustained bruising and was left very shaken by the incident.
 * The burglary of a charity shop in Hamilton Road, Felixstowe, on 29 July.
 * Two counts of theft relating to cash and a tablet computer stolen from an address in Felixstowe between 6 September and 9 September.
 * Possession of crack cocaine, a class A drug, following a search of an address in Felixstowe on 13 September

The additional offences he admitted included four home burglaries, two thefts, seven burglaries of ‘other’ buildings – relating to burglaries at business premises and garages - and six vehicle crimes. These crimes were committed between July 2012 and August 2016.

The home burglary offences in Felixstowe included two at separate homes in Mill Lane in August where a laptop computer, a tablet computer, assorted jewellery, a ladies handbag and cash were among the items stolen, one at another address in Mill Lane in January where a laptop and cash were stolen and one in Crescent Road in August where an iPhone and designer handbag and its contents were taken.

The other offences included;

 * A burglary at Little Hoppers Nursery in Wadgate Road in Felixstowe between 27 and 30 August where a window in a door was smashed to gain entry before cash and a laptop were stolen, along with other items.
 * A burglary at a business in Sea Road in Felixstowe in July and break-ins at two amusement arcades in January and July this year.
 * The theft of a purse and contents from a vehicle in Ranelagh Road in Felixstowe on September 7.

Dighton also admitted crimes in Saxmundham including entering a garage in Heron Road with intent to steal and stealing a mountain bike from another garage at Thurlow Close overnight 23-24 July, three thefts from vehicles in Thurlow Close and one in Heron Road on the same night – where items including a satellite navigation system, a DVD system, a phone, cash, CDs, golf clubs and a bottle of wine were stolen – and an attempted theft from a vehicle in Tennyson Road.

Dighton was arrested on 13 September and was interviewed before being charged with the offences. He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 15 September, where he was remanded in custody. He then went on to co-operate with Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team to admit the further offences. The total value of items he stole is believed to have been just under £10,000.

DC Duncan Etchells of the Operation Converter team said;

“This case again demonstrates how one person can be responsible for a large number of offences. The sentence given today reflects both the number of crimes and the nature of the two most serious incidents, where women in the 90s were targeted. He has caused a huge amount of distress and misery to the individuals who were his victims and we’re pleased that he has been given a substantial jail term.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further crime. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
