```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-24T09:19:06+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-14T09:13:02+01:00'
og:
  description: Tributes are being paid to the victim of a fatal road traffic collision in Bury St Edmunds.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-grp-dsc_0024.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Family pay tribute to victim of fatal collision in Bury St Edmunds
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-24T09:19:06+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-bury-st-edmunds
title: Family pay tribute to victim of fatal collision in Bury St Edmunds | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-bury-st-edmunds
```

Tributes are being paid to the victim of a fatal road traffic collision in Bury St Edmunds.

Officers were called at 2.40am on Friday 14 July, to a report that a blue Peugeot 306 had collided with a pedestrian on the westbound carriageway of the A14, between junctions 43 and 42.

Alexander Beck, aged 27 and from Sheffield, sadly died at the scene.

Suffolk Police have been asked to issue the following tribute of behalf of his family:

"We are devastated at the sudden death of our beloved son and brother, Alex. He was a son and brother to be proud of and we will miss him dearly."

## Previous release | 14 July 2017

A man has died following a fatal road traffic collision in Bury St Edmunds.

Police were called at 2.40am this morning, Friday 14 July, to a report that a blue Peugeot 306 had collided with a pedestrian on the westbound carriageway of the A14, between junctions 43 and 42.

Ambulance crews and a volunteer doctor from the Suffolk Accident Rescue Service were also in attendance, but the pedestrian – a man aged in his 20s - was sadly pronounced deceased at the scene. The driver of the Peugeot was unharmed.

The road was closed for a collision investigation to take place and reopened at around 7.15am.

Any witnesses - including other motorists in the area at the time who may have dash cam footage - are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 27 of 14 July.

## Previous release | 19 July 2017

A 27-year-old man who died following a road traffic collision in Bury St Edmunds is being named as Alexander Beck from Sheffield.

Police were called at 2.40am on Friday 14 July, to a report that a blue Peugeot 306 had collided with a pedestrian on the westbound carriageway of the A14, between junctions 43 and 42.

Ambulance crews and a volunteer doctor from the Suffolk Accident Rescue Service were also in attendance, but the pedestrian was sadly pronounced deceased at the scene. The driver of the Peugeot was unharmed.

The road was closed for a collision investigation to take place and reopened at around 7.15am.

Any witnesses - including other motorists in the area at the time who may have dash cam footage - are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 27 of 14 July.
