```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-19T09:59:48+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-19T09:59:48+01:00'
og:
  description: "Three serving police officers will be cycling from London to Paris in just 24 hours in a bid to help a three-year-old boy who has a fatal muscle wasting condition.Pcs Paul Reynolds, Alan Humphrey and Tony Timthong want to raise money for Harrison\u2019s Fund, a charity set up to help research into Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.Paul\u2019s son Oliver was diagnosed with the condition when he was just three months old. It means Oliver, now aged three, cannot produce a protein needed to build muscles so every muscle in his body will deteriorate, including his heart."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/gallery/paris-cyclists.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk - officers in Paris challenge
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-19T09:59:48+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-06-2018/suffolk-officers-paris-challenge
title: Suffolk - officers in Paris challenge | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-06-2018/suffolk-officers-paris-challenge
```

Three serving police officers will be cycling from London to Paris in just 24 hours in a bid to help a three-year-old boy who has a fatal muscle wasting condition.

Pcs Paul Reynolds, Alan Humphrey and Tony Timthong want to raise money for Harrison’s Fund, a charity set up to help research into Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.

Paul’s son Oliver was diagnosed with the condition when he was just three months old. It means Oliver, now aged three, cannot produce a protein needed to build muscles so every muscle in his body will deteriorate, including his heart.

At this moment there is no cure and most sufferers are usually in a wheelchair by the age of 12 and die in their late teens or early twenties.

Current Metropolitan Police officer Paul, who worked for Suffolk Constabulary from 2001 to 2004, has teamed up with his friends Alan, who works at Forest Heath NRT3, and Met Police officer Tony, to take on the gruelling charity challenge on June 28-29.

Paul, who worked in Beccles, Felixstowe and on the Area Support team in Ipswich, before transferring to the Met in 2004, said: “When Oliver was diagnosed in 2015 our world was turned upside down.

“My wife Bhavine and I were told to take Oliver home and enjoy every minute with him. We were left feeling empty with our dreams and aspirations for our son ripped from us in an instant.

“We found Harrison’s Fund which is a small charity with massive goals. We want to get as much money as possible into the hands of the world’s best researchers, who are working to find a cure for Duchenne.

“The event is self-organised, self-funded and self-motivated and I’m fortunate that I have two very good friends, Alan and Tony, who will be joining me on this epic ride.

“Oliver is a very positive boy who loves to ride his balance bike, swim and play with friends, but knowing what he will have to cope with in the near future pushes me to help find a cure.”

Paul and Bhavine have another son Max, aged one, who does not have the condition.

Alan, who met Paul in 2004 before transferring to Suffolk, said the trio had been training hard for the ride which will set off from Marble Arch in London at 4pm on Thursday 28 June. They will cycle to Newhaven via Brighton before boarding the 10pm ferry crossing to Dieppe.

In France they then face around 12 hours in the saddle, setting off in darkness at 4am and aiming to get to the finish line at the Arc de Triomphe in Paris at 4pm. In total the three officers will cycle around 160 miles and climb 1.7 vertical miles.

The cycling fundraisers have set up a JustGiving page at https://www.justgiving.com/fundraising/paul-reynolds21 and any donations would be welcome.

## Gallery
