```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-28T17:32:13+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-27T09:31:40+01:00'
og:
  description: A 50 year old man who died following a road traffic collision yesterday has been named as Stewart Mackenzie from Westleton.Police were called at 8.56am on Tuesday 27 September to reports of a single vehicle collision involving a motorcycle on the B1125, Dunwich Road, Blythburgh near to the junction with the B1387. Mr Mackenzie, who was riding the motorcycle, sadly died later that morning.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-grp-dsc_0024.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man named following fatal collision in Blythburgh
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-28T17:32:13+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-collision-blythburgh
title: Man named following fatal collision in Blythburgh | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-collision-blythburgh
```

A 50 year old man who died following a road traffic collision yesterday has been named as Stewart Mackenzie from Westleton.

Police were called at 8.56am on Tuesday 27 September to reports of a single vehicle collision involving a motorcycle on the B1125, Dunwich Road, Blythburgh near to the junction with the B1387. Mr Mackenzie, who was riding the motorcycle, sadly died later that morning.

An investigation into the circumstances of the collision is underway. Witnesses or anybody with any information are asked to call Suffolk Constabulary's Serious Collision Investigation Team (SCIT) on 101 quoting CAD 60 of 27 September.

## Previous release

Emergency services are currently on the scene of a serious road collision in Blythburgh.

Police were called by the East of England Ambulance Service at 8.56am this morning, Tuesday 27 September, to reports of a single vehicle collision at the junction of the B1387 and the B1125 (Dunwich Road) Blythburgh. The air ambulance is at the scene.

Witnesses are asked to call Suffolk Police on **101** quoting CAD 60 of today.

## Previous release

Roads policing officers are appealing for information following a fatal collision on the B1125 (Dunwich Road) Blythburgh near to the junction with the B1387, which happened this morning, Tuesday 27 September.

Police were called at 8.56am today to reports of a single vehicle collision. Following the incident, a motorcyclist, a man in his fifties, has sadly died.

An investigation into the circumstances of the collision is now underway. Witnesses or anybody with any information are asked to call Suffolk Constabulary’s Serious Collision Investigation Team (SCIT) on 101 quoting CAD 60 of today.
