```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-28T14:19:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-28T14:17:54+00:00'
og:
  description: "Have you ever done the dance of the lost keys? It starts with the slow patting of pockets but as the realisation of the cost and hassle that will result if the keys can\u2019t be found starts to dawn, the patting becomes more frantic and starts to resemble a person who\u2019s trying to squash an angry wasp trapped beneath their clothing.In reality losing your keys is no joke, and Suffolk Police is collaborating with local businesses to promote its key fob recovery and keyholder database service, \u2018Suffolk SAFEKey\u2019, in a bid to encourage more people to register."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/safekey.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Safekey - Holding the key to your peace of mind
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-28T14:19:28+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/safekey-holding-key-your-peace-mind
title: Safekey - Holding the key to your peace of mind | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/safekey-holding-key-your-peace-mind
```

Have you ever done the dance of the lost keys? It starts with the slow patting of pockets but as the realisation of the cost and hassle that will result if the keys can’t be found starts to dawn, the patting becomes more frantic and starts to resemble a person who’s trying to squash an angry wasp trapped beneath their clothing.

In reality losing your keys is no joke, and Suffolk Police is collaborating with local businesses to promote its key fob recovery and keyholder database service, ‘Suffolk SAFEKey’, in a bid to encourage more people to register.

More than 7,000 people are currently members of Suffolk SAFEKey, which operates across the UK and the European Union. Since its launch in 2013, approximately £25,000 worth of lost or stolen keys have been successfully returned to their rightful owners as a result of the service.

Local bus operators First and Border Bus, as well as taxi service companies JR Travel, Cab Smart, Hawk Express and KCC Cars are all lending their support to the initiative by promoting the scheme in their vehicles to encourage customers to join.
Chief Inspector Jo Garrard, Head of Community Safety for Suffolk Police, said: "Losing your keys can be a distressing and costly experience, with the average cost to replace a set of keys on a fob estimated at approximately £500. Thousands of lost keys are handed in to us every year; many cannot be returned to their owner as there is no way to identify them. The aim of our Suffolk SAFEKey scheme is to provide a service that reunites people with their lost property.

"We are very grateful for the support from local businesses and for their help in raising awareness of the initiative. We hope it will encourage more people to sign up.”

Members of Suffolk SAFEKey will receive a metal Constabulary branded key fob, inscribed with a unique reference number to help identify them as the owner. The finder of the any lost registered keys will receive a £10 reward.

Membership is £1 per month and any money generated above what is required to operate the scheme is driven back into the ‘Safer Suffolk Fund’ to support local projects and schemes that, as per the Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner’s objectives, seek to improve the quality of life for those that live, work, travel and invest in Suffolk.

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, said: "SAFEKey is a really simple idea that has multiple benefits.

> "As PCC, I really appreciate the support that individuals signing up to Suffolk SAFEKey make to the county. Money generated from the initiative goes into my Police and Crime Commissioner’s Small Grants Fund, which supports Suffolk grassroots projects right across the county.
>
> "As a member of the scheme myself, I am reassured that if I ever lose my keys I stand a good chance of having them returned, which would never be the case without my SAFEKey fob. It makes perfect sense to the individual member, the Constabulary and the local projects which benefit from the grant funding.”

For more information about Suffolk SAFEKey, or to register as a member, please visit www.suffolk.safekey.org.uk or call 08444 121 802.

## Gallery
