```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-24T15:49:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-24T15:49:37+00:00'
og:
  description: "A former police officer from Suffolk Constabulary has been given a 12 month custodial sentence after he pleaded guilty to two offences.\_28 year old Daniel Jackson of Gorse Close in\_Lakenheath,\_Brandon appeared at Norwich Crown Court today (Monday 23 November) where he was sentenced to face two charges - misconduct in a public office and perverting the course of justice."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jackson.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Former Suffolk officer sentenced
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-24T15:49:58+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/former-suffolk-officer-sentenced
title: Former Suffolk officer sentenced | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/former-suffolk-officer-sentenced
```

A former police officer from Suffolk Constabulary has been given a 12 month custodial sentence after he pleaded guilty to two offences.

28 year old Daniel Jackson of Gorse Close in Lakenheath, Brandon appeared at Norwich Crown Court today (Monday 23 November) where he was sentenced to face two charges - misconduct in a public office and perverting the course of justice.

He was sentenced to six months for misconduct in a public office and six months for perverting the course of justice. The sentences will run consecutively.

He pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing on Friday 11 September.

It follows an incident on 20 October 2019 where another man was detained for possession of drugs in Newmarket. Jackson pleaded guilty to failing to properly investigate the offence after he disposed of the drugs at the time and freed the suspect. He then subsequently prepared wraps made up of sugar to masquerade as the evidence that he had earlier disposed of.

Following a police interview on 8 April this year, he was summonsed to Norwich Magistrates Court on 14 August 2020 for an initial hearing.
Jackson, who was based at Mildenhall, resigned from the force in July and following his guilty plea the case was adjourned for pre-sentence reports until Friday 2 October.

DCC Rachel Kearton said: "Daniel Jackson fell well below the standards we expect of all our police officers. This was not a momentary lapse of judgement and as such he has paid a huge price with the loss of his job, a career in the police and now has a criminal record.

"Suffolk Constabulary stands for the values of integrity, honesty, respect and trust. Jackson’s actions threatened those values, and there is no place for those that fall below the highest standards of personal and professional behaviour in our organisation.”
