```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-31T15:15:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-31T15:15:04+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and advising van owners to increase vehicle security following almost 20 incidents of theft of power tools from vans in east Suffolk in just over a week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/police_van.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Warning after thefts from vans
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-10-31T15:15:04+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/31-10-2017/warning-after-thefts-vans
title: Warning after thefts from vans | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/31-10-2017/warning-after-thefts-vans
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and advising van owners to increase vehicle security following almost 20 incidents of theft of power tools from vans in east Suffolk in just over a week.

The crimes occurred between Monday 23 October and this morning, Tuesday 31 October, across 10 towns and villages.

There have been 19 thefts or attempted thefts in total, occurring in the following locations:

\- Lowestoft (four incidents in Steeple View; Kilbourn Road; Honeysuckle Close; and Cranesbill Road)

\- Carlton Colville (two incidents in Ridgeville; and Elmdale Road)

\- Kessingland (two incidents, both in Church Road)

\- Bungay (two incidents, in Throckmorton Road; and Waveney Road)

\- Fressingfield (one incident in Victoria Terrace)

\- Halesworth (two incidents in Allington Road; and Oak Way)

\- Bramfield (one incident in The Street)

\- Kelsale (two incidents in Main Road; and East View)

\- Saxmundham (one incident in Saxon Road)

\- Framlingham (two incidents in College Road; and De Vere Close)

Officers are keen to hear from anyone who may have noticed any unusual activity or suspicious vehicles in these areas over the past week. Anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

If you are offered tools in suspicious circumstances, please do not buy them and let police know immediately via 101. You can also contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Van owners are advised to consider the following measures to reduce the risk of being a victim of crime:

\- Always lock all doors & shut windows, physically checking van doors are locked.

\- Do not leave any items on display.

\- Park in a garage or secure area where possible.

\- Park with the doors against a wall.

\- If you park on your driveway consider installing motion activated CCTV.

\- Be particularly aware when un-loading.

\- Remove tools from the van if possible.

\- Register tools for free at www.immobilise.com

\- Mark all tools (with a forensic marking solution if possible)

\- To increase the security of tools, you can bolt either a cage or box to the base of the van which should be secured with a sturdy close shackle padlock to reduce and deter further incidents.

\- Setting an alarm or immobiliser will make it more difficult for the offender.

\- Consider upgrading locks/fitting additional protection.

\- Information on Police approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
