```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-07T08:55:21+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-06T11:18:20+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Constabulary is launching a new initiative and welcoming applications from those wishing to enter the police service to become a Detective Constable.Traditionally, the path to becoming a DC would see entrants join as a uniformed police officer before specialising. However, Suffolk is now giving people with the appropriate transferable skills, knowledge and experience the chance to work alongside fellow detectives within six months of joining the police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/detectiverecruitment_tape_1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Join Suffolk Police as a Detective Constable
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-07T08:55:21+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/join-suffolk-police-detective-constable
title: Join Suffolk Police as a Detective Constable | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/join-suffolk-police-detective-constable
```

Suffolk Constabulary is launching a new initiative and welcoming applications from those wishing to enter the police service to become a Detective Constable.

Traditionally, the path to becoming a DC would see entrants join as a uniformed police officer before specialising. However, Suffolk is now giving people with the appropriate transferable skills, knowledge and experience the chance to work alongside fellow detectives within six months of joining the police.

The current shortfall in detective numbers in Suffolk is no different to the national picture. This initiative will supplement internal detective selection processes and aims to bring rapid support to investigators working in challenging fields.

No policing experience is necessary to take on this opportunity, but the ability to quickly absorb new skills and information is essential. The selection process will draw out applicants’ personal experiences, qualities and aptitude to become detective constables.

The selection process will involve a written application and assessment centre. This will be followed by an exercise designed to test decision making, observation and report writing. Applicants successful at final interview will undergo a medical assessment, fitness test and security check before a job offer will be made.

Detective training meets all the essential requirements of a police constable. Through work based activity and assessment a diploma and two year probation period must be completed.

Those interested can learn more about the detective entry process and relevant career pathways at an open evening, starting at 6pm Thursday 20 July, Assembly Hall, Suffolk Constabulary Police Headquarters, Martlesham Heath, Ipswich, IP5 3QS

Head of Safeguarding and Investigations Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Parkes said:

> “It is in no-one’s interests to recruit individuals who cannot meet the standards we demand of our detectives. Successful applicants will have to demonstrate strong communication and decision-making skills. They are required to be team players and have leadership qualities. Integrity, resilience and a strong belief in public service is essential. The process has to produce credible detectives.”

DCS Simon Parkes added: “Detectives in Suffolk lead investigations into serious and complex crime, often involving vulnerable victims. To secure a positive result for victims is hugely rewarding as it the prosecution of those responsible for these crimes.”

“Whilst the nature of crime may change, the complexity and challenge will always exist. As well as offences such as burglary, robbery and sexual assaults, detectives pursue criminals who increasingly exploit the internet and technology to commit their crimes.

“Whilst we must never forget the value of policing experience, I believe the detective entry scheme has huge potential and will of great interest to those who recognise their potential to work with the vulnerable who may become victims and the anti-social who break the law.

“Talented individuals, attracted to the idea of entering the police service as a detective have an exciting future. I would urge anyone who thinks this may be for them to contact us and see if this could be the career for them. It really is an extraordinary opportunity”

Suffolk's Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said:

> "I'm really pleased to see Suffolk Constabulary leading the way, this campaign to recruit police officers specifically as detectives is very innovative and is absolutely right for Suffolk.
>
> “Policing is a fantastic career with a wide range of disciplines and opportunities. I hope that this campaign will encourage a wide range of talented people to apply and I look forward to seeing the successful candidates making a start.”

The pathway for successful applicants would see them to start their training in October/November this year with the initial student course lasting 10 weeks before being tutored operationally. They will have continued professional development through mentoring and coaching.

DCS Parkes added: “I believe the detective entry scheme has huge potential. Talented individuals, attracted to the idea of entering the police service as a detective have such an exciting future. I would urge anyone who thinks they have what it takes to get in touch and see if this could be the career for them. It really is a job like no other.”

For more information visit the Detective Constable Entry Scheme section on the website.
