```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-21T16:06:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-19T06:45:38+00:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Long Melford at the weekend are renewing their appeal for witnesses.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/blue_lamp.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Renewed appeal after fatal collision - Long Melford
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-21T16:06:38+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/victim-named-after-fatal-collision-long-melford
title: Renewed appeal after fatal collision - Long Melford | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/victim-named-after-fatal-collision-long-melford
```

Police investigating a fatal road traffic collision in Long Melford at the weekend are renewing their appeal for witnesses.

Officers were called just after 1.30am on Sunday 19 February, to reports that a Volkswagen Golf had collided with a boundary wall.

Shane Frost, from Acton, and who was the driver of the car, died at the scene of the collision.

Police are now asking for anyone who may have seen a dark red/maroon coloured Volkswagen Golf in the vicinity of Sudbury or Long Melford between 12.30am and 1.30am on the morning of the collision to contact them.

Any witnesses are asked to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting reference CAD 26 of 19 February.

## Previous release | 19 February 2017

A man has died following a single vehicle road traffic collision in Long Melford.

Police were contacted just after 1.30am this morning, Sunday 19 February, to reports of a collision in Station Road. Emergency services attended and found a car – a VW Golf – had collided with a boundary wall.

A young man, believed to be in his 20s and from the Sudbury area, died at the scene.

An investigation is underway into the cause of the collision, with the road being closed while initial enquiries took place, however the road has now been re-opened.

Anyone who may have seen the vehicle prior to the collision or the crash itself is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police by dialling 101 and quoting CAD number 26 of today, Sunday 19 February.

## Previous release | 20 February 2017

A 25-year-old man who died in a road traffic collision in Long Melford is being named by police.

Officers were called just after 1.30am yesterday morning, Sunday 19 February, to reports that a Volkswagen Golf had collided with a boundary wall.

Shane Frost, from Acton, and who was the driver of the car, died at the scene of the collision.

Any witnesses are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting reference CAD 26 of 19 February.
