```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-07T14:31:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-07T14:27:35+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary in partnership with Suffolk County Council\u2019s Suffolk Youth Offending Service (SYOS) have been shortlisted for the national Howard League Community Award\_ in the \u2018Policing and children\u2019 category. The Youth Diversion Programme focuses on early assessment of children/young people aged 10-17 who have, or are at risk of offending, to identify and deliver an effective intervention to prevent criminalisation."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officers_walking_through_town.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk Constabulary and Suffolk Youth Offending Service shortlisted for award
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-07T14:31:24+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-11-2017/suffolk-constabulary-and-suffolk-youth-offending-service-shortlisted
title: Suffolk Constabulary and Suffolk Youth Offending Service shortlisted for award | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-11-2017/suffolk-constabulary-and-suffolk-youth-offending-service-shortlisted
```

Suffolk Constabulary in partnership with Suffolk County Council’s Suffolk Youth Offending Service (SYOS) have been shortlisted for the national Howard League Community Award in the ‘Policing and children’ category. The Youth Diversion Programme focuses on early assessment of children/young people aged 10-17 who have, or are at risk of offending, to identify and deliver an effective intervention to prevent criminalisation.

The process ensures a dynamic, fast response in which the child/young person can be assessed by SYOS and their family/carers visited at home. A joint decision can be made between police and SYOS on the most appropriate intervention for the child/young person, taking into account (where appropriate) the victims views. This will often result in an out of court arrangement for the child, and diversion from the criminal justice system.

The Youth Diversion Programme takes a holistic, ‘whole family ‘approach, something which officers were previously unable to take into account. Working together, this enables the SYOS and the police to engage quickly and effectively in understanding factors that impact on a child/young person’s behaviour. It helps officers make dynamic and effective decisions when dealing with children/young people who are involved in low level crime. Early intervention is often the key in stopping lives spiralling in the wrong direction. Understanding that children/young people can make mistakes but that this needn’t blight their future opportunities is central to this project. We are mindful that any interventions are proportionate and appropriate to the crime.

By giving children/young people the opportunity to choose again, to make better supported choices, future re-offending really can be prevented, enabling children/young people to continue to pursue their goals and aspirations. The programme offers better outcomes for the child/young person, improves victim satisfaction and ultimately reduces re-offending.

The Howard League Community Awards will be announced in London on Wednesday 8 November.
