```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-26T13:27:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-24T17:00:44+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating a number of recent burglaries in Ipswich have charged a man.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich burglaries - man charged
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-10-26T13:27:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-10-2017/appeal-after-ipswich-burglaries
title: Ipswich burglaries - man charged | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-10-2017/appeal-after-ipswich-burglaries
```

Police investigating a number of recent burglaries in Ipswich have charged a man.

Kearon Braybrook, aged 31 and of Station Street in Ipswich, was this morning, Thursday 26 October, charged with three burglary offences:

• Grantham Crescent on Saturday 21 October, where jewellery was stolen.
• Pimpernel Road on Monday 23 October, where a Dell laptop was stolen.
• Belstead Road at some point between Saturday 21 and Wednesday 25 October, where an iPod and racing bike were stolen.

Braybrook was arrested yesterday in connection with the incidents and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court today.

Officers are continuing to investigate a number of other break-ins in the town, and continue to appeal for anyone with information to contact Ipswich CID at Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference: 69090/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 24 October 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses and issuing crime reduction advice following a number of recent burglaries in Ipswich.

Details of the break-ins are as follows:

 * Burlington Road, near Crescent Road, at some point between 5pm and 6pm on Sunday 22 October. Access was forced by breaking a window to the rear of the property and a Nintendo Wii, Xbox and number of games for both consoles were stolen.
 * Rapier Street – three residences were broken into at a block of flats at some point between 7:20pm on Sunday 22 and 10:45am Monday 23 October. Jewellery, a Nikon digital camera and loose change were stolen.
 * London Road, near Bulwer Road, overnight between 11pm on Sunday 22 and 5am Monday 23 October. A Samsung TV, Toshiba laptop, and keys to a Vauxhall Zafira were among the items stolen. Whilst the vehicle was parked where the owner had left it, it is believed it was driven overnight by unknown persons as there is evidence of collision damage to the front panel on the passenger side of the car.
 * Emlen Street, at some point between 8:10am and 3:10pm yesterday, Monday 23 October. Access was forced to the rear of the property and a laptop, digital camera and loose change were among the items stolen.
 * Pimpernel Road, at some point between 10am and 2pm yesterday, Monday 23 October. Entry was forced via the rear of the property and enquiries are continuing to determine what has been stolen.
 * Lupin Road, sometime between 11am and 3pm yesterday, Monday 23 October. Access was gained via an insecure door and a number of items were stolen including a bank card, jewellery, two tablets and a mobile phone.
 * B1067 Bramford Road, near Bulwer Road, sometime between 1pm and 4:10pm yesterday, Monday 23 October. Suspects forced entry to the rear of the property and stole a quantity of jewellery.
 * Police were called to Burlington Road, near Crescent Road, at approximately 5:20pm yesterday, Monday 23 October, following after a member of public reported an unknown male was attempting to gain access by smashing a window to the rear of the property.
 * It is thought the suspect may have noticed he was being observed as he fled the scene on foot in the direction of London Road.
The suspect is described as white, in his late teens or early 20s, and of medium build. He has light brown hair, which was swept to one side, and was wearing a blue/grey hooded top.
 * Great Whip Street, at some point between 9pm yesterday, Monday 23, and 6:20am today, Tuesday 24 October. It is thought access was gained via an insecure door and a quantity of cash, including foreign currency, was stolen from a handbag.

Detectives are exploring how many of these incidents may be linked and are appealing for any witnesses or those with information to contact Ipswich CID at Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference: 69090/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Particularly as the nights are drawing, police are also urging residents to take steps to secure their homes to avoid becoming a victim of crime:

 **Burglary Prevention Tips:**

· Always close and lock all windows and doors when leaving your home.

· Always close and lock windows when in another part of the house or garden.

· Always keep front and rear doors locked when at home or out in the garden.

· Always keep garden sheds locked and don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

· Avoid keeping any valuable jewellery items (either sentimental or monetary value) in the master bedroom.

· Large quantities of cash should never be kept at home.

· Avoid keeping valuable jewellery in obvious places eg. jewellery boxes, under the bed or at the bottom of the wardrobe.

· Consider hiding such items in several locations around your home (not a wardrobe).

· If using a safe please ensure this is secured to a solid floor see www.securedbydesign.com for details.

· Ensure valuable or sentimental items of jewellery are suitably insured.

· Take photographs of all such items (laid beside a ruler) & store these in a safe place.

· Register all valuable items on www.immobilise.com

· Consider installing alarm systems, CCTV as well as doorbell camera technology to further secure your home.

For further crime reduction advice please visit www.suffolk.police.uk.

## Previous release | 25 October 2017

Police investigating a recent spike of burglaries in Ipswich have arrested a man.

A 31-year-old man from the town was arrested this morning, Wednesday 25 October, and has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be questioned by detectives.

Police are continuing to urge members of the public to take steps to secure their homes as the nights draw in, particularly as thieves prey on homes that are covered by darkness.

Anyone who may have information relating to this spate of crime is urged to contact Ipswich CID on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
