```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-30T11:59:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-30T11:59:40+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 53-year-old man has been jailed for three years after pleading guilty to the false imprisonment of a 17-year-old girl in a stranger incident that happened in Lowestoft on New Year\u2019s Day."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/wayneclay.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for three years for false imprisonment
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-30T11:59:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-three-years-false-imprisonment
title: Man jailed for three years for false imprisonment | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-three-years-false-imprisonment
```

A 53-year-old man has been jailed for three years after pleading guilty to the false imprisonment of a 17-year-old girl in a stranger incident that happened in Lowestoft on New Year’s Day.

Wayne Clay, formerly of Warren Road in Lowestoft, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday, 28 March, for sentencing and was given an extended eight-year sentence – three years imprisonment plus five years on licence.

The incident happened in Woods Loke West around 2.15am on Sunday 1 January. The young woman was walking home after celebrating New Year when she noticed a man loitering in an alleyway. She felt uneasy and turned to walk a different way but then heard footsteps behind her

She turned to see the man – Wayne Clay – who told her to be quiet before grabbing her waist. He then pulled her into a driveway with such force that both of them fell to the ground. The teenager screamed and fortunately two members of the public driving past heard and stopped to see what was happening, causing the man to get up and flee.

Following work by police to identify the suspect Clay was arrested and interviewed. He admitted being the man that had been seen on CCTV in the area and was positively identified by the victim as the man involved. He was charged with false imprisonment and appeared before Norwich Magistrates on January 12, where he was remanded in custody. He then pleaded guilty to the charge on February 23 and was remanded for sentencing on Tuesday.

> **Officer in the case DC Lee Cudmore said;** “We would like to thank the woman driver and her passenger who stopped their vehicle to intervene after hearing the teenager scream as this prevented anything further from happening. When Clay was arrested he told us in interview he had intended to ‘hug’ the teenager, but checks had already revealed that he had previously been jailed for an incident in Hertfordshire in 1997 where a teenage girl had been attacked in similar circumstances.”

> **Detective Inspector Matthew Adams, of Lowestoft CID, said;** “Police responded quickly after taking the report at 2.20am on New Year’s Day and carried out a search of the area. A combination of information gathered in the initial stages of the enquiry and further work by detectives identified Clay as a suspect and checks revealed that he had previously been jailed for 12 years for attempted murder where he had attacked another young woman who was walking home from a nightclub in Royston in Hertfordshire. He had grabbed her and told her to be quiet in a similar way before brutally attacking her and leaving her for dead.
>
> “We are very grateful for the prompt actions of the members of the public who were public spirited enough to stop and, in doing so, scared Clay off. Their actions along with the strength of the young woman and work by officers has resulted in Clay being jailed and given an extended licence term.”
