```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-11T14:34:21+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-11T14:33:53+01:00'
og:
  description: A 20-year-old Lowestoft man has been jailed for 15 months after pleading guilty to four offences including possession of heroin with intent to supply and possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/alexbaldry.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for supplying drugs
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-11T14:34:21+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-supplying-drugs
title: Man jailed for supplying drugs | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-supplying-drugs
```

A 20-year-old Lowestoft man has been jailed for 15 months after pleading guilty to four offences including possession of heroin with intent to supply and possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply.

Alex Baldry, of Beaconsfield Road, was arrested on Wednesday 8 March as part of a week of action to target those suspected of involvement in the supply of class A drugs into the town.

On the afternoon of Wednesday 8 plain clothes officers were on patrol in the London Road South area when they became aware of a group near Kirkley Cliff Road, which included Baldry. Realising that officers were moving in, Baldry fled and was pursued on foot by officers who saw him throw a plastic wrap towards them.

He was chased into an alleyway where he went through a back gate. He was detained and arrested a few moments later. Officers retrieved packages containing class A drugs, a lock knife, two mobile phones and a quantity of cash – just under £800.

The mobile phones were analysed and one showed numerous messages exchanged earlier in the day, all making mention of wishing to purchase drugs.

Baldry was taken into custody, and was subsequently charged with possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply, possession of heroin with intent to supply, money laundering and possession of an article with a blade or sharp point – the lock knife.

He was detained in custody to appear before Norwich magistrates on Thursday 9 March, where he was remanded in custody pending his next court appearance. He then appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on April 6, where he pleaded guilty to all four offences, and appeared again at the same court today, Tuesday 11 April, where he was sentenced to 15 months youth detention.

Baldry was one of 11 arrests made during a week of action in Lowestoft in March, where a total of around £5,000 worth of drugs were seized.

> **Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland said;** “Police in Lowestoft are continuing work to tackle the supply of class A drugs into the town and this was one of a number of arrests made during a week of action to target such offences.
>
> “We know the harm class A drugs such as heroin and cocaine can cause, both to individuals and communities, and drug use can fuel other crime if addicts commit offences to fund their habits. Our work encompasses enforcement through regular warrants, and the targeting of those suspected of involvement in supplying drugs, as well as work with partner agencies around treatment and diversion but we will always look to take action against those like Baldry, who are involved in the supply chain.”
