```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-20T09:44:43+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-14T11:14:05+00:00'
og:
  description: "A Home Office post mortem examination carried out yesterday (Thursday 16 November) on the body of Julie Feetham has proved inconclusive with further tests needing to be conducted.\_The 52-year-old died in hospital on Tuesday (14 November) after police were called to a property on Thurston Road in Beyton on Monday evening (13 November) after reports she had sustained serious injuries.\_The cordon on the Thurston Road property has now been lifted and there is no longer a police presence at the location."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/officer_sunlight.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Beyton death - Post mortem inconclusive
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-20T09:44:43+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-11-2017/beyton-death-post-mortem-inconclusive
title: Beyton death - Post mortem inconclusive | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-11-2017/beyton-death-post-mortem-inconclusive
```

A Home Office post mortem examination carried out yesterday (Thursday 16 November) on the body of Julie Feetham has proved inconclusive with further tests needing to be conducted.

The 52-year-old died in hospital on Tuesday (14 November) after police were called to a property on Thurston Road in Beyton on Monday evening (13 November) after reports she had sustained serious injuries.

The cordon on the Thurston Road property has now been lifted and there is no longer a police presence at the location.

A 55 year old man, arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm, was originally released on police bail until Thursday 23 November. He has now been released under investigation as enquiries continue.

## Previous release | 14 November 2017

Police in Bury St Edmunds have arrested a man after a woman was admitted to hospital last night with serious head injuries.

Officers received a call at 10pm last night (Monday 13 November) to reports that a woman in her early 50s had sustained serious injuries in a property on Thurston Road in Beyton.

She was taken to West Suffolk Hospital by ambulance for treatment to her injuries and is currently in a critical condition.

A 55 year old man from Bury St Edmunds was arrested on suspicion of GBH last night and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning where he remains.

A police scene is in place at the address on Thurston Road as enquiries into the incident continue.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact Bury St Edmunds CID, quoting crime reference 37/73318/17 on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 14 November 2017

A woman from Beyton who was admitted to hospital last night with serious head injuries has sadly died.

Officers received a call at 10pm on Monday 13 November to reports that a woman in her early 50s had sustained serious injuries in a property on Thurston Road in Beyton.

She was taken to West Suffolk Hospital by ambulance for treatment to her injuries but sadly died earlier today.

A 55-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds was arrested on suspicion of GBH on Monday night and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he remains.

A police scene remains is in place at the address on Thurston Road as enquiries into the incident continue. At this stage it is believed that the victim and suspect were known to each other. The woman has been formally identified as 52-year-old Julie Feetham of Thurston Road in Beyton.

A Home Office post mortem examination is due to take place on Thursday 16 November to establish the cause of death.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact police on 101 quoting crime reference 37/73318/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 15 November 2017

A 55 year old man arrested in connection with the death of a woman in Beyton has been released on police bail.

52-year-old Julie Feetham died in hospital yesterday after police were called to a property on Thurston Road in Beyton on Monday evening (13 November) after reports she had sustained serious injuries.

The 55 year old man, arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm, has been released on police bail until Thursday 23 November.

A Home Office post mortem examination is due to take place on Thursday 16 November to establish the cause of death.
