```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-09T13:08:53+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-09T12:20:47+00:00'
og:
  description: "Volunteers who want to make a difference in the county are being encouraged to join the ranks of Suffolk\u2019s Special Constabulary."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/specials.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk - Recruitment drop-in events for volunteer special constables
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-09T13:08:53+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-11-2018/suffolk-recruitment-drop-events-volunteer-special-constables
title: Suffolk - Recruitment drop-in events for volunteer special constables | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-11-2018/suffolk-recruitment-drop-events-volunteer-special-constables
```

Volunteers who want to make a difference in the county are being encouraged to join the ranks of Suffolk’s Special Constabulary.

The county has around 200 special constables who volunteer their time to assist the regular police force in keeping Suffolk safe.

Becoming a special constable is a positive opportunity to develop existing skills or to learn new ones, give something back to your local community and become a part of a diverse organisation that fights crime in the county.

The role of a special constable includes providing high visibility patrols and helping to police major incidents and events. They also offer vital links in the community between the police service and the public.

To apply you must be 18 years older, a European citizen and able to pass the force fitness test. You should also be able to offer 16 hours a month to carry out duties. You will get full training to become part of a team that deals with a variety of incidents and events across Suffolk.

Karen Harris, Specials, Volunteers and Cadets Manager said: "All of our special officers are highly trained and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime and keeping Suffolk safe. We are seeking applicants from all communities in our county with differing skills and experience, so if you have 16 hours a month or more to offer us, anytime of the day or night, and are interested in finding out more please come along to one of our events.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said: "I am a great supporter of the fantastic work that our specials carry out across the county every day and I’d like to encourage anyone who is interested to come along to one of the information events and find out more.

"Specials are an integral part of the policing family. They are extremely valued and valuable, and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime to help keep Suffolk safe.

"These volunteer police officers are not called specials for nothing. We are absolutely indebted to them all, their commitment and enthusiasm is second to none. They give their time for nothing and add a completely different dimension to policing in the county.”

 **A number of Special Constabulary recruitment information events are being held in community hubs across the county. Details are as follows:-**

 **Saturday 24 November – 10am-1pm –The Pavilion, Recreation Way, Mildenhall.**

 **Saturday 1 December – 10am-1pm – Town Hall, Broad Street, Eye.**

 **Monday 3 December – 6.30pm – Suffolk Constabulary Headquarters, Martlesham Heath.**

 **Saturday 26 January, 2019 – 10am-1pm – Rifle Hall, London Road, Halesworth.**

 **Saturday 23 February, 2019 – 10am-1pm – Southgate Community Centre, Caie Walk, Bury St Edmunds.**

 **Saturday 16 March, 2019 – 10am – 1pm – King Georges Community Centre, King Georges Avenue, Leiston.**

Attendees will be able to follow the applicant journey from start to finish, including how to complete an application form, what happens at assessment centres, details of the training programme, what personal safety training officers receive and speak to special officers to find out exactly what it’s like to be a special with Suffolk Constabulary.

If you intend to go along to one of the events, please confirm your attendance by emailing [email protected] If you cannot attend but would like more information, please go to our website www.suffolk.police.uk\- join us - volunteer
