```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-30T16:21:49+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-30T15:11:56+01:00'
og:
  description: "One of East Anglia\u2019s most senior police officers has announced her retirement.Assistant Chief Constable Sarah Hamlin, who has been at the heart of policing for both Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies, will be leaving the forces after 30 years of service."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sarahhamlin363.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: ACC announces retirement after 30 years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-30T16:21:49+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/acc-announces-retirement-after-30-years-0
title: ACC announces retirement after 30 years | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/acc-announces-retirement-after-30-years-0
```

One of East Anglia’s most senior police officers has announced her retirement.

Assistant Chief Constable Sarah Hamlin, who has been at the heart of policing for both Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies, will be leaving the forces after 30 years of service.

Norfolk’s Chief Constable Simon Bailey said: "As an Assistant Chief Constable for both forces, Sarah has made some significant contributions across many different areas. As head of protective services she has helped shape everything from intelligence to major investigations, and throughout her career she has worked closely with some of the most vulnerable members of society. Alongside this, Sarah has played a key role in helping us all to think differently about how we deliver policing in today’s online world."

> #### Suffolk’s Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "Sarah’s joint role across Suffolk and Norfolk helped us to work together more effectively. In this challenging financial climate, collaboration has helped deliver our services more efficiently and Sarah’s knowledge and experience has made a real difference."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Norfolk Lorne Green said: ‘"I was sorry to hear the news that ACC Sarah Hamlin will be leaving Norfolk Police. In the three-and-a-half months I have been Police and Crime Commissioner, I have had the opportunity to work with her a number of times and have been impressed by her commitment and professionalism. I am aware of the important contribution she has made over 30 years and am disappointed the Constabulary will no longer benefit from her knowledge and dedication. I know she had even more to give, but wish her well in her retirement.”

ACC Hamlin said: "I’ve had a fantastic career and thoroughly enjoyed my 30 years with Norfolk Constabulary and latterly in also working with the Suffolk Constabulary. I have many fond memories and without doubt these are the best forces I could have wished to work with. I consider though that now is the right time for me to retire to spend more time with family and friends as I look to pursue my other dreams.”
