```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-13T15:22:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-27T15:35:09+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed following a robbery in Bury St Edmunds.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/bury-images.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Two men jailed following robbery"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-11-13T15:22:12+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-06-2019/bury-st-edmunds-two-men-jailed-following-robbery
title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Two men jailed following robbery | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-06-2019/bury-st-edmunds-two-men-jailed-following-robbery
```

The incident occurred shortly before 12.40pm in Tennyson Road on Thursday 27 June.

The victim - a woman aged in her 80s - had visited the Post Office in Lake Avenue when an unknown male assaulted her and stole her handbag, which contained bank cards and a quantity of cash.

The woman fell during the incident and was left shaken with cuts and bruises. She was taken by ambulance to West Suffolk Hospital for treatment.

Robert Duke, 36 of Broad Road, Bacton, and Kyle Haggerty, 27 of no fixed address, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday 12 November, where they were both given jail sentences totally nearly 16 years.

Both Duke and Haggerty had previously denied the offences but were found unanimously guilty by a jury after a week-long trial.

Haggerty was jailed for eight years for robbery and one year to run concurrently for fraud. Duke was jailed for seven years and ten months. Both men were also each ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £170.

Duke was charged with robbery and Haggerty was charged with robbery and fraud on 1 July.

Commenting on the sentencing, Detective Constable Matt Egan said: “This was a cruel and cowardly crime. The offenders preyed upon an elderly lady who was going innocently about her daily business and who stood little to no chance of defending herself. I hope that the victim will find some solace in this verdict and can begin to put this terrible ordeal behind her.”

## Previous release | 1 July 2019

Two men have been charged with robbery following an incident in Bury St Edmunds last week.

The incident occurred shortly before 12.40pm in Tennyson Road on Thursday 27 June.

The victim - a woman aged in her 80s - had recently visited the Post Office in Lake Avenue, when an unknown male assaulted her and stole her handbag, which contained bank cards and a quantity of cash.

The woman fell during the incident and was left shaken and with cuts and bruises. She was taken by ambulance to West Suffolk Hospital for treatment.

A 35-year-old man was arrested on Saturday 29 June and he was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Robert Duke, 35, of Broad Road, Bacton, has been charged with robbery and he is due appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Monday 1 July.

A second person - a 26-year-old man – was also arrested on Saturday 29 June and he was taken into police custody for questioning.

Kyle Haggerty, of no fixed address, has subsequently been charged with robbery and fraud. He is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court today.

Anyone with any further information should contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station, quoting crime reference 37/37332/19.

Website: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email: PC Matthew Egan

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

## Previous release | 29 June 2019

Following an appeal for witnesses in relation to a robbery that occurred in Tennyson Road in Bury St Edmunds on Thursday 27 June 2019, a 35-year-old male has been arrested.

The victim, who is in her eighties, was assaulted and her handbag stolen after having visited the Post Office on Lake Avenue. She fell during the incident and was left shaken with cuts and bruises.

The man was arrested on suspicion of robbery and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning where he remains.

Detectives are continuing to encourage anyone with information about this incident to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 37/37332/19 or CAD 144 of 27 June or by providing an online update via the constabulary website: www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

## Previous release I 27 June 2019

Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Bury St Edmunds.

The incident occurred shortly before 12.40pm in Tennyson Road, today, Thursday 27 June.

The victim - a woman aged in her 80s - had recently visited the Post Office in Lake Avenue, when an unknown male assaulted her and stole her handbag, which contained bank cards and a quantity of cash.

The woman fell during the incident and was left shaken and with cuts and bruises. She was taken by ambulance to West Suffolk Hospital for treatment.

Detectives are urging local residents to check their gardens, dustbins and outbuildings for a discarded black handbag with two straps.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference CAD 144 of today 27 June or by providing an online update via the constabulary website: www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org
