```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-08-28T12:07:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-12T16:36:31+01:00'
og:
  description: A 22-year-old prisoner who absconded from Hollesley Bay has been arrested.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/thank-you.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Hollesley Bay \u2013 Absconder arrested"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-08-28T12:07:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/hollesley-bay-absconder-arrested-0
title: "Hollesley Bay \u2013 Absconder arrested | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/hollesley-bay-absconder-arrested-0
```

A 22-year-old prisoner who absconded from Hollesley Bay has been arrested.

John Biddle, aged 22, was reported missing at approximately 12.20pm on Wednesday 12 August, after a roll call was carried out and he could not be located.

Biddle was arrested in the Huntingdon area of Cambridgeshire yesterday, Thursday 27 August.

Suffolk police would like to thank members of the public and media for their assistance with this appeal.

## Previous release | 27 August 2020

Police are issuing a renewed appeal for help to trace a prisoner who absconded from Hollesley Bay earlier this month.

John Biddle, aged 22, was reported missing at approximately 12.20pm on Wednesday 12 August, after a roll call was carried out and he could not be located.

He is serving a seven year and two-month sentence for burglary, possession of an offensive weapon, theft and a driving with no insurance offences.

Biddle is described as white, 5ft 8ins tall, of medium build and with blond hair and brown eyes.

Biddle is believed to have links to Somersham in Cambridgeshire, Tattershall in Lincolnshire and Hampton Vale in Peterborough.

Anyone who believes they have seen John Biddle, or who has any information on his whereabouts, is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD reference 221 of 12 August 2020.

## Previous release | 12 August 2020

Police are appealing for help to trace a prisoner who has absconded from Hollesley Bay.

John Biddle, aged 22, was reported missing at approximately 12.20pm, today, Wednesday 12 August, after a roll call was carried out and he could not be located.

He is serving a seven year and two-month sentence for burglary, possession of an offensive weapon, theft and a driving with no insurance offences.

Biddle is described as white, 5ft 8ins tall, of medium build and with blond hair and brown eyes.

Anyone who believes they have seen John Biddle, or who has any information on his whereabouts, is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD reference 221 of today, 12 August 2020.
