```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-09T12:45:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-08T19:57:51+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Blyford near Halesworth.\_Officers were called to reports of a two vehicle collision at around 4.45pm yesterday (Thursday 8 February) on the B1123 involving a silver Vauxhall Corsa and a silver Renault Trafic van. Fire and ambulance services were also called to the scene."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/collisionappealrural.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Witness appeal following serious RTC on B1123 at Blyford
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-09T12:45:03+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-02-2018/witness-appeal-following-serious-rtc-b1123-blyford
title: Witness appeal following serious RTC on B1123 at Blyford | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-02-2018/witness-appeal-following-serious-rtc-b1123-blyford
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious road traffic collision in Blyford near Halesworth.

Officers were called to reports of a two vehicle collision at around 4.45pm yesterday (Thursday 8 February) on the B1123 involving a silver Vauxhall Corsa and a silver Renault Trafic van. Fire and ambulance services were also called to the scene.

A 17-year-old girl, who was a rear seat passenger in a Vauxhall Corsa, was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s Hospital having sustained life-threatening injuries. Three other people in the Vauxhall Corsa were taken to James Paget hospital to be checked over.

The road was closed for several hours while a collision investigation took place. It reopened at 11pm.

Anyone who witnessed the collision is asked to contact the Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 248 of 8 February.

## Previous release | 8 February 2018

Police are at the scene of a serious road traffic collision at Blyford near Halesworth.

Officers were called to reports of a two vehicle collision at around 4.45pm today on the B1123 (Thursday 8 February). Fire and ambulance services were also called to the scene.

A woman in one vehicle has been taken to Addenbrookes' hospital for treatment to serious injuries. Three other people have been taken to the James Paget hospital for treatment. The road is likely to be closed for some time while emergency services remain at the scene.

Anyone who witnessed the collision is asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting reference 248 of Thursday 8 February.
