```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-14T17:15:35+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-14T17:15:04+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Operation Converter team has secured another conviction of a man who has been jailed following a string of burglaries across East Anglia."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/karlfuller.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for burglaries across two counties
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-14T17:15:35+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-02-2019/man-jailed-burglaries-across-two-counties
title: Man jailed for burglaries across two counties | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-02-2019/man-jailed-burglaries-across-two-counties
```

Suffolk Constabulary’s Operation Converter team has secured another conviction of a man who has been jailed following a string of burglaries across East Anglia.

30 year old Karl Fuller of no fixed abode was jailed for three years following a number of offences in Suffolk and Norfolk. He was sentenced at Norwich Crown Court (14 February 2019) after he pleaded guilty to five counts of burglary.

He was initially charged with five counts of burglary in Norwich and Weeting that took place in early December last year where jewellery and cash were stolen.

He was arrested on 9 December and taken to Wymondham Police investigation Centre for questioning by detectives and subsequently charged the following day.

Between being charged and being dealt with at court, Fuller chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit another 31 other offences – these included 18 dwelling burglaries (12 in Norfolk and six in Suffolk all in Brandon), six burglary –other (four in Norfolk and two in Suffolk) three incidents of theft in Norfolk, two cases of criminal damage to a motor vehicle (Norfolk) and two Suffolk based offences of taking a vehicle without consent and fraud by false representation. These all took place between 26 October 2015 and 5 December 2018.

Nearly £40,000 of goods were stolen and just under £4,000 worth of damage caused. Among the items stolen were jewellery, cash, I-pads and in two separate cases two caravans from Thetford from the same business premises. In another incident £2500 worth of car parts was stolen from a business premises in Watton.

DC Duncan Etchells from the Operation Converter team said: "Burglary whether of the home or business is a clear invasion of people’s premises and their personal space and can be very upsetting and distressing for the victims as well as being highly disruptive for businesses. It’s very satisfying to see Fuller behind bars after the widespread distress and havoc that his actions caused residents and business owners. Hopefully, the sentence given in this case will provide some peace of mind to Fuller’s victims and also act as a deterrent to other would-be burglars.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.

Note to editors:
