```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-01T17:42:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-01T17:42:48+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are issuing a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with two thefts from vehicles.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cctv_image.jpeg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: CCTV appeal following thefts from vans in Newmarket
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-01T17:42:57+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-02-2018/cctv-appeal-following-thefts-vans-newmarket
title: CCTV appeal following thefts from vans in Newmarket | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-02-2018/cctv-appeal-following-thefts-vans-newmarket
```

Police are issuing a CCTV image of a man they would like to speak to in connection with two thefts from vehicles.

The first theft took place on Friday 19 January between 12:24pm and 12:55pm at the Kentford Service Station in Bury Road in Kentford, Newmarket.

Two unknown males, who arrived at the location in a silver Ford Galaxy and transit van, were witnessed entering a white Citroen Relay van, which had been left insure and parked at the location while the owner was inside.

The two suspects were then seen heading towards Newmarket. It isn’t known at this stage if any tools were taken.

The second incident took place later the same day at around 2pm at the Plumb Centre in Studlands Park Avenue, also in Newmarket. A quantity of power tools were stolen from an insecure van while it was parked at the location. A white transit van was witnessed at the rear of the victim’s van around the time of the incident.

Police would like to speak to the man pictured in the CCTV image about these incidents.

Anyone who recognises the man, or anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 37/3648/18 (Studlands Avenue) or 37/3637/18 (Kentford). Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Van owners are also advised to register their tools for free at www.immobilise.com by taking note of the serial numbers and models, and to use ultraviolet pen to (invisibly) mark their property, which increases the chances of having them returned to you in the event of being lost or stolen.

Van drivers should also consider the following measures to reduce the risk of being a victim of crime:

• Always lock all doors and shut windows, physically checking van doors are locked.
• Park in a garage or secure area where possible.
• Park with the doors against a wall.
• If you park on your driveway consider installing motion activated CCTV.
• Be particularly aware when unloading.
• Remove tools from the van if possible.
• To increase the security of tools, you can bolt either a cage or box to the base of the van which should be secured with a sturdy close shackle padlock to reduce and deter further incidents.
• Setting an alarm or immobiliser will make it more difficult for the offender.
• Consider upgrading locks/fitting additional protection.
• Information on Police approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
