```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-10T23:00:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-10T23:00:06+00:00'
og:
  description: "Two people from Ipswich have been sentenced for drug offences relating to cannabis supply.\_Devante Dlayedwa, \_aged 19, of Morland Road in the town and Lauren Crowley, aged 19 \_of Havergate Road, in Ipswich, both admitted being concerned in the supply of cannabis last year at an earlier hearing and were sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 10 December."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-526878803.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Two people sentenced for cannabis offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-10T23:00:52+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-two-people-sentenced-cannabis-offences
title: Ipswich - Two people sentenced for cannabis offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-two-people-sentenced-cannabis-offences
```

Two people from Ipswich have been sentenced for drug offences relating to cannabis supply.

Devante Dlayedwa, aged 19, of Morland Road in the town and Lauren Crowley, aged 19 of Havergate Road, in Ipswich, both admitted being concerned in the supply of cannabis last year at an earlier hearing and were sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 10 December.

Dlayedwa received a eight month detention order, suspended for two years, whilst Crawley was sentenced to a 12 month community order.

It follows an incident on 10 June last year when officers from the Sentinel South team had reason to stop a black Mercedes A180 on Morland Road. Officers realised there was a strong smell of cannabis was emanating from the vehicle. Both occupants were detained for a Misuse of Drugs Act search and on searching the vehicle itself a large quantity of herbal cannabis was located in the rear seated area of the vehicle, including weighing scales.

They were both arrested on possession with intent to supply drugs and taken to Marltesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. Following further enquiries they were later subsequently charged with being concerned in the supply of cannabis.

The Sentinel team provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
