```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-23T09:15:54+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-22T10:56:29+01:00'
og:
  description: A 24-year-old man who died following a three-vehicle road traffic collision at Foxhall on Wednesday evening has been formally named as Gavin Chandler, from Tunstall.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/gavinchandlersmall.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Foxhall - motorcyclist named after fatal collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-23T09:15:54+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/foxhall-motorcyclist-fatal-collision
title: Foxhall - motorcyclist named after fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/foxhall-motorcyclist-fatal-collision
```

A 24-year-old man who died following a three-vehicle road traffic collision at Foxhall on Wednesday evening has been formally named as Gavin Chandler, from Tunstall.

Police were called just after 8pm on Wednesday, 21 June, to reports a blue Yamaha motorcycle had been in collision with a black Ford KA and a grey Volvo on the A12 at Foxhall.

Mr Chandler was taken to hospital but sadly died a short time later.

His family have asked us to release the below on their behalf -

“Gavin Chandler, 24, from Tunstall, Suffolk, sadly died following the collision on the A12 on 21st June. Gavin came from a close and loving family and had a wide variety of friends. He was loving, caring and kind. He was an avid mechanic and worked at Jaguar and Land Rover in Ipswich. He will be deeply missed but never forgotten as he was loved by many. Please appreciate his grieving friends and family at this shocking and upsetting time.”

Police are continuing to ask anyone who may have seen the vehicles prior to the collision or the crash itself, or who may have any dash cam footage of the incident, to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 411 of 21 June.

## Previous release | 22 June 2017

A motorcyclist has died following a three-vehicle collision on the A12 at Foxhall last night.

Police were alerted just after 8pm yesterday, Wednesday 21 June, to reports a motorcycle had been in collision with a Ford KA and a Volvo car.

The motorcyclist, a man in his 20s, was taken to hospital for treatment by ambulance but sadly died a short time later.

The A12 was closed for several hours to allow an investigation into the circumstances of the collision to take place. The road has now reopened.

Witnesses or those who may have any dash cam footage of the incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 reference CAD 411 of yesterday 21 June.
