```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-05T16:53:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-05T11:40:07+01:00'
og:
  description: A 22 year old man has been jailed for drug offences in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mugshot.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 22 year old man jailed for Ipswich drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-05T16:53:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-10-2018/22-year-old-man-jailed-ipswich-drug-offences
title: 22 year old man jailed for Ipswich drug offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-10-2018/22-year-old-man-jailed-ipswich-drug-offences
```

A 22 year old man has been jailed for drug offences in Ipswich.

Sheldon William-Beaumont of Gordon Road in London was found guilty by a jury (Thu 4 October) at Ipswich Crown Court after a three day trial for possession with intent to supply crack cocaine and heroin and money laundering. He was sentenced to 30 months in prison.

It follows an in incident on February 16 2018 in Alexandra Park in Ipswich where officers had reason to search William-Beaumont . When they approached him he fled the scene but was detained shortly afterwards. He had in his possession, when he was searched, four wraps of crack cocaine and one of heroin and £107 cash.

He was arrested of possession with intent to supply and taken to Marltesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and subsequently charged later the same day.

Sgt. Murray Osman said: "This was another great result by the Youth Gang Prevention Unit as look to get the scourge of drugs off our streets. William-Beaumont was an operator who has links to drug gangs from London and someone who was determined to sell on the streets of Ipswich bringing misery to resident and vulnerable people - his not guilty plea at the outset of the trial demonstrates his lack of remorse for what he was doing.

"This result will hopefully reassure the local community that we will continue to listen to their concerns and demonstrates our ongoing commitment to tackle Class A drug dealing in the county under the force wide Operation Velocity banner.”

"The force wants to ensure the county remains a hostile environment for those involved in the supply of drugs.”

The supply and dealing of illegal drugs will not be tolerated and residents can be reassured that any information passed to police will be acted on.

"If you suspect drug dealing is taking place or you are concerned that a young person or vulnerable adult may have been targeted by an organised crime group, please tell us. You don’t have to be certain, just concerned.

Call us on 101 or if you prefer you can contact Crimestoppers to report anonymously – online or by calling 0800 555 111.
