```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:47:58+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-09T16:34:44+01:00'
og:
  description: A man who sexually abused pupils in his care at a Suffolk boarding school has been sentenced to 21 years in prison.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/gerard-singer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Gerard Singer sentenced
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:47:58+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/gerard-singer-sentenced
title: Gerard Singer sentenced | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/gerard-singer-sentenced
```

A man who sexually abused pupils in his care at a Suffolk boarding school has been sentenced to 21 years in prison.

Today, Friday 9 September, Gerard Singer has been given a 29 year sentence, 21 years to be served as a custodial imprisonment and an extended 8 year licence. In addition he was given an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

Singer, aged 69, had been found guilty at Ipswich Crown Court in July 2016 of 27 charges relating to eight victims. The sexual abuse offences took place at the now defunct St George’s School located initially at Wicklewood, Norfolk and then in Great Finborough, Suffolk, between 1979-1981 when Singer was working there as a language teacher. The eight victims were all boys aged between 9 and 13 years of age at the time the offences were committed. The offences included 16 counts of indecent assault, two count of gross indecency with a boy under 14, three counts of buggery, five counts of incitement to commit gross indecency and one count of assault with intent to commit buggery.

In 1982 concerns were raised about the behaviour of Headmaster Derek Slade and teacher Gerard Singer at the St George’s School by reporter Roger Cook in a BBC Radio 4 programme.

Suffolk Police began an investigation in 2009 when a number of ex-pupils of the school came forward and made allegations about abuse which had taken place during their time at the school. Derek Slade was arrested in 2010 and subsequently convicted at Ipswich Crown Court of a number of a sexual and physical assault offences relating to 12 boys. He also pleaded guilty to offences relating to indecent images and possession of a false passport. Slade was sentenced to 21 years imprisonment.

Gerard Singer, of Rue Alanoy, Elnes, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France was extradited from France in December 2015. He was collected by Suffolk Police officers and brought back to the UK where he was then taken into custody. Singer was then charged with a number of offences. His trial began at Ipswich Crown Court on 20 June 2016.

> Detective Constable, Karen Crowther said "This trial has brought to a close one of the longest child sex abuse investigations carried out by Suffolk Police. I would personally like to thank all those that gave evidence in this matter for their patience and the trust they put in us. Some of them were spoken to as far back as 2009 and have waited a long time for this matter to come to court. I hope that now these matters have been dealt with it will help them to deal with the awful events that took place at St George’s school. They should feel very proud that they have helped to bring to justice a man who has been a sexual predator and a risk to young boys for more than three decades.”

One of the victims said, "The life of a child is supposed to be a time of fun, adventure, learning and being carefree. Teachers including Mr Singer tainted my childhood which has affected my life over the past 35 years. Mr Singer’s selfish and self-indulgent actions have made me question everything in the years since he abused my trust.

"Only now after 35 years since this abuse happened to me do I feel the weight lifted from my shoulders and able to move on with my life without having to look over my shoulder or be judged over something that was out of my control.”

Another victim said, "I was 11 when I first arrived at St Georges. The school failed on every level to educate, care, nurture and more importantly to keep me safe.

"The regime was intimidating, frightening and cruel. This made me particularly vulnerable to any act of kindness shown to me by an adult. Gerard Singer took advantage of this and systematically showered me with gifts, and kindness in order to win my trust. Today it is called grooming.

"As a result of this he interfered with me sexually. I was one of the lucky ones. I found a way to extract myself from the difficult situation I found myself in.

"As I've got older I have revisited my St Georges days and spent time reflecting on what occurred there. I blamed my parents for a long time. This led to me having a very tenuous relationship with both my mother and father. I have repaired the relationship with my mother but unfortunately my Dad passed away before I was able to do the same with him.

"I wanted and have had my day in court and that has been a cathartic experience for me.”
