```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-08T21:08:16+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-06T18:58:39+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are now able to formally identify a man following the discovery of his body after a fire in Leiston.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Leiston update \u2013 identity of victim"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-08T21:08:16+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-02-2019/leiston-update-%E2%80%93-identity-victim
title: "Leiston update \u2013 identity of victim | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-02-2019/leiston-update-%E2%80%93-identity-victim
```

Police are now able to formally identify a man following the discovery of his body after a fire in Leiston.

Officers were called to the scene of a portable building on land adjoining Leiston Football Club in Victory Road at 3.37pm on Wednesday 6 February.

Enquiries have established the identity of the deceased to be a 20 year old male called Leon Clark who went missing on Monday evening (4 February) and who was reported as missing to police on Thursday evening (7 February)

Next of kin have been informed.

The fire took place at the location on Tuesday 5 February at around 3.30am. A police scene on the location has now been lifted.

Police enquiries so far indicate that there are no suspicious circumstances.

Enquiries continue and a file will be prepared for the coroner.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area during the last two weeks, or has knowledge of the incident is asked to contact police on 101 quoting CAD 246 of 6 February.

## Previous release I 7 February 2019 16:24

Police are continuing with their investigations following the discovery of a body after a fire in Leiston.

Officers were called to the scene of a portable building on land adjoining Leiston Football Club in Victory Road at 3.37pm yesterday, Wednesday 6 February.

Detectives can now confirm that the fire took place at this location on Tuesday 5 February at around 3.30am.

A police scene remains in place in Victory Road while Crime Scene Investigators (CSI), detectives and fire investigators carry out their enquiries.

A Home Office post mortem examination is due to take place tomorrow, Friday 8 February.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area during the last two weeks, or has knowledge of the incident is asked to contact police on 101 quoting CAD 246 of 6 February.

## Previous release | 7 February 2019

Police investigating after an incident in Leiston confirm that, what are thought to be human remains, have been discovered at the scene.

Officers were called to the remains of a portable building on land adjoining Leiston Football Club in Victory Road at 3.37pm yesterday, Wednesday 6 February.

It is understood that a fire took place at this location during the early hours of yesterday morning.

A police scene remains in place in Victory Road while investigations into the circumstances of what has happened to continue.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area overnight on Tuesday into Wednesday morning, or has knowledge of the incident is asked to contact police on 101 quoting CAD 246 of 6 February.

## Previous release | 6 February 2019

Police are currently at Victory Road in Leiston.

Officers were called to the remains of a portable building on land adjoining Leiston Football Club in Victory Road at 3.37pm today, Wednesday 6 February.

It is believed a fire took place during the early hours of this morning.

A cordon has been put in place in Victory Road while investigations take place. The scene is likely to remain throughout the night and into tomorrow.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the area overnight or has knowledge of the incident is asked to contact police on 101 quoting CAD 246 of today, 6 February.
