```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-29T12:23:28+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-28T20:24:45+01:00'
og:
  description: A police officer injured following a road traffic collision in Aldeburgh has now been discharged from hospital, as two people arrested in connection with the incident have been released under investigation.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Aldeburgh - Update on police officer injured in road traffic collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-29T12:23:28+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2018/aldeburgh-update-police-officer-injured-road-traffic-collision
title: Aldeburgh - Update on police officer injured in road traffic collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2018/aldeburgh-update-police-officer-injured-road-traffic-collision
```

A police officer injured following a road traffic collision in Aldeburgh has now been discharged from hospital, as two people arrested in connection with the incident have been released under investigation.

The collision occurred at around 4pm yesterday afternoon, Monday 28 May, in High Street.

A police officer had cause to request three motorcyclists to stop, two of which failed to do so, and the officer was subsequently inured in a collision with one of them.

The officer was taken to the James Paget Hospital having sustained what was initially feared to have been a serious leg injury. However, tests have now confirmed that it is not broken but is very badly bruised and swollen with suspected ligament damage.

He has now left hospital to continue his recovery at home and would like to pass on his thanks to all the members of the public who stopped to assist him.

Two people were subsequently arrested in connection with this incident following a search of the local area. Their details are as follows:

 * An 18-year-old man from Beccles arrested on suspicion of: causing grievous bodily harm; dangerous driving; drug-driving; failing to stop for police; driving without insurance; driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence; no MOT; and possession of a Class B or C drug

 * A 19-year-old man from Beccles, arrested on suspicion of: dangerous driving; drug-driving; failing to stop for police; and possession of a Class B or C drug

Both men were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and have been released under investigation pending further enquires.

Any witnesses to this incident are asked to contact the PHQ Roads Policing Team on 101 quoting reference 29172/18.

## Previous release | 28 May 2018

A police officer has been injured following a road traffic collision in Aldeburgh today, Monday 28 May.

The incident took place at around 4pm in High Street when the on-duty officer attempted to stop three motorcyclists.

Two riders failed to stop and an extensive search took place to find the suspects. Two people aged 18 and 19 were subsequently arrested for dangerous driving.

The police officer was taken to James Paget Hospital. The injuries, to his leg, are described as potentially serious but not life-threatening.

Police would like to thank members of the public who came to the police officer’s assistance today.

Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 280 of Monday 28 May.
