```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:56:37+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:50:44+01:00'
og:
  description: A 12-year-old boy arrested in connection with the robbery of a man in his 60s in the Ranelagh Road area of Ipswich on Tuesday has been bailed to return to police later this month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/flashinglights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: 12-year-old bailed and second boy arrested following robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:56:37+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-year-old-arrested-robbery-ipswich
title: 12-year-old bailed and second boy arrested following robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-year-old-arrested-robbery-ipswich
```

A 12-year-old boy arrested in connection with the robbery of a man in his 60s in the Ranelagh Road area of Ipswich on Tuesday has been bailed to return to police later this month.

The 12-year-old, from Ipswich, was arrested on Wednesday night, 3 August, in connection with another robbery in Museum Street yesterday where a woman in her 40s had her phone snatched.

He was also arrested on suspicion of the Ranelagh Road robbery that happened around 5.55pm on Tuesday, 2 August, where the man in his 60s was approached and surrounded by a group of boys who stole his phone.

Yesterday afternoon, Thursday 4, a second boy – a 16-year-old from Ipswich – was also arrested on suspicion of the Ranelagh Road robbery.

Both boys were questioned about the incident and have now been bailed to return to police on August 25, while further enquiries are made.

Police are continuing to ask anyone who may have seen the incident to come forward. Anyone with information should call Ipswich CID by dialling Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting crime number 48067/16.

## 12-year-old arrested for robbery in Ipswich

A 12-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the robbery of a man in his 60s in Ranelagh Road in Ipswich on Tuesday.

The 12-year-old, from the town, was arrested last night, Wednesday 3 August, in connection with another robbery in Museum Street yesterday where a woman in her 40s had her phone snatched.

He has also been arrested on suspicion of the robbery in Ranelagh Road around 5.55pm on Tuesday, 2 August, where the man in his 60s was approached and surrounded by a group of boys who stole his phone.

Police are continuing to ask anyone who may have seen the incident to come forward. Anyone with information should call Ipswich CID by dialling Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting crime number 48067/16.
