```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-29T18:17:13+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-29T14:22:13+01:00'
og:
  description: "The 2018 Suffolk Show gets underway tomorrow (Wed 30 May) and police are reminding drivers that they may need to allow extra time for their journey.\_The show takes place this year on Wednesday 30 May and Thursday 31 May at Trinity Park and police are urging motorists to be prepared for a few delays if they are driving in the area."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Be prepared for delays as Suffolk Show gets underway
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-29T18:17:13+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-05-2018/be-prepared-delays-suffolk-show-gets-underway
title: Be prepared for delays as Suffolk Show gets underway | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-05-2018/be-prepared-delays-suffolk-show-gets-underway
```

The 2018 Suffolk Show gets underway tomorrow (Wed 30 May) and police are reminding drivers that they may need to allow extra time for their journey.

The show takes place this year on Wednesday 30 May and Thursday 31 May at Trinity Park and police are urging motorists to be prepared for a few delays if they are driving in the area.

Thousands of visitors are expected to attend the two-day event and, as there may be some disruption, police are asking drivers to think ahead and either leave more time for their journey at peak times or, if appropriate, to find an alternative route.

Alongside the regular road measures put in place for the two days of the show, as detailed below, new arrangements are being put in place on the show site designed to improve traffic flow into parking areas, to further lessen delays, however unexpected collisions or incidents may slow things down.

The sheer volume of traffic heading to the site means there may be some hold-ups, particularly near the A12/ A14 Seven Hills junction.

Regardless of whether you’re heading to the Show or not officers are urging you to follow signing and arrangements in place to ensure things run as smoothly as possible.

Drivers approaching the Show along the A12 from Woodbridge will be directed along the Bucklesham village route, while those approaching from the west along the A14 are asked to use lane one after the Orwell Bridge to minimise the disruption for vehicles travelling to Felixstowe, and to then come off at the Seven Hills A14/ A12 roundabout, use both lanes on the slip road off the A14 and then utilise two lanes around the roundabout itself towards the showground.

Traffic from Ipswich should make use of arrangements along Bucklesham Road to access Gate 4, while those approaching from Felixstowe should follow signing off the A14 prior to the Seven Hills junction. Drivers are being asked to follow these routes in reverse when leaving the showground, with two lanes of traffic flowing from Gate 10 back to the Seven Hills interchange.

Police will be on hand to respond to reports of collisions or specific delays and will also be on patrol within the showground.

Officers are also encouraging visitors to the Show to come along to say hello to some of the policing teams who will be on the site during the event, and to remember to take basic crime reduction measures to protect your belongings.

The Constabulary will have a marquee, which will give you the opportunity to come along and talk to the team, as well as involvement in other road safety stands. The displays will include crime prevention advice, particularly around rural crime; the Suffolk Special Constabulary and volunteering; roads policing and Bike Safe; and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner.

Officers will also be on patrol on the site, as they are each year, however police are advising all those heading to the Show to be security conscious.

Please remember to lock your vehicle and remove any valuables before leaving your car unattended and please be aware of your surroundings while you’re out enjoying all the Show has to offer.
