```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-03T12:55:32+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-09T11:56:12+00:00'
og:
  description: A 25-year-old woman has been jailed following the attempted robbery of an elderly woman in Newmarket.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/louise_keddy.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Woman jailed after attempted robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-03T12:55:32+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/woman-jailed-after-attempted-robbery
title: Woman jailed after attempted robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/woman-jailed-after-attempted-robbery
```

A 25-year-old woman has been jailed following the attempted robbery of an elderly woman in Newmarket.

Louise Keddy, of Exning Road, Newmarket, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday 2 May, where she was sentenced to 33 months’ imprisonment and ordered to pay a £170 victim surcharge.

Keddy had previously pleaded guilty to attempting to rob a 77-year-old woman and also to common assault against another woman who intervened during the incident.

The offence took place at around 7.10pm on Wednesday 8 March, in Exeter Road. The 77-year-old victim was walking along the road when Keddy approached her from behind, grabbed the back of her neck and pushed her forward, causing the victim to fall to her knees in a driveway.

The victim clutched onto her handbag as Keddy continued to push her head forward towards the floor, hitting the back of her head and making threats to her whilst trying to grab her handbag.

At this point a 20-year-old woman came to the victim’s aid after hearing her calls for help and grabbed hold of Keddy, pulling her away from the victim. Keddy & the 20-year-old both fell to the floor and Keddy then began to pull the woman’s hair.

The 77-year-old woman flagged down a passing van and the male driver, assisted by another man, managed to release the 20-year-old’s hair from Keddy’s grip and detained her until the police arrived.

The victim of the attempted robbery suffered some minor cuts and bruising as a result of this incident and was taken to hospital for treatment.

> **Acting Detective Inspector Craig Brett, of Bury St Edmunds CID, said:** “This was a despicable attack committed by a 25-year-old woman against another woman more than 50 years older than her.
>
> “Louise Keddy clearly believed she had a chanced upon a soft target, but did not count on the resilience of the victim to hold onto her handbag, or the bravery of the 20-year-old woman who came to her assistance and was herself assaulted as a consequence.
>
> “I would like to commend all the members of the public who intervened during this crime, with the actions of all preventing either of the victims from potentially suffering more serious injuries, and in turn allow an incident instigated by a coward to be resolved by people with the courage to challenge her.”

## Previous release | 9 March 2017

A 25-year-old woman has been arrested following the attempted robbery of an elderly woman in Newmarket.

The incident took place at around 7.10pm yesterday evening, Wednesday 8 March, in Exeter Road.

The 77-year-old victim was walking along the road when she was grabbed by another woman and knocked the floor, near to the junction with Rayes Lane.

The suspect then began to try and steal the victim’s bag before a number of passers-by intervened and came to her aid, detaining the suspect until police arrived.

The victim suffered some minor cuts and bruising as a result of this incident and was taken to hospital for treatment.

A 25-year-old woman from Newmarket was subsequently arrested on suspicion of robbery and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre, where she remains for questioning.

Police would like to thank the members of the public who assisted with this incident and ask that any witnesses, who have not already been spoken to by officers, contact Bury St Edmunds CID on **101** quoting reference 21804/17.

## Previous release | 10 March 2017

A 25-year-old woman is due to appear in court today charged in connection with the attempted robbery of an elderly woman in Newmarket.

The incident took place in Exeter Road, at around 7.10pm on Wednesday 8 March.

It was reported that the 77-year-old victim was walking along the road when she was grabbed by another woman and knocked the floor, near to the junction with Rayes Lane.

The suspect then began to try and steal the victim’s bag before a number of passers-by intervened and came to her aid, detaining the suspect until police arrived.

Louise Keddy of Exning Road, Newmarket, was subsequently arrested and charged with attempted robbery and is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates' Court today, Friday 10 March.

The victim suffered some minor cuts and bruising and was taken to hospital for treatment. Police would like to thank the members of the public who assisted with this incident.
