```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-21T11:47:32+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-20T08:37:07+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses and dash cam footage, following a fatal road traffic collision in Long Melford at the weekend.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Long Melford \u2013 Fatal collision update"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-07-21T11:47:32+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/long-melford-fatal-collision-update
title: "Long Melford \u2013 Fatal collision update | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/long-melford-fatal-collision-update
```

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses and dash cam footage, following a fatal road traffic collision in Long Melford at the weekend.

Officers were called at 8.45pm on Sunday 19 July, to reports of a single-vehicle collision on the A134.

A red Superformance Shelby Daytona Coupe replica sports car, left the road and collided with some trees.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance and one of the vehicle’s occupants – a woman aged in her 40s – sadly died at the scene.

The second occupant – a man – was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital where he currently remains for treatment, with his condition now described as stable.

The road was closed whilst a collision investigation took place, reopening at around 6am the following morning (Monday 20 July).

Officers would like to hear from any witnesses, including anyone who may have seen a sports car matching the above description driving the in the area on Sunday evening, or anyone driving along the A134 prior to the collision with a dash cam in their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit, either by emailing [email protected] or by calling 101, quoting reference CAD 410 of 19 July.

## Previous release | 20 July 2020

A woman has died following a road traffic collision in Long Melford.

Police were called at 8.45pm yesterday evening, Sunday 19 July, to reports of a single-vehicle collision on the A134.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance and one of the vehicle’s occupants – a woman aged in her 40s – sadly died at the scene.

The second occupant – a man – was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, having sustained serious injuries.

The road was closed whilst a collision investigation took place, reopening at around 6am this morning, Monday 20 July.

Any witnesses, or anyone driving along the road immediately prior to the collision with a dashcam in their vehicle, are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 101, quoting reference CAD 410 of 19 July.
