```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-27T13:55:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-27T13:55:36+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Mildenhall.The incident occurred at some point between 2.15pm and 10pm on Saturday 22 December, at a property in Peterhouse Close.Offender/s forced entry by smashing a glass pane in a door and once inside, an untidy search was carried out. An amount of cash and various items of gold jewellery were stolen.Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity or has any information about this incident should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting crime reference 37/73928/18.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Mildenhall \u2013 Burglary appeal"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-27T13:55:36+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-12-2018/mildenhall-%E2%80%93-burglary-appeal
title: "Mildenhall \u2013 Burglary appeal | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-12-2018/mildenhall-%E2%80%93-burglary-appeal
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Mildenhall.

The incident occurred at some point between 2.15pm and 10pm on Saturday 22 December, at a property in Peterhouse Close.

Offender/s forced entry by smashing a glass pane in a door and once inside, an untidy search was carried out. An amount of cash and various items of gold jewellery were stolen.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity or has any information about this incident should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting crime reference 37/73928/18.

Detectives would also like to speak to two males who were heard near the rear of the property between 7pm and 8pm as they may be able to help with the investigation.

Alternatively, call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

Dark evenings can provide the perfect cover for burglars but by carrying out a few simple crime prevention steps, householders and motorists can thwart opportunist criminals.

For more crime prevention advice, visit:
https://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

LOCK

• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

LIGHT

• Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
•You could also consider installing a doorbell camera in order to potentially film an opportunist burglar in action.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

HIDE

• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.
