```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-11T10:50:20+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-11T10:50:20+01:00'
og:
  description: Officers are appealing for witnesses following two robberies that took place in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two robberies in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-11T10:50:20+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-robberies-ipswich
title: Two robberies in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-robberies-ipswich
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses following two robberies that took place in Ipswich.

The first robbery took place on Friday 7 October sometime between 9.50pm and 10.15pm. A man in his late teens was walking on Helena Road near to the junction with Ship Launch Road was approached by two men who demanded his mobile phone. One of the men then assaulted the victim by punching him in the face. The victim fought back but was assaulted by the second suspect.

A third suspect then hit the back of the victim’s head with a blunt object which resulted in him falling to the floor. The victim then reported that he was kicked in the body and head which caused him to lose consciousness for a brief period. The victim’s bag and a quantity of cash were stolen and his phone was smashed and the battery and SIM card were removed.

The victim attended Ipswich hospital for treatment but has now been released.

The first two suspects are described as men who were wearing black clothes, gloves and balaclavas.

The second robbery took place on Saturday 8 October around 9.35 pm near to Austin Street, Ipswich. A man walking in an alleyway that leads into the area of Pauline Street reported being grabbed from behind by one man whilst another man stole his wallet containing cash and bank cards etc. It is thought that the suspects then ran off in the direction of Wherstead Road. The victim was uninjured.

Earlier in the evening the victim was sitting on a bench in the same area when he was approached by two men who verbally abused him and asked for cash. The men are reported to have spoken with foreign accents. Police are looking to see if these men may be the same as those who later robbed him.

It is not thought that these two robberies are connected.

Witnesses or anybody who has information relating to either robbery are asked to call Suffolk Police on **101** reference 59702/16 Helena Road or Austin Street reference 59866/16. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555.
