```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-04T16:03:58+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-24T14:48:47+01:00'
og:
  description: Three men arrested after a man was stabbed in Haverhill on Saturday 23 June have now been released on bail.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Haverhill stabbing update - Three men bailed
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-04T16:03:58+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-06-2018/haverhill-stabbing-update-three-men-bailed
title: Haverhill stabbing update - Three men bailed | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-06-2018/haverhill-stabbing-update-three-men-bailed
```

Three men arrested after a man was stabbed in Haverhill on Saturday 23 June have now been released on bail.

Officers were called to the incident which took place at around 6.10pm in the car park near to the entrance to Haverhill Rugby club on School Lane in the town. The victim, a man in his 30s, was stabbed with a knife. He sustained a single stab wound to the chest which punctured his lung and damaged his heart. He has now been discharged from hospital.

On 27 June in the Notttinghamshire area three males in their 20’s were detained on suspicion of grievous bodily harm. All three men have since been bailed to return to police in late July whilst enquiries continue.

On 23 June an 18-year-old male and a teenage female, were arrested in connection with the offence. On 26th June a 43 year old female was also arrested in connection with the offence. All three have been released under investigation whilst police enquiries continue.

Witnesses or anybody with any information regarding the incident are asked to call police on 101, quoting reference 37/34609/18. Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 27 June 2018

Police have made a further three arrests after a man was stabbed in Haverhill on Saturday 23 June.

The arrests were made earlier this morning (Wednesday 27 June) in the Notttinghamshire area with a 25 year old man, and two 21 year old men all arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm. They remain in police custody for questioning.

Officers were called to the incident which took place at around 6.10pm in the car park near to the entrance to Haverhill Rugby club on School Lane in the town. The victim, a man in his 30s, was with a friend in a white Vauxhall Astra car. Both men got out of the vehicle in the car park and were approached by a group of five or six males. An altercation is then thought to have taken place and one of the males stabbed the victim with a knife. Both the victim and his friend then got back into the car and drove it a short distance down School Lane before calling emergency services.

The victim sustained a single stab wound to the chest which punctured his lung and damaged his heart. Following surgery the victim is now in a stable condition in hospital at this time.

Two people arrested on Sunday 24 June - an 18-year-old man from Haverhill arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and a teenage girl, also from Haverhill, arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, have now been released under investigation whilst police enquiries continue.

Witnesses or anybody with any information regarding the incident are asked to call police on 101, quoting reference 34609/18. Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release I 25 June 2018

Two people arrested by police after a man was stabbed in Haverhill on Saturday 23 June have been released under investigation.

Officers were called to the incident which took place at around 6.10pm in the car park near to the entrance to Haverhill Rugby club on School Lane in the town. The victim, a man in his 30s, was with a friend in a white Vauxhall Astra car. Both men got out of the vehicle in the car park and were approached by a group of five or six males. An altercation is then thought to have taken place and one of the males stabbed the victim with a knife. Both the victim and his friend then got back into the car and drove it a short distance down School Lane before calling emergency services.The victim was treated at the scene by East of England Ambulance Service paramedics and then taken to hospital for further treatment. He has sustained a single stab wound to the chest which has punctured his lung. The victim remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital at this time.

Police attended and a short time later arrested a 18-year-old man from Haverhill on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and a teenage girl, also from Haverhill, on suspicion of assisting an offender. Both have now been released under investigation whilst police enquiries continue.

Witnesses or anybody with any information regarding the incident are asked to call police on 101, quoting reference 34609/18. Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 24 June 2018

Police have arrested two people after a man was stabbed in Haverhill yesterday, Saturday 23 June.

Officers were called to the incident which took place at around 6.10pm in the car park near to the entrance to Haverhill Rugby club on School Lane in the town. The victim, a man in his 30s, was with a friend in a white Vauxhall Astra car. Both men got out of the vehicle in the car park and were approached by a group of five or six males. An altercation is then thought to have taken place and one of the males stabbed the victim with a knife. Both the victim and his friend then got back into the car and drove it a short distance down School Lane before calling emergency services.

The victim was treated at the scene by East of England Ambulance Service paramedics and then taken to hospital for further treatment. He has sustained a single stab wound to the chest which has punctured his lung. The victim remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital at this time.

Police attended and a short time later arrested a 18-year-old man from Haverhill on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and a teenage girl, also from Haverhill, on suspicion of assisting an offender. Both have been taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned by detectives.

A scene is currently in place in School Lane to allow a police investigation into the full circumstances of what has taken place,

Witnesses or anybody with any information regarding the incident are asked to call police on 101, quoting reference 34609/18. Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
