```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-11T12:56:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-11T12:56:24+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after three burglary incidents at a convenience shops in Stowmarket, Brantham and Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Convenience store burglary incidents - Stowmarket, Brantham &amp; Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-11T12:56:24+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2018/convenience-store-burglary-incidents-stowmarket-brantham-ipswich
title: Convenience store burglary incidents - Stowmarket, Brantham & Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2018/convenience-store-burglary-incidents-stowmarket-brantham-ipswich
```

Police are appealing for information after three burglary incidents at a convenience shops in Stowmarket, Brantham and Ipswich.

The first incident occurred at around 11.50pm last night, Monday 10 December, at the Co-op in Combs Lane, Stowmarket.

Two males got out of a silver-coloured car and one of them then kicked down the outer doors to the store, gaining entry to a foyer area. However, there are another set of doors beyond this and they did not manage to access the main store.

This was followed by another incident which took place at around 12.40am this morning, Tuesday 11 December, at the Co-op in Acacia Court, Brantham.

A silver-coloured vehicle was reversed into the front shutters of the building causing extensive damage. Two males then got out of the vehicle and attempted to gain entry to the shop, but were not successful.

The final offence occurred just before 1am this morning at McColls in Stoke Park Drive, Ipswich. A vehicle was driven through the front doors of the building causing significant damage to the building and a quantity of cigarettes were stolen from inside.

Two vehicles were later discovered which detectives believe may be linked to these incidents.

At around 6.50am a silver Volkswagen Passat was found in Downing Close, Ipswich with the engine still running, and around 30 minutes prior to this, at 6.20am, a blue Audi A3 was discovered in Birkfield Drive.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity at the locations of any of the burglary incidents, or in the roads where the cars were found.

Anyone with information is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House in Ipswich on 101 quoting one of the following reference numbers: 71460/18 (Stowmarket); 71464/18 (Brantham); or 71465/18 (Ipswich). Alternatively call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
