```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-11T10:49:07+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-17T13:24:48+01:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary has announced a restructure to move 100 police officers move into Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) that will be implemented at the end of October.The extra resource aims to ensure the constabulary has the ability to respond to the increasing demand it faces, and the public\u2019s desire for more visible policing.The changing nature of crime and its rise in certain areas means Suffolk\u2019s policing model needs to be as flexible, effective and efficient as possible for the communities it serves."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk Constabulary announces its blueprint for the future of community policing
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-11T10:49:07+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-07-2018/suffolk-constabulary-announces-its-blueprint-future-community-policing
title: Suffolk Constabulary announces its blueprint for the future of community policing | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-07-2018/suffolk-constabulary-announces-its-blueprint-future-community-policing
```

Suffolk Constabulary has announced a restructure to move 100 police officers move into Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) that will be implemented at the end of October.

The extra resource aims to ensure the constabulary has the ability to respond to the increasing demand it faces, and the public’s desire for more visible policing.

The changing nature of crime and its rise in certain areas means Suffolk’s policing model needs to be as flexible, effective and efficient as possible for the communities it serves.

To reflect this, the force is looking to move 97 police constables and seven sergeants into its SNTs. This would mean there would be 159 PCs and 26 sergeants in its SNTs.

We intend to do so by restructuring the way we work and looking at the best use of our resources.

To achieve this, and remain within the challenging financial landscape the constabulary has to operate in, it is proposing to reduce the number of police community support officers from the current 81 full-time equivalent (FTE) posts to 48 FTEs.

The budgeted number of posts is 107, although PCSO vacancies have remained unfilled since 2017 to keep those put at risk of redundancy to a minimum.

The transition would strengthen the resilience of the force’s policing of community issues and ensure the right resources are in the right place at the right time.

The purpose of the proposed changes is to provide a proactive policing resource that puts visibility and accessibility at its forefront.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "Local policing is the bedrock of our service. A major part of the evolution of our policing model is listening to the public and responding to what they tell us, and we appreciate their primary desire is to see as many officers on the frontline as possible.

"What we have also had to do is to look at our increasing demand and adapt the way we work to ensure we provide a service which is fit for Suffolk’s future needs.

"Moving more than 100 officers will allow us to be more effective in meeting the challenges we are facing.

"We have had to make some difficult decisions about the composition of our future workforce and the blend of skills and abilities we will require.

"However, we acknowledge the value of PCSOs and are still committed to them continuing to play a key role within communities. Although the balance of our workforce will need to change, PCSOs remain an important part in the provision of a high-quality police service in Suffolk.”

Consultation of this proposal begins on 17 July and will end no sooner than 30th August. Final decisions following this process will be made during September with the aim of implementing the agreed changes by 29th October 2018.

Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said: "As I meet people across the county, one thing is clear; residents want as many officers as possible on the front-line. I’m pleased to say we have listened.

"These proposals could see an extra 104 police officers moving into the Safer Neighbourhood Teams from October this year.

"In order to do this some police roles have been civilianised, officers have been moved from central to local teams and regrettably the number of PCSOs will reduce, but the outcome will be more officers will be available for local policing and that’s great news for Suffolk.”

Mr Passmore added: "The Chief Constable needs to continually review his plans to ensure they are keeping pace with the pressure the Constabulary faces and that is why we’re introducing some significant changes to the current policing model.

"I fully endorse these changes, which I am pleased to say increases the number of front-line local police officers and as Police and Crime Commissioner, I will be monitoring the impact of this new model to ensure the people of Suffolk are getting the police service they deserve.”

 **Summary:**
Suffolk Constabulary is looking to increase the number of police constables in its Safer Neighbourhood Teams to 159 – an increase of 97 PCs compared to the current structure which has 62. There will also be an extra seven sergeants put into SNTs.

This would be part of a transition which would see 81 full-time equivalent Police Community Support Officer posts being put at risk of redundancy as we seek to reduce the number to 48 FTEs.

Although the current number of PCSOs is 81 FTEs the budgeted number is 107. However, to keep the number of PCSOs at risk of redundancy to a minimum, posts which have become vacant since 2017 have not been filled.

27 PCSOs will work in a new link officer role – they will work with partner agencies in problem-solving initiatives.

Three schools’ PCSOs will remain, as we are aiming to provide 18 match-funded and full-funded PCSOs (match funded allows an organisation or business association to split the cost of a PCSO with the constabulary.

The remaining police officers being moved to SNTs will come from a restructuring in other areas.

The increase of 97 PCs and seven sergeants will allow for better flexibility of workforce and increased capability to deal with peaks in demand (i.e. major incidents, events terrorism)

Police officers have warranted powers/ability to investigate crime/deal with disorder

There will be improvements to investigative structure with more localised investigation

Safer Neighbourhood Teams work closely with partner agencies to address the issues identified as priorities by the local community. The number of SNTs will remain the same at 18.

Three Neighbourhood Partnership Teams will conduct preventative work and forge close links with partners by being locally-focussed.

A Serious Crime Disruption team will widen its focus to address high threat and harm issues including sexual violence, exploitation and the supply of controlled drugs.

## Why do we need to change?

Demand on the service has continually increased in certain areas in the last two years. We can no longer sustain our current model if we are to provide the service required by communities in Suffolk. The swiftly-changing nature of crime and an increase in demand means we must adapt how we work. We also have to acknowledge the increasing pressures on frontline police officers and provide additional resource to counter these.

## What is the benefit to the public?

Suffolk Safer Neighbourhood Teams will be increased by more than 100 police officers from its current number of 62 police constables to 159. There will also be an additional seven sergeants put into SNTs.

This will enable a more efficient, flexible, effective service and also seeks to address concerns the public may have over visibility and accessibility.

## Why are you losing PCSOs who play such an important part in local policing?

Suffolk, like other police forces, has to work within challenging financial constraints. We understand the benefits of having PCSOs in local policing and have tried to ensure we retain as many as we can. However, due to the changing demands on the service we also need to find a way to employ additional police officers with warranted powers. Therefore difficult decisions have had to be made in order to adapt in the way we need to for the future.

## How many people are at risk – will they be leaving the force?

These proposals will put 81 full-time equivalent members of staff (all PCSOs) at risk of redundancy. We hope to keep as many members of our staff as possible in the force as we look to reduce the number to 48 FTEs. Affected staff will have the opportunity to apply for one of the new police constable roles and there will also be opportunities to work as call handlers in the CCR, as well as detention officers in the police investigation centres, along with a limited number of other vacancies for various roles across the force. The force wants to retain the skills already within the organisation and we will look at redeployment as the best option for those that are not able to take up a PCSO role.

## When will these proposals be introduced?

Consultation of this proposal begins on 17 July and ends on 31 August. Final decisions following this process will be made during September and this will mean any changes will be implemented on 29 October 2018.

## Why have you decided to keep nearly 50 PCSOs instead of funding more PCs?

We recognise there is still an important role for PCSOs to play across Suffolk working with partners, concentrating on problem-solving and intervention on issues such as mental health, young persons and anti-social behaviour. We appreciate that we need to provide a balance in the service we give to communities and residents of Suffolk.

This balance includes recognising our demand profile is changing and increasing. The proposals also acknowledge the challenges being faced from ‘county line’ drug dealing, youth gang violence and ‘hidden harm’ crimes such as domestic abuse. This is where the training, capability and powers of a police constable will be more effective in meeting these challenges.

## Are you concerned that ASB will rise as a result of 33 FTE support officer posts being removed and who will deal with ‘quality of life’ issues and intelligence that you receive?

The force has to prioritise where the high risk and harm issues exist and need addressing and where investment is most needed, but the Safer Neighbourhood Teams will be able to meet the demands of local communities and priorities.

Focusing on intervention and problem solving, 27 PCSOs will work in support of Safer Neighbourhood Teams in a new link officer role. Within this position they will focus on issues such as mental health, young persons and anti-social behaviour. Their work will be focused on working with partner agencies in problem solving initiatives. They will work with nine link officer police constables to ensure the force has the ability to use warranted powers. There will also be three schools’ PCSOs and 18 match and fully-funded PCSOs who will continue to work within those communities.

## What support will affected staff receive?

For people affected by the proposals they will be able receive support from HR and/or Unison if they are a member through one-to-one meetings. Professional support is also available through the force’s Employee Assistance and Wellbeing services. Unison will remain engaged with the force during the consultation period.

## Will Special Constables and volunteers be used more for what PCSOs were doing?

Our Specials and police volunteers are a valuable part of the policing ‘family’ in Suffolk and we recognise the tremendous contribution they make. Encouraging the public to report concerns about what they see or hear has always been an essential part of community policing. It’s important to stress the volunteers are not and will not be involved in any official tasking or deployments – they are eyes and ears of their local community to report any unusual activity to uniformed officers who will then take the appropriate action. They are not replacing roles that are lost.

## Is this the beginning of the end for PCSOs in Suffolk?

The constabulary has no plans to further reduce the number of PCSOs. As we have said we recognise they play an important part in community policing which is why we have been keen to ensure as many of these posts remain.

The current financial challenges we face mean we do have to make difficult decisions based on the balance of our policing resource in response to the public’s needs and this is likely to continue in the future. These are often fine judgements but it is important Suffolk Constabulary continues to recognise, and respond to, the demands placed upon it to ensure we give the county the highest quality of service we can provide.
