```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-29T16:23:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-29T16:22:37+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and urging motorists to be vigilant after a number of power tools were stolen from vans in Felixstowe, Trimley St Mary and Martlesham over the past few days.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Power tools stolen from vans in Felixstowe, Trimley St Mary and Martlesham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-29T16:23:12+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-11-2018/power-tools-stolen-vans-felixstowe-trimley-st-mary-and-martlesham
title: Power tools stolen from vans in Felixstowe, Trimley St Mary and Martlesham | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-11-2018/power-tools-stolen-vans-felixstowe-trimley-st-mary-and-martlesham
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging motorists to be vigilant after a number of power tools were stolen from vans in Felixstowe, Trimley St Mary and Martlesham over the past few days.

Vans were targeted between 4pm on Tuesday 27 November and 8am, yesterday, Wednesday 28 November in Felixstowe and Trimley St Mary. Power tools were also stolen at some point between 12.30am and 7.30am this morning, Thursday 29 November in Martlesham.

Details of the incidents are as follows:

• Fairfield Avenue, Felixstowe – A window of a Ford Transit van was smashed. Nothing was stolen from within.

• Langer Road, Felixstowe – Offender/s forced entry into a Mercedes Sprinter van by unknown means. Various power tools were removed but some were subsequently found nearby.

• Fen Meadow, Trimley St Mary – Offender/s forced entry into a Mercedes Sprinter van by unknown means and stole several power tools from within.

• Cliff Road, Felixstowe – Offender/s forced entry into a Vauxhall Combo van by forcing the back door handle and a number of power tools were stolen from within.

• Western Avenue, Felixstowe – Offender/s forced the lock on the rear door of Mercedes Sprinter van and stole a number of tools from within.

• Landguard Road, Felixstowe – Offender/s forced entry into a Peugeot Partner van by breaking a door lock and a number of tools were stolen from within.

• Glenfield Avenue, Felixstowe – At some point overnight, offender/s forced entry into a Ford Transit van and stole a number of tools from within.

• Angela Close, Martlesham – An offender forced entry by damaging a door lock of a Vauxhall Combo van. Numerous tools were stolen from within including, various Makita tools, an impact driver, compact drill, multi tool, circular saw, six amps and a charger, among other tools and items. (CAD 53 of today).

If you have any information regarding any of the incidents, saw anything during the times and dates stated or are offered any of tools in suspicious circumstances for sale, contact police on 101 quoting the crime reference number 37/68822/18 or CAD 53 of today (Martlesham) or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Police are also urging motorists to make sure their vans are locked and all valuables are removed, no matter whether the vehicle is parked on or off-road. Thieves will enter private properties, public car parks and garages to look for insecure vehicles and tools.

Van owners are also advised to register their tools for free at www.immobilise.com by taking note of the serial numbers and models, and to use ultraviolet pen to (invisibly) mark their property, which increases the chances of having them returned to the owner in the event of property being lost or stolen.

Van drivers should also consider the following measures to reduce the risk of being a victim of crime:

• Always lock all doors and shut windows, physically checking van doors are locked.
• Park in a garage or secure area where possible.
• Park with the doors against a wall.
• If you park on your driveway, consider installing motion activated CCTV.
• Be particularly aware when unloading.
• Remove tools from the van if possible.
• To increase the security of tools, you can bolt either a cage or box to the base of the van which should be secured with a sturdy close shackle padlock to reduce and deter further incidents.
• Setting an alarm or immobiliser will make it more difficult for the offender.
• Consider upgrading locks/fitting additional protection.
• Information on police approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
