```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-25T17:46:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-18T13:46:44+00:00'
og:
  description: A 36-year-old man has been released on police bail in connection with an attack that took place in Ipswich last weekend.A 19-year-old victim was out running alone in a wooded area near to the Kelvedon Drive area of Ipswich on Saturday 17 February at about 9.15pm when he was approached by an unknown man.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer_on_radio.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man released on bail in connection with Ipswich attack
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-25T17:46:42+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-02-2018/man-released-bail-connection-ipswich-attack
title: Man released on bail in connection with Ipswich attack | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-02-2018/man-released-bail-connection-ipswich-attack
```

A 36-year-old man has been released on police bail in connection with an attack that took place in Ipswich last weekend.

A 19-year-old victim was out running alone in a wooded area near to the Kelvedon Drive area of Ipswich on Saturday 17 February at about 9.15pm when he was approached by an unknown man.

He was assaulted and sustained injuries to his stomach, hand and elbow. He went to Ipswich hospital for treatment and was released from hospital later the same evening.

The 36-year-old man arrested on suspicion of GBH on 23 February in connection with the incident has been questioned by detectives and released on police bail, to report to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre on 21 March.

Police would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the incident on Saturday 17 February. Anyone with any information should contact Ipswich CID on 101, quoting crime reference number 37/9321/18 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Man arrested in connection with attack | 23 February 2018

Police have arrested a man in connection with an attack that took place in Ipswich last weekend.

A 19 year old victim was out running alone in an wooded area near to the Kelvedon Drive area of Ipswich on Saturday 17 February at about 9.15pm when he was approached by an unknown man.

He was assaulted and sustained injuries to his stomach, hand and elbow. He went to Ipswich hospital for treatment before being released from hospital later the same evening. A 36 year old man was arrested on suspicion of GBH earlier this morning (23 February) in connection with the incident. He has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Police are still keen to hear from any witnesses. They should contact Ipswich CID on 101, quoting crime reference number 37/9321/18 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Witness appeal after man attacked in Ipswich I 17 February 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man was attacked in Ipswich.

The incident took place yesterday evening (Saturday 17 February) at about 9.15pm.

The 19 year old victim was out running alone in an wooded area near to the Kelvedon Drive area of Ipswich when he was approached by an unknown man. The offender then assaulted him with what is described as a sharp weapon, causing a cut across his stomach. The victim, in an attempt to defend himself, received cuts to his hand and elbow. He went to Ipswich hospital for treatment before being released from hospital later in the evening.

The description of the offender is currently limited, only that he was wearing dark clothing.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, saw any suspicious behaviour or has knowledge of the incident should contact Ipswich CID on 101, quoting crime reference number 37/9321/18 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
