```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-18T16:24:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-18T16:23:35+01:00'
og:
  description: "The latest crime figures for Suffolk, released today (Thur 18\_ October) by the Office of National Statistics, show that Suffolk is in the top 15 forces for the lowest crime rates.Suffolk recorded 69.9 crimes per 1,000 population making the county the 15th lowest out of 43 forces. It compares to a national average of 84.7 crimes per 1,000 population.The figures show offences have risen in Suffolk by 9% year on year compared to the previous 12 months. This compares to a national rise of 10.3%."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk in top 15 forces for the lowest crime rates
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-18T16:24:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-10-2018/suffolk-top-15-forces-lowest-crime-rates
title: Suffolk in top 15 forces for the lowest crime rates | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-10-2018/suffolk-top-15-forces-lowest-crime-rates
```

The latest crime figures for Suffolk, released today (Thur 18 October) by the Office of National Statistics, show that Suffolk is in the top 15 forces for the lowest crime rates.

Suffolk recorded 69.9 crimes per 1,000 population making the county the 15th lowest out of 43 forces. It compares to a national average of 84.7 crimes per 1,000 population.

The figures show offences have risen in Suffolk by 9% year on year compared to the previous 12 months. This compares to a national rise of 10.3%.

The figures cover the year 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 with 52,924 recorded crimes in the county (excluding fraud) compared to the previous 12 months when there were 48,538 recorded crimes in Suffolk.

Suffolk Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton said:

"These latest figures, in general, reflect the national trend of increases in various crime categories. We are constantly reviewing all crime being reported to us to ensure we deploy our resources effectively. To this end, we continue to scrutinise our figures for emerging crime trends and prioritise our resources to address incidents posing the greatest levels of threat and risk of harm.

"Consequently, we have made appropriate changes to our policing model to ensure we respond effectively to these demands and ensure we are as flexible, efficient and effective as possible.

"Our restructure to be introduced at the end of October will see more than 100 police officers move into Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs). These changes demonstrate our willingness to listen to the public’s desire for more visible policing and to have as many local officers as possible on the streets in our communities. We will continue to adapt and flex the way we work to ensure we provide a service which is fit for Suffolk’s future needs.

"Tackling crime is a collective effort if we are to prevent criminals causing harm to our communities. It’s easy to forget that the vast majority of our officers and staff are residents in the county so we all have a vested interest tackling crime. This combined contribution also extends to the support we receive from the public who report incidents and information to us, as well as our on-going dialogue and engagement with partner agencies. Our new Neighbourhood & Partnership Teams will help maintain the locally focused preventative work undertaken with these agencies.”

"We remain a determined to ensure we continue to do everything we can to protect the communities we serve, as well as those who are the most vulnerable in our society.”
