```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-16T12:29:58+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-12T11:22:32+00:00'
og:
  description: A 34-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed for over two years following an attempted armed robbery at a bakery in the town last month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jonathanbirdwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Man jailed for attempted robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-16T12:29:58+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-12-2018/ipswich-man-jailed-attempted-robbery
title: Ipswich - Man jailed for attempted robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-12-2018/ipswich-man-jailed-attempted-robbery
```

A 34-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed for over two years following an attempted armed robbery at a bakery in the town last month.

Jonathan Bird, of Waterford Road, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 9 January, where he pleaded guilty to attempted robbery and was sentenced to 28 months’ imprisonment.

The incident occurred at around 4.30pm on Tuesday 11 December at Greggs in Whitehouse Road.

Bird entered the store and walked straight to the till where he pulled out a knife from his pocket and demanded money from a female member of staff. She refused this demand and so Bird then attempted to reach over the counter.

The member of staff then alerted a colleague who called the police, at which point Bird left the building and was seen running up Whitehouse Road. Officers arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes and Bird was detained in Whitehouse Road around ten minutes after the incident occurred.

No one was harmed during the incident and Bird was not successful in stealing any money.

Detective Constable James Wilkinson, of South CID and who was the investigating officer, said: “The response of officers on the day of the incident ensured that Jonathan Bird was located and detained for this offence just ten minutes after it took place.

“The victim displayed great courage in refusing Bird’s demands – especially as he was holding a knife – and by calling for help immediately and providing police with his description, she was able to assist us to find him as quickly as we did.

“I am pleased with the sentence handed down to Jonathan Bird and hope it acts as a deterrent to others that would consider threatening people in their place of work, or indeed in any situation.”

## Previous release | 12 December 2018

Police have arrested and charged a man in connection with a robbery that took place in Ipswich.

At about 4.30pm yesterday (Tuesday 11 December) a male offender entered Greggs on Whitehouse Road, with a blade making demands for money from the single female member of staff. The member of staff has refused and ran to get manager from rear of the store. Upon her return the offender has left and taken nothing.

A short while later a man was arrested and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

34 year old Jonathan Bird of Waterford Road in Ipswich was subsequently charged with attempted robbery and is due to appear before Ipswich magistrates court today (Wednesday 12 December).
