```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-16T13:28:38+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-16T12:42:02+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police officers and staff were recognised for their good work and dedication at an awards ceremony held at Suffolk Police Headquarters in Martlesham on Wednesday evening (14 March).The ceremony saw long service medals, good conduct awards and Royal Humane Society awards, among others, handed out. Attendees included Sir Michael Bunbury, Bt, KCVO, Her Majesty\u2019s Deputy Lieutenant of Suffolk, and Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner.During the ceremony, staff and officers were given Long Service Awards, with recognition of service spanning nine, 20, 40 and 50 years."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officers_in_bury_with_public.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Winners announced at long service and good conduct awards
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-16T13:28:38+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-03-2018/winners-announced-long-service-and-good-conduct-awards
title: Winners announced at long service and good conduct awards | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-03-2018/winners-announced-long-service-and-good-conduct-awards
```

Police officers and staff were recognised for their good work and dedication at an awards ceremony held at Suffolk Police Headquarters in Martlesham on Wednesday evening (14 March).

The ceremony saw long service medals, good conduct awards and Royal Humane Society awards, among others, handed out. Attendees included Sir Michael Bunbury, Bt, KCVO, Her Majesty’s Deputy Lieutenant of Suffolk, and Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner.

During the ceremony, staff and officers were given Long Service Awards, with recognition of service spanning nine, 20, 40 and 50 years.

Chief Constable Wilson also handed out a Certificate of Appreciation. This award is presented to any person other than a police officer who is worthy of special recognition.

One of those receiving a Certificate of Appreciation was Bernadette Manners who was a drug intervention worker employed by the Turning Point Drug Treatment Recovery Service prior to her retirement in October last year. Bernadette worked to address addiction and substance misuse problems in Ipswich, moving individuals into treatment and away from offending behaviour.

The ceremony began with the presentation of Royal Humane Society Awards. These included a presentation to Constable Stephen Vaughan who was called to an incident on the seafront in Lowestoft, where a vulnerable female was found in the water. Stephen entered the water in order to bring her to safety. Stephen’s quick actions helped recover the female before specialist support arrived.

As part of the evening, a new award for long service in recognition of 50 years’ service was presented to Michael John Rainbird and Robin Soames.

Michael’s career journey began when he joined the Suffolk Police Cadets in 1966. Today, he is currently a member of the Joint Major Investigation Team employed as a Civilian Enquiry Officer.

The award was also presented to Rob Soames, who joined the police in February 1968 and retired in February 1998 upon completion of thirty years’ service.

Rob then began his role of Admin Assistant/Receptionist within Transport Services in 1998 on a six month temporary contract. He was re-appointed as a Vehicle Recovery Liaison Officer in 2000 and has now retired.

At the ceremony Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "Whether receiving an award for a specific matter as a regular Officer, Special Officer, or member of staff celebrating long service, together with members of the public, the night is a chance to come together with family, friends, and your policing family to be recognised for the very important role you have played in policing our communities.

"I would like to give my personal thanks to all the medal and award recipients present here today, for the valuable contribution that each and every one of you has made to the policing of this county.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore added after the ceremony: "It was a wonderful occasion and I send my congratulations to everyone who received an award.

"For me it is deeply humbling and gratifying there are so many people within the constabulary who do so much to keep us safe, above and beyond the call of duty.”

 **The full list of award winners is as follows:**

 **Royal Humane Society Awards**

Miles Sillett

Stephen Vaughan

 **The Queen’s Long Service and Good Conduct Medals: In recognition of 20 years’ service**

Rachael Adams

Debra Bates

Claire Connick

Daniel Connick

Lee Cudmore

Julian Ditcham

Jonathan Driver

Andrew Fossey

Matthew Gilbert

Ian Hawker

Mohammad Hussain

Geoffrey Lucas

Toni Manning

Louisa Masterson

Matthew Milton

Richard Gareth Morgan

Simon Mortimer

Leon Mower

Graham Newson

Murray Osman

Mark Pollikett

Ian Rowland

Elizabeth Seager

Richard Shepherd

Kim Shrubsall

Claire Simons

Lee Simons

Holly Stranks

Kim Warner

 **Special Constabulary Long Service and Good Conduct Medals: In recognition of nine years’ service**

David Cotterell

Alison Jeffries

Karl Murdoch

 **Police Staff Long Service Awards: In recognition of 20 years’ service**

Ruth Cude

Norman Drew

Fiona Harbron

Kerry Hurle

Alison Usher

Gary Frederick Wallace

George Waller

 **Long Service Award: In recognition of 40 years’ service to the Constabulary**

Mark Carpendale

 **Long Service Award: In recognition of 50 years’ service to the Constabulary**

Michael John Rainbird

Robin Soames

 **Chief Constable’s Certificate of Appreciation**

Bernadette Manners

**Judges’ Commendations**

Steve Clarke

Stuart Jeans

Karl Nightingale

Christopher Townrow

 **Certificate of Special Recognition**

Paul Goldsmith
