```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-12T16:26:17+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-12T16:26:17+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Lakenheath on Saturday afternoon, 9 September.At around 1.45pm an elderly resident in Quayside Court arrived home with her shopping and left her front door open while she went inside. A few minutes later she heard a knock on the front door and a smartly dressed female was there asking if the victim wanted any cleaning done to which the victim refused on numerous occasions.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/uniform.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Distraction burglary - Lakenheath
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-12T16:26:17+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/distraction-burglary-lakenheath
title: Distraction burglary - Lakenheath | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/distraction-burglary-lakenheath
```

Police are appealing for information following a distraction burglary in Lakenheath on Saturday afternoon, 9 September.

At around 1.45pm an elderly resident in Quayside Court arrived home with her shopping and left her front door open while she went inside. A few minutes later she heard a knock on the front door and a smartly dressed female was there asking if the victim wanted any cleaning done to which the victim refused on numerous occasions.

Shortly after, the female walked in to the property and into various rooms continuing to ask about cleaning. The victim followed her and the female then asked for a cup of tea. While the victim was in the kitchen, the female said she had to leave. After the she had gone, the elderly victim then realised that a gold & diamond ring in its box was missing. The ring, which is of great sentimental value, is described a gold band containing a single diamond with two gold hearts either side.

The female is described as white, in her late twenties or early thirties, around 5ft 4” tall, of a slim build with brown hair that was either short or was pulled back. She was wearing trousers and dark clothing and was carrying a fawn coloured handbag with orange squares on it.

If you saw this female in the area or have any information about who she is, please contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting crime reference 37/60088/17 or use the ‘report something’ link on the Suffolk Police webpage www.suffolk.police.uk.

Advice on how to deal with cold callers and how to keep yourself safe at home can also be found on the ‘advice’ pages on the Suffolk Police webpage http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

**How to deal with Cold Callers**

 * Always ask for identification from any unexpected callers and do not to let anyone in if you are not comfortable with whom they are and verify their identity with the company they work for.
 * Always use the chain and viewer on your door to see who is calling. Only open the door if you feel comfortable and always keep the chain on.
 * Councils and utilities companies will generally contact householders by telephone or letter if they plan to carry out repairs rather than make unsolicited calls.
 * If you have a back gate ensure that it is locked with a padlock. A slide bolt is not sufficient on its own.
 * Ensure that your doors are kept locked when you are in the house.
 * If you need carers or family to have access then consider fitting a key safe on the outside wall near to the front door.
 * If anyone calls claiming to be from the utility companies such as water, gas, electricity or the council do not let them in. Unless they can quote to you on the doorstep your personal account number which is found on your bills. If you are at all suspicious then phone the police immediately.

Please report anything suspicious as soon as possible to police on **101**.
