```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-28T09:23:28+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-27T10:28:44+01:00'
og:
  description: A 35-year-old man has been charged following an armed robbery at a business premises in Stowmarket.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer_on_radio.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Stowmarket robbery - man charged
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-28T09:23:28+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-robbery-man-arrested
title: Stowmarket robbery - man charged | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-robbery-man-arrested
```

A 35-year-old man has been charged following an armed robbery at a business premises in Stowmarket.

The incident occurred at around 8.25pm on Sunday 26 March in Market Place, when a man holding a knife entered the building and threatened a member of staff, before fleeing the scene with an amount of cash.

Martin Everdell, of The Grove, Stowmarket, was arrested in connection with this incident yesterday afternoon and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Everdell has now been charged with two offences: robbery; and threatening a person with a bladed article in a public place. He has been remanded in custody and will appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Tuesday 28 March.

## Previous release | 27 March 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses or information following an armed robbery that took place in Stowmarket last night, Sunday 26 March.

An offender entered a business premises on Market Place in the town at around 8.25pm. The man, who had a knife, then threatened a member of staff before fleeing the scene with an amount of cash. He is understood to have made off in the direction of Bury Street and Union Street West. A knife was later reported to have been deposited in a nearby waste-bin and has now been recovered by officers and and will be forensically examined.

Nobody was injured during this incident.

Officers want to hear from anyone who may have been driving in the area yesterday, around the time of the incident, and uses a dash cam. Witnesses who were in the Ipswich Street, Tavern Street and Bury Street area between 8pm and 9pm are asked to contact Western Area CID on **101** quoting reference 25255/17. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 27 March 2017

Police have arrested a man in connection with an armed robbery on Market Place in Stowmarket.

The robbery occurred in the town at around 8.25pm yesterday evening, Sunday 26 March where a man, who had a knife, threatened a member of staff before fleeing the scene with an amount of cash.

A 35 year old man from Stowmarket has been arrested on suspicion of robbery and has been taken to Bury St Edmunds police investigation centre, where he will be interviewed by detectives.
