```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-16T13:40:41+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-16T13:40:41+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 48-year-old man has been jailed for 876 days -\_around two years and four months - after admitting a number of burglaries in the Felixstowe area in March 2017, including break-ins at a home, several businesses and a charity shop.In three weeks between 11 and 31 March Anthony Johnson broke into seven premises and stole hundreds of pounds in cash and other items including jewellery and electrical equipment."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/anthonyjohnson.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Felixstowe burglar jailed
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-16T13:40:41+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/felixstowe-burglar-jailed
title: Felixstowe burglar jailed | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/felixstowe-burglar-jailed
```

A 48-year-old man has been jailed for 876 days - around two years and four months - after admitting a number of burglaries in the Felixstowe area in March 2017, including break-ins at a home, several businesses and a charity shop.

In three weeks between 11 and 31 March Anthony Johnson broke into seven premises and stole hundreds of pounds in cash and other items including jewellery and electrical equipment.

Johnson, of Windermere Road in Felixstowe, was arrested on March 31 after he broke into a home in High Road, Trimley St Martin. When he broke in he unwittingly triggered a motion activated pet cam which sent a notification to the householder’s phone to view a live feed. He was then seen inside the premises around 12.15pm and the victim called 999.

Although he had fled the property, the man in the home had been seen on the feed wearing a bright yellow top. Police officers attending the call saw Johnson, who was wearing a yellow top, in a vehicle not far from where the burglary occurred and he was arrested at his home address at 12.50pm.

He verbally admitted he was the burglar to arresting officers and police made a search at his home and recovered an iPad, camera and jewellery items, including a Pandora bracelet, that had been stolen from the home.

Although he gave a ‘no comment’ interview to detectives, following further enquiries he was charged with the home burglary and with two burglaries at businesses in High Road East and Hamilton Road.

He had stolen charity collection boxes, cash and a radio from the store in High Road East between 11 and 13 March and stole a laptop and cash from the Hamilton Road shop overnight 20-21 March. In all three cases he caused damage to gain entry to the premises and made a search before stealing items.

After being arrested, charged and remanded in custody, Johnson then went on to co-operate with Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and admitted four further offences – one attempted burglary and three burglaries of other buildings.

These offences were an attempt to break into a home in High Road on March 13 where he tried to remove the window of a flat above business premises, burglaries at two business premises – one in Bent Hill, the other at Walton Avenue – and a break-in at a charity shop in Hamilton Road overnight 29-30 March where a safe and contents were taken.

Johnson appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 16 May, where he was sentenced to 876 days - equivalent to two years and around four months.

> DC Duncan Etchells of the Operation Converter team said; “Johnson is a prolific burglar who, in a short space of time, targeted both homes and businesses, causing distress and damage. We are pleased that he chose to co-operate with us to admit further offences so we can give victims of his crimes some peace of mind that he has been caught and will now be in prison for some time.
>
> “This case shows again that one offender can be responsible for a series of crimes, but it also illustrates the value of cameras as crime reduction devices. Although the cameras were there for an entirely different purpose – to check on the welfare of two dogs within the property - they provided a live feed which showed what was happening and the offender, directly leading police to arrest Johnson a short time later.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all - police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further crime. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
