```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-01T16:18:41+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-23T10:48:00+00:00'
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man has been jailed for five years following an armed robbery at a business premises in Bury St Edmunds, which occurred earlier this year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jordancarrforweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Man jailed for armed robbery at Tesco"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-01T16:18:41+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bury-st-edmunds-man-jailed-armed-robbery-tesco
title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Man jailed for armed robbery at Tesco | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/bury-st-edmunds-man-jailed-armed-robbery-tesco
```

A 31-year-old man has been jailed for five years following an armed robbery at a business premises in Bury St Edmunds, which occurred earlier this year.

Jordan Carr, of no fixed address, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 29 September, where he was given a six-year sentence in total, comprised of five years’ imprisonment, with an extended licence period of 12-months.

He had previously pleaded guilty to the offences of robbery and being carried in a conveyance taken without authority. He did not admit to a third charge of possession of a bladed article in a public place and this was left to lie on file.

In addition, he had a further two offences of theft from shop and being in possession of a bladed article in a public place taken into consideration. These related to an incident at Sainsbury’s in Bedingfeld Way, Bury St Edmunds, on 19 February 2020.

At around 5.30am on Monday 23 March, two men forced their way into the rear door of the Tesco Express in Lawson Place, as two female members of staff were opening up.

The victims were threatened with knives and separated, with Carr ushering one of the women to the tills at the front of the store, whilst the other woman was forcibly dragged to an office where a safe was kept by the second offender.

At one point during the robbery, Carr’s accomplice held a knife to the throat of one of the victims and made threats to stab them, saying: “Do what we want or we are ‘gonna’ hurt you.”

The offenders stole over £2,200 in cash and a bottle of Jack Daniel’s whiskey, with £1,640 taken from the safe and a further £600 from the tills.

They also took the victims’ mobile phones and a set of car keys, using a Suzuki Alto belonging to one of the victims to make their escape.

Jordan Carr was quickly identified as being one of the offenders and was arrested in connection with the incident a week later on Monday 30 March. He was subsequently charged and appeared before magistrates on Wednesday 1 April.

A 37-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds was also arrested in connection with this incident on 30 March and remains under investigation.

> PC Carly Laflin, of West CID, said: “This was a terrifying ordeal for the victims, one of whom described being afraid for the lives of both herself and her colleague.
>
> “The victim who was dragged around by Carr’s accomplice and had a knife held to her throat has spoken of how the experience traumatised her - that she has been left scared to be alone and now feels vulnerable.
>
> “Although Carr is described by the victims as not being as aggressive as his accomplice, that does not diminish his role in this incident. He participated in what would appear to have been a pre-planned robbery, with intent to cause undue distress to the people working in that shop.
>
> “Anyone who believes that the only people who suffer in robberies such as this are businesses or their owners should think again. This incident clearly demonstrates that is not the case. People who work in providing essential amenities – which have become even more vital during the coronavirus pandemic – should not expect to have to suffer at the hands of criminals in this way.
>
> “We treat offences such as this as a priority and as a result made two arrests just one week after the incident. I am pleased with the sentence given to Jordan Carr, but we still have further work to do to ensure his accomplice is also brought to justice.”

## Previous release | 1 April 2020

A 30-year-old man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a business premises in Bury St Edmunds, which occurred last week.

At around 5.30am on Monday 23 March, two men armed with knives entered the Tesco Express in Lawson Place, where they grabbed hold of and threatened members of staff.

The offenders then stole cash, two mobile phones and the key to a white Suzuki Alto which was stolen from outside. The car was located later that morning in Ashwell Road, Bury St Edmunds

Jordan Carr, of no fixed address, was arrested in connection with the incident on Monday 30 March, and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He has subsequently been charged with the following four offences:

 * Robbery; possession of a knife in a public place; and taking a vehicle without consent (all in relation to the incident at Tesco)
 * Attempted theft from a shop (in connection with the attempted theft of perfume from Debenhams in Charter Square, Bury St Edmunds, on 2 March)

Carr was remanded in custody and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Wednesday 1 April.

A 37-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds who was arrested on Monday in connection with robberies at convenience shops in Eye and Leiston at the weekend, was further arrested in custody on suspicion of the robbery at Tesco Express in Bury St Edmunds on 23 March.

He has been bailed pending further enquiries in respect of all three incidents, but he was wanted on recall to prison and so was detained to be transferred into the custody of HM Prison Service.

## Previous release | 31 March 2020

Police investigating two recent robbery incidents at business premises in Bury St Edmunds have arrested a man in connection with the offences.

At around 5.30am on Monday 23 March, two men armed with knives entered the Tesco Express in Lawson Place, where they grabbed hold of and threatened members of staff.

The offenders then stole cash, two mobile phones and the key to a white Suzuki Alto which was stolen from outside. The car was located later that morning in Ashwell Road, Bury St Edmunds

The second incident occurred the following day, when at around 8pm on Tuesday 24 March, a man entered the Spar Store in St Olaves Precinct and demanded that staff put money in a bag, which were not met.

He then made further demands for alcohol and cigarettes and made reference to using a ‘blade’, but no weapons were brandished or seen during the incident and no one was harmed.

Yesterday afternoon, Monday 30 March, officers arrested a 30-year-old man of no fixed address on suspicion of two counts of robbery. He has been taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about these incidents to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station, quoting the references: 17558/20 (in respect of Tesco) or 17919/20 (in respect of Spar).

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 26 March 2020

Police enquiries into an armed robbery at a business premises in Bury St Edmunds earlier this week are continuing.

Officers were called to Tesco Express in Lawson Place just after 5.50am on Monday 23 March.

Two men with knives entered the building at around 5.30am, where they grabbed hold of and threatened members of staff, before stealing cash, two mobile phones and the key to a white Suzuki Alto which was then stolen from outside.

The car was located later that morning in Ashwell Road, Bury St Edmunds, and officers are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen the vehicle being driven in that area, or witnessed people parking and exiting it.

On Monday afternoon, officers arrested a 30-year-old man on suspicion of robbery and he was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning, but will face no further police action at this time.

Detectives have identified other suspects for the offence and a currently pursuing a number of lines of enquiry to locate them. S

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station, quoting reference: 17558/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – DC Mckenna

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

## Previous release | 23 March 2020 - 4.45pm

Police investigating an armed robbery at a business premises in Bury St Edmunds, have arrested a man in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to Tesco Express in Lawson Place just after 5.50am this morning, Monday 23 March.

Two men with knives entered the building at around 5.30am, where they grabbed hold of and threatened members of staff, before stealing cash, two mobile phones and the key to a white Suzuki Alto, which was then stolen from outside.

This afternoon, officers arrested a 30-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds on suspicion of robbery and he has been taken to the Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station, quoting reference: 17558/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**

## Previous release | 23 March 2020 - 10.45am

Police are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery at a business premises in Bury St Edmunds.

Officers were called to Tesco Express in Lawson Place just after 5.50am this morning, Monday 23 March.

Two men with knives entered the building at around 5.30am, where they grabbed hold of and threatened members of staff, before stealing cash, two mobile phones and the key to a white Suzuki Alto, which was then stolen from outside.

The victims have been left very shaken by the incident, but have not sustained any serious physical injuries.

The suspects both spoke with local accents and are described as follows:

\- Suspect one: white, aged in his mid-20s, around 5ft 9in tall, of slim build and with short, dark hair. He had a scarf covering his face, and was wearing dark-coloured clothing.

\- Suspect two: white, aged in his mid-30s, slightly taller than male one, of slim build and with brown hair. He had a tea towel/scarf around his head and was wearing black gloves.

Anyone with information is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station, quoting reference: 17558/20.

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call **999**
