```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-28T13:30:00+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-03-27T12:04:16+01:00'
og:
  description: An 18-year-old man has been charged in connection with a burglary at a convenience shop in Stradbroke and also another store in Essex.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged in connection with burglary at convenience shop in Stradbroke
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-28T13:30:00+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-03-2018/man-charged-connection-burglary-convenience-shop-stradbroke
title: Man charged in connection with burglary at convenience shop in Stradbroke | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-03-2018/man-charged-connection-burglary-convenience-shop-stradbroke
```

An 18-year-old man has been charged in connection with a burglary at a convenience shop in Stradbroke and also another store in Essex.

At around 10.15pm on Monday 26 March, officers were called to reports that the Spar in Church Street, Stradbroke, was being broken into.

Four people with their faces covered were seen to force entry to the building and steal a quantity of cigarettes, before making off in a dark-coloured Audi.

At 4.50am yesterday, Tuesday 27 March, Essex Police arrested a man from the Chelmsford area in connection with a burglary at a convenience shop in Sible Hedingham, which occurred at around 3.30am that morning.

He was taken into police custody for questioning and at 10pm yesterday evening was further arrested on suspicion of the burglary at the Spar in Stradbroke.

James Hamilton, of Berkely Drive, Chelmsford, has now been charged with the following three offences:

 * Aggravated burglary; and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place (namely an axe); both in connection with the incident in Stradbroke
 * Aggravated burglary in connection with the incident in Sible Hedingham

He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear before Colchester Magistrates’ Court today, Wednesday 28 March.

Police enquiries into these incidents continue and anyone with information is asked to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station on 101 quoting reference 16487/18.

Alternatively, you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 27 March 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary at a convenience shop in Stradbroke.

The incident occurred at around 10.15pm last night, Monday 26 March, when officers were called to reports that the Spar in Church Street was being broken into.

Police units arrived at the scene just over 10 minutes later to find that the shop had been broken into a quantity of cigarettes stolen.

Four people with their faces covered had been seen to use sledgehammers and crowbars to break-in and they then made off in a dark-coloured Audi. A number of police units were sent to search the local area, but the offenders were not located.

The offenders also threw items at the window of a house and at a car belonging to two members of the public who tried to intervene.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, are asked to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station on 101 quoting reference 16487/18. Alternatively, you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
