```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-19T08:11:14+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-13T13:48:39+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating an aggravated burglary in Lowestoft have charged a man in connection with the incident.Officers were called to a property on The Avenue at approximately 10:40am on Thursday 12 October, following reports of a burglary in progress where a window had been smashed and which had activated the house alarm.A member of public reported seeing a man carrying a knife exit the property, who shouted threats as he ran towards a parked car, a grey Volvo.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged in connection with Lowestoft aggravated burglary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-10-19T08:11:14+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-10-2017/man-charged-connection-lowestoft-aggravated-burglary
title: Man charged in connection with Lowestoft aggravated burglary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-10-2017/man-charged-connection-lowestoft-aggravated-burglary
```

Police investigating an aggravated burglary in Lowestoft have charged a man in connection with the incident.

Officers were called to a property on The Avenue at approximately 10:40am on Thursday 12 October, following reports of a burglary in progress where a window had been smashed and which had activated the house alarm.

A member of public reported seeing a man carrying a knife exit the property, who shouted threats as he ran towards a parked car, a grey Volvo.

Stan Smith, aged 23 and of no fixed address, was arrested in Diss on Monday, 16 October, and has now been charged with eight counts of burglary offences in Suffolk and Norfolk, including:

 * Burglary at an address in Gromford Lane, Snape
 * Burglary at an address in Hill Farm Road, Halesworth
 * Aggravated burglary at an address in Coleridge Road, Diss
 * Aggravated burglary at an address in Wordworth Road, Diss
 * Aggravated burglary at an address in Heywood Road, Diss
 * Attempted burglary at an address in St Mary’s Drive, Diss
 * Attempted burglary at an address Victoria Close, Diss.

The charges all relate to incidents which occurred between Tuesday 10 and Monday 16 October.

Smith has been remanded into custody and will appear before Norwich Magistrates Court today, Wednesday 18 October.

## Previous release | 13 October 2017

Police are releasing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to in connection with an aggravated burglary in Lowestoft.

Officers were called to a property on The Avenue at approximately 10:40am yesterday, Thursday 12 October, following reports of a burglary in progress where a window had been smashed and which had activated the house alarm.

A member of public reported seeing a man carrying a knife exit the property, who shouted threats as he ran towards a parked car, a grey Volvo.

The suspect drove the vehicle towards Blackheath Woods where it became stuck along a bridleway and he decamped.

Detectives are linking this incident to a second burglary in Snape earlier this week, where a car was stolen.

The break in occurred at a home address in Gromford Lane at some point between 6:30pm on Tuesday 10 and 2:30pm on Wednesday 11 October. Access to the property was gained via a window and keys to the grey Volvo were taken.

The suspect left another vehicle, a red Vauxhall Corsa which is also believed to be stolen, in the driveway of the premises.

Anyone with information about who the man is or about either of the incidents should call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 66624/17. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
