```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-28T13:27:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-08T10:44:25+01:00'
og:
  description: A 73-year-old man has been jailed following a fatal road traffic collision in Great Finborough which occurred over two years ago.The incident occurred at around 2.35pm on Tuesday 26 January 2016 on the B1115, about a mile and a half south of the village at the Water Run, where a Ranger Rover Sport was involved in a head-on collision with a Vauxhall Astra.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/04-roadsideimpactdaycostessey-140110.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Great Finborough \u2013 Man jailed following fatal collision"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-28T13:27:28+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-08-2016/great-finborough-%E2%80%93-man-jailed-following-fatal-collision
title: "Great Finborough \u2013 Man jailed following fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-08-2016/great-finborough-%E2%80%93-man-jailed-following-fatal-collision
```

A 73-year-old man has been jailed following a fatal road traffic collision in Great Finborough which occurred over two years ago.

The incident occurred at around 2.35pm on Tuesday 26 January 2016 on the B1115, about a mile and a half south of the village at the Water Run, where a Ranger Rover Sport was involved in a head-on collision with a Vauxhall Astra.

Jeanette (Jean) Harrison, aged 77, of Clay Hills, Pebmarsh, in Essex and who was a front seat passenger in the Astra sadly died at the scene. Her husband, who was driving the Astra sustained a fractured sternum, fractured rib and blurred vision in his right eye.

Richard Williams, of Bury Road, Hitcham, who was driving the Range Rover, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Tuesday 27 February, where he was sentenced to 10 months’ imprisonment and disqualified from driving for two years and 11 months.

He had pleaded guilty to the offence of causing death by careless driving the previous day (26 February), at the beginning of what was due to be a trial for the offence of causing death by dangerous driving, a charged he denied.

A collision investigation concluded that the Range Rover was on the wrong side of the road and was responsible for the collision.

Williams had claimed that he swerved into the path of the Vauxhall Astra to avoid an animal, but witness and technical evidence proved that it was actually due to him attempting to overtake two other vehicles on the approach to a left-hand bend.

> Detective Inspector Chris Hinitt, of the Serious Collision Investigation Team, said: "This was a completely avoidable collision which had devastating consequences resulting in the death of Jean Harrison.
>
> "Richard Williams attempted to perform a manoeuvre which was completely unsuited to the section of road he was travelling on, with a bend approaching and on the crest of a hill.
>
> "In accepting responsibility for this collision by pleading guilty to causing death by careless driving, he has at least spared Mrs Harrison’s family the pain of a trial. He will now spend a number of months in prison to reflect on his actions that day, which will no doubt haunt him for the rest of his life.
>
> "This case highlights that it is not just the ‘fatal four’ factors that can kill people on our roads, but that poor decision making and driver errors can be just as lethal. That is why it is important to remain focused on the road at all times and only attempt to perform overtakes or other manoeuvres if you have a clear line of sight and it is entirely safe to do so.”

## Previous release | 29 January 2016

The family of 77-year-old Jeanette (Jean) Harrison, from Clay Hills, Pebmarsh in Essex, who died following a two vehicle road traffic collision on the B1115 near Great Finborough on Tuesday, 26 January, have paid tribute to her.

Mrs Harrison died after the Vauxhall Astra she was a passenger in collided with a Range Rover around 2.40pm at the Water Run.

Her family say;

> #### "We are all completely devastated and shocked at the sudden tragic loss of Jean. She was the most wonderful wife, mum, nan, great nanny and a very dear friend to so many. She was the kind of person you could never forget once you had met her, so beautiful - both inside and out, so happy, always making people smile and laugh.
>
> #### "Our Jean was the kindest, warmest, most caring and generous person. She adored children and was absolutely devoted to her three grandchildren and two great granddaughters, who loved her dearly.
>
> #### "We have been overwhelmed with the support and wonderful words received from family and many of her friends - a testament to how much she was loved by everybody. She will be very sadly missed by all who knew her.
>
> #### "We would like to express our sincere thanks to the police, paramedics, firefighters, air ambulance and doctors and staff at West Suffolk Hospital; they have all been so wonderful at what is such a difficult time for us.”

Funeral details will be released in due course but in the meantime any enquiries regarding this can be made to funeral directors Daniel Robinson & Sons, 52 Trinity St, Halstead, Essex, 01787 475533.

Any witnesses to the collision who have not yet spoken to police are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police by dialling 101 quoting CAD number 247 of Tuesday 26 January.
