```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-04T10:03:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-04T15:36:00+00:00'
og:
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/twitter_ad_1_suffolk_needs_you_.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Don&#039;t bend the rules say Suffolk police
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-04T10:03:12+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/dont-bend-rules-say-suffolk-police
title: Don't bend the rules say Suffolk police | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/dont-bend-rules-say-suffolk-police
```

Don’t be one of those who thinks it is okay to bend the rules.

That’s the message from Suffolk Constabulary as the county looks ahead to another weekend in lockdown to tackle the pandemic and save lives and protect the NHS.

Last weekend (Friday 22 Jan to Sun 24 Jan inclusive) 42 people were given Fixed Penalty Notices for breaching lockdown rules over the three day period, and 41 people received warnings. The previous weekend (Friday 15 Jan to Sun 17 Jan inclusive) 56 people were fined for breaching lockdown rules and 39 people received warnings

The force will continue to engage, explain and encourage but we will not hesitate to take enforcement action where necessary.

The message is simple - stay as local as possible to where you live. Where people are breaching the regulations and they are away from home without a reasonable excuse, they may be issued with a FPN.

ACC Rob Jones said: "This continues to be about collective responsibility and the success of getting through this pandemic is not going to be down to someone else - it is by every one of us doing the right thing.

"The actions of a few people who are ignoring or bending the rules are putting everyone at risk. Don’t be one of those who thinks it is okay for you to bend the rules. This week’s tragic 100,000 death milestone the country reached this week is a sombre reminder that there is still a need for strong enforcement where people are clearly breaking these rules.

"We will continue approach people who are out of their home to challenge their reasons for leaving and will not hesitate to take action when necessary.”

The reporting took for potential breaches can be found here: https://www.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/c19/v7/tell-us-about-a-possible-...
The full guidelines can be found on the https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus

## Previous release - Continue to show restraint I 22 January 2021

Suffolk Constabulary is reminding communities across the county to continue to adhere to the latest lockdown measures this weekend and ensure everyone is supporting the cause to save lives and protect the NHS.

56 people were fined for breaching lockdown rules over the three day period from Friday 15 Jan to Sun 17 Jan inclusive, and 39 people received warnings. Of these, on the Saturday & Sunday 45 fines were issued along with 30 warnings. In the rest of the week (Mon 11 Jan to Thur 14 Jan) 31 FPNs and 81 warnings were issued.

The incidents include one where a group who had travelled from Essex and Kent to Suffolk to ride each other motocross bikes off road, at a quarry behind Waldringfield on 17 January. 10 FPNs were issued in this case.

The force will continue to engage, encourage and explain first, but where people are blatantly flouting the rules officers will issue fines and that approach will continue over the coming weeks.

The message is simple - stay as local as possible to where you live. Where people are breaching the regulations and they are away from home without a reasonable excuse, they may be issued with a FPN.

ACC Rob Jones said: "Our officers will continue with dedicated COVID-19 patrols in the coming weeks to ensure people are staying true to the rules. The vaccine roll-out is continuing and while this is encouraging we must not get complacent or lose our vigilance and awareness of ourselves and each other.

"No exceptions to the rules can be made for weekends. Please show restraint, discipline and fortitude. I accept the situation is difficult, but the FPN figures from last weekend do clearly demonstrate that we will take action if flouting of the rules takes place. This approach will continue and the message remains that we must all follow the rules."

The reporting took for potential breaches can be found here: https://www.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/c19/v7/tell-us-about-a-possible-...

The full guidelines can be found on the https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus

## Previous release - Suffolk Constabulary continue with 'inquisitive' approach I 11 Jan 2021

Suffolk Constabulary is re-iterating its warning that police officers will continue to be more inquisitive as the latest lockdown measures to reduce the spread of the coronavirus continue.

The force will continue to engage, encourage and explain first, but where people are blatantly flouting the rules officers will issue fines and that approach will continue over the coming weeks.

Over the weekend (Saturday 9/Sunday 10 Jan) Suffolk issued 39 fixed penalty notices, compared to 6 FPNs issued in the same period last weekend.

The message is simple - stay as local as possible to where you live. Where people are breaching the regulations and they are away from home without a reasonable excuse, they may be issued with a FPN.

ACC Rob Jones said: "Let’s be clear that criminal justice sanctions will not be the answer to beating the pandemic – it lies with public health imperatives, so that means ensuring us all behaving as if we have the virus ourselves.

"You may not know you have it, but you may be asymptomatic so you could be spreading it without knowing it to others, including the vulnerable. We are currently at a critical point in terms of reported daily cases and deaths so it is incumbent on us all to do the right and responsible thing and adhere to the rules. It really is that simple.”

The force has seen an increase in calls into the Contact and Control Room asking for advice on guidance as to what to do in certain situations or to report a potential breach. While it is encouraging to see the public taking responsibility and wanting to check and find out what they can or can’t do, the public is reminded that the police is an emergency service and phonelines need to be kept free for reporting crime and intelligence purposes.

ACC Jones added: "If you see a breach you can report it on the online reporting tool. This allows our CCR call handlers to be able to take calls from people reporting criminality, suspicious behaviour or where a crime is in action. While we urge the public to look at the gov.uk site for the latest and definitive guidance on the rules.

"Responding to emergencies is our daily business and we need to make sure we can continue to deliver our core services and respond to urgent calls and protecting people from harm. That will always be our priority, so we thank you for your understanding and co-operation.”

The reporting took is here: https://www.police.uk/tua/tell-us-about/c19/v7/tell-us-about-a-possible-...

The full guidelines can be found on the https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus

## Previous release I Comply with Tier 4 as we enter New Year I 31 Dec 2020

As we head into the New Year weekend it is now more important than ever to with comply with Tier 4 rules in order to support NHS services under significant strain.

With Covid-19 spreading fast and cases at record levels both in Suffolk and across the country, the Suffolk Resilience Forum is reminding residents to continue playing their part in driving down infection levels. By following Tier 4 rules, we can reduce pressure on local health and social care services.

The Suffolk Resilience Forum, which is the multi-agency group comprising Suffolk’s local authorities, police, health and supporting agencies, is encouraging everyone to see in the New Year safely at home with their own household or support bubble and continue to follow the rules into January.

Latest figures from CoronaWatch show that there are 327 people being treated for Covid-19 in Suffolk’s hospitals (as of December 30), compared to 277 at the same point the previous week (18% increase). The average weekly case per 100k in Suffolk is 261.3 – a 32% increase from December 23. At the moment, Suffolk is seeing an average of 370 new cases a day, with forecasting predicting that cases could double by mid-January to reach 400 cases per 100,000 (currently 222.6).

Rachel Kearton, Suffolk’s deputy chief constable and Covid-19 response lead for the Suffolk Resilience Forum, said:

“Suffolk is at a critical point in the fight against Covid-19.

“We urge people to abide by the Tier 4 restrictions in order to do all they can to protect themselves, their families and the NHS.

“This week we have all seen the reports about the pressures hospitals, doctors, nurses and staff are under. They need us all to be responsible and to do the right thing. We should all stay local, work from home where possible, and only go out for essential journeys.

“From a policing perspective officers will continue to engage, educate and explain the restrictions to people who mistakenly contravene them. However, where there is a blatant disregard for the regulations we will enforce the law.”

Cllr Matthew Hicks, Leader of Suffolk County Council and chair of the Suffolk’s Local Outbreak Engagement Board, said:

“With the new vaccines, there is reason to be hopeful for 2021.

“But for now, infection rates are at unprecedented levels in Suffolk and there is growing demand on our hospitals and social care settings.

“The steps we take now are critical. Suffolk needs you to play your part and do all we can to keep ourselves and our friends, family and neighbours safe.”

The key advice remains ‘hands, face, space’ – washing your hands regularly, covering your face in enclosed spaces and social distancing from anyone you do not live with or who isn’t in your support bubble is vital.

If you have any coronavirus symptoms, such as a high temperature, a new, continuous cough or a loss or change to your sense of smell or taste, you must self-isolate straight away and get a test. You must continue to isolate if you test positive or are told to isolate by NHS Test and Trace.

While health services are under pressure at the moment, health and care leaders say it is vital local people continue using health services in the usual way. Clinicians are reminding individuals requiring urgent or emergency care they should attend their nearest hospital. GP surgeries remain open as normal in tier 4, with remote consultations available. They also urge people to visit their local pharmacy or to call NHS 111 or visit NHS 111 Online if they are feeling unwell.

Neill Moloney, Deputy Chief Executive at East Suffolk and North Essex Foundation NHS Trust, said: “Wave two of this pandemic has once again seen a fall in people accessing NHS services for a range of conditions that are not related to coronavirus.

“If you have symptoms that indicate serious conditions, please go to hospital as normal. If you are not seriously unwell please consider alternatives such as GPs, contacting NHS 111 or visiting your pharmacist.

Accessing services in this way will allow us to work in the most effective way possible for the communities we serve.”

Under Tier 4 people cannot leave their homes unless there is a reasonable excuse. People cannot meet others indoors unless part of the same household or support bubble. Outdoors, you can only meet one person from another household.

Those who are deemed clinically extremely vulnerable should not go to work and should limit time outside of their homes.

Tier 4 residents must not stay overnight away from home and cannot travel abroad.

## Previous release- Rise in cases forces Suffolk in Tier 4 I 24 December 2020

Rapid rise in COVID-19 cases and pressure on health and care force Suffolk into Tier 4 restrictions

• Suffolk placed in Tier 4 as county sees 96% rise in a week
• Suffolk leaders: ‘Let’s re-double our efforts to bring infection rates down’

An alarming rise in COVID-19 infection rates across Suffolk and pressure on hospitals, care homes and social care will result in the county entering Tier 4.

The decision by central Government to place Suffolk in the highest alert tier from its previous Tier 2 status comes into effect from Boxing Day.

The pace of growth in the infection rate is also a major cause for concern across Suffolk, with a 96% increase in cases in a week. Suffolk’s current rate is 188 per 100,000 people. Two weeks ago this was 67 per 100,000. In the last week Mid Suffolk cases have increased by 192%, West Suffolk 176% and Babergh cases by 166%.

This growth puts pressure on Suffolk’s hospitals which need to protect Suffolk’s vulnerable residents whilst still treating non-COVID patients. There were 239 COVID patients in Suffolk hospital beds on 23 December 2020.

Councillor Matthew Hicks, the leader of Suffolk County Council and chair of Suffolk’s Local Outbreak Engagement Board, said: “While it is not the news any of us wanted to hear, it comes as no surprise that Suffolk finds itself in Tier 4 given the rates of infection in recent days.

“The figures speak for themselves. This rise in cases, exacerbated by a more infectious variant, means increased pressure on the National Health Service and its partners, who are in the front line in the fight against Covid-19.

“We now must use this move into Tier 4 status as a spring-board from which to re-double our efforts in working together to bring rates down. This is our opportunity to halt the spread of the virus and enable us to move back into Tier 2.”

Cllr Hicks said the potentially more infectious new variant of Covid-19 meant it was even more important people followed the advice on maintaining social distancing, along with regular washing of hands and wearing of face masks.

Chris Bally, Deputy Chair of the Suffolk Resilience Forum and Deputy Chief Executive of Suffolk County Council, said: “I would urge everyone to take these new restrictions very seriously.

“Whilst we are all disappointed in this announcement, we have shown tremendous fortitude and collective strength throughout this pandemic to do what is right, and follow the guidance so we can protect the most vulnerable and ultimately move beyond this.

“We know that with a vaccine already being rolled out across the country and with other vaccines are on the way so there is light at the end of the tunnel, but in the meantime, we must follow the Tier 4 restrictions to ensure we move to the lower tiers in the shortest time possible.”

Under Tier 4 people cannot leave their homes unless there is a reasonable excuse. People cannot meet others indoors unless part of the same household or support bubble. Outdoors, you can only meet one person from another household.

Those who are deemed clinically extremely vulnerable should not go to work and should limit time outside of their homes.
Tier 4 residents must not stay overnight away from home and cannot travel abroad.

The district breakdown for seven days before December 17 is:
• Babergh – 237 cases per 100,000 people (up 166%)
• East Suffolk – 148 cases per 100,000 people up 89%)
• Ipswich – 246 cases per 100,000 (up 24%)
• Mid Suffolk – 180 cases per 100,000 people (up 192%)
• West Suffolk – 176 cases per 100,000 people (up 176%)

## Previous release - Suffolk enter tier two restrictions I 30 November 2020

Suffolk’s current COVID infection rates, local hotspots and pressure on hospitals are among the reasons why the county will enter tier two local restrictions on Wednesday 2 December.

Following today’s decision by central Government to place Suffolk in the High Alert tier, public sector organisations in Suffolk have set out their goal to get the county out of local restrictions as quickly as possible. They have also moved to help residents, business owners and employees to understand the restrictions that will apply across the county, and the reasons for them.

Whilst Suffolk has so far seen comparatively lower levels of infection than elsewhere in the region and country, the current infection rate (85 cases per 100,000 people) is more than double what it was when Suffolk entered tier one on 14 October (35 cases per 100,000 people). At the beginning of September, there were just 5 cases per 100,000 people. Parts of Suffolk, especially in Ipswich and Hadleigh, are seeing much higher numbers of positive COVID cases than anticipated. This all puts pressure on Suffolk’s hospitals which need to protect Suffolk’s vulnerable residents whilst still treating non-COVID patients. There were 116 COVID patients in Suffolk hospital beds as at 23 November.

Stuart Keeble, Suffolk’s director of public health, said:

“I fully understand that many people will be disappointed that Suffolk has not emerged from the national restrictions in a lower tier, or indeed no tier at all. I am too. Suffolk has done well at keeping our infection rates lower than many other areas in the country, and for that, I would like to thank people for what they have done.

“The facts facing us today are clear however. With current infection rates and pressure being put in health services, we need to do more of what we have been doing. We need to stick with it.

“We know what we need to do to get Suffolk back on track. Every one of us needs to keep following the rules to stop the spread of COVID-19. We need to ensure our hospitals can continue to care for people who urgently need help, including those without COVID. We need to be responsible today for a better tomorrow.”

Rachel Kearton, Suffolk’s deputy chief constable and chair of the group of public sector organisations leading the fight against COVID-19 in the county, said:

“This week’s news about the success of COVID vaccine trials shows us clearly that there is light at the end of this tunnel, but there is still some way to go.

“Suffolk has been at the forefront of following Government guidance and it is precisely that which has kept infection rates relevantly low for so long.

“Now is not the time to give up and deviate from our course. Now is precisely the time to keep following the rules and stop the spread of COVID-19 so that we can get back to the social freedoms we miss so very much.”

From Wednesday 2 December 2020, people in Suffolk will be able to:

• Meet a maximum of six people from other households outdoors
• Go to pubs and bars operating as restaurants with people from your household or support bubble, consuming alcohol but only with a substantial meal
• Go shopping but whilst wearing a mask in indoor public spaces and respecting social distancing rules
• Attend schools, college or university
• Make use of early years childcare
• Go to the gym or leisure centre, whilst following their guidance
• Get a haircut or personal care treatments, whilst following their guidance
• Stay overnight with their household or support bubble
• Attend a wedding, civil partnership or wake of up to 15 guests or funerals of up to 30 mourners
• Attend entertainment and sporting events, whilst following their guidance and capacity limits
• Visit places of worship, whilst following their guidance
• Take part in exercise classes or organised adult sport outdoors
• Visit a loved one in a care or nursing home, if allowed locally and whilst following their guidance

Until the position changes, we will not be able to:

• Meet people from other households or support bubbles indoors
• Visit pubs and bars not serving food
• Stay overnight with people from another household or support bubble
• Exercise indoors with people from another household or support bubble if there is any interaction between them

Everyone is encouraged to work from home and limit their journeys where possible.

## Previous release I Suffolk urged to play its part i 4 Nov 2020

Police in Suffolk are urging people to play their part as the county enters a second lockdown with the rest of England.

The new measures announced by the government on Saturday are being introduced from tomorrow (Thursday 5 November) to help stop the spread of coronavirus and will see people required to stay at home, as well as restrictions imposed on gatherings and non-essential businesses closed, including shops, restaurants and bars.

Officers are encouraging people to stick to the rules and maintain social distancing.

T/Chief Supt Kim Warner said: "We all need to show restraint, discipline and common sense over the coming month – this is a public health emergency where a collective responsibility is needed to respect each other’s concerns.

"It is imperative people comply with the new lockdown measures to prevent the NHS being overwhelmed and to ensure lives are saved. We all need to work together to protect our NHS and other public services, not just the police.

"Police will engage with people sensibly, proportionately, fairly, and using the well-established 4Es approach of engaging, explaining and encouraging. Any enforcement has always been a last resort.

"However, not following the measures put in place to limit the spread of the virus is unacceptable, so we won’t tolerate time wasters who knowingly break the rules. People recklessly ignoring the regulations by organising large gatherings, music events, or holding large parties should expect to receive a fixed penalty notice.

"We continue to keep working closely with our partners to keep Suffolk as safe as possible and despite the pandemic Suffolk Constabulary remain focussed on our key role – keeping Suffolk people safe and catching criminals.”

Additional information on the new measures can be found on the Government website https://www.gov.uk/guidance/new-national-restrictions-from-5-november

## Previous release - Urging the use of common sense i 15 May 2020

Suffolk Constabulary is urging the use of common sense and for the people of Suffolk to do the right thing by abiding by the government’s instructions in the fight against coronavirus.

Today (15 May) the numbers of fixed penalty notices (FPNs) issued by police forces across the country to those who have refused to comply with the restrictions have again been published by the National Police Chief’s Council. In Suffolk, a total of 246 FPNs have now been issued from 27 March to 11 May. They include 57 issued from 28 April to 11 May.

Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "I again thank the public in Suffolk for following the government’s guidance and making personal sacrifices in doing so. I am confident the vast majority will continue to do follow guidance as we move through the pandemic.

“I’d urge people to continue to show restraint and common sense. The situation we find ourselves in is not a policing issue. It is a public health emergency where a collective responsibility is needed to respect each other’s concerns. We enforce the law, not the government guidance, so we have no role in enforcing the two metre social-distancing instruction.

“I’m proud of what my officers are doing to keep people safe. We will continue to engage, educate and encourage people to comply. However, we have always said we would use enforcement if we were left with no other option.

“Remember, we continue to police the county, keeping our communities safe and target and arrest those that commit crime.”

People can report breaches of COVID19 instructions via our website
http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/report-something/report-breach-c...

## Previous release - Chief repeats praise for residents I 8 May 2020

Suffolk police are continuing to urge people to play their part in fight against coronavirus by staying at home and abiding by the Government’s instructions.

Today (30 April) the numbers of fixed penalty notices (FPNs) issued by police forces across the country to those who have refused to comply with the restrictions have been published by the National Police Chief’s Council. In Suffolk a total of 80 FPNs have been issued. The figures from the NPCC cover the period from 00:01hrs 14th April to 00:00hrs 27th April 2020.

Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "I would like to thank the vast majority of the public for continuing to abide by the Covid-19 restrictions. Sadly there has been a minority who have not. In some of those cases officers have been left with no choice but to issue fixed penalty notices in line with the new legislation.

"Our approach has remained consistent throughout. We will continue to engage, educate and encourage people to comply. However, we have always said we would use enforcement if we were left with no other option.

"Our priority is to protect the people of Suffolk. That includes those who may put themselves and others - including my officers - at risk by not taking notice of the Government’s instructions.

"Once again, I thank the overwhelming majority of the public for their support and I’m proud of the way my officers are conducting themselves in such an unprecedented circumstances.

"Please continue to stay home and stay safe. I appreciate how difficult this is, but we must also do everything we can to protect the NHS.

"We are still here for you. We are still out in our communities, fighting crime, protecting victims and tackling anti-social behaviour.”

People can report breaches of COVID19 instructions via our website http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/report-something/report-breach-c...

## Previous release - Assaults on police officers unacceptable I 27 April 2020

Chief Constable Steve Jupp has issued a warning to members of the public who assault officers and other emergency or key workers after two incidents at the weekend involving police officers.

The incidents comes as the force continues to call on communities to comply with new government measures restricting people’s movements to tackle coronavirus.

In Mildenhall there was on incident on Saturday (25 April) at about 8.30pm where officers received a report of about 20 people gathering in the Peterhouse Close area. Upon police arrival officers engaged with the group and advised them to return to their homes which they swiftly did. One male became abusive and after failing to adhere to advice he was arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly. Whilst being arrested a female officer was injured in the process with her wrist sustaining swelling and bruising.

The suspect was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

43 year old Colin Faley of Peterhouse Close in Mildenhall was charged with being drunk and disorderly and assault of a police officer. He was released on police bail to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court on Tuesday 9 June at 9.15am

In another incident over the weekend officers were at an incident in Lowestoft on Sunday 26 April at about 7.50pm where a disturbance between a male and a female on London Road South was taking place.

A woman was arrested on suspicion for being drink and disorderly after refusing to go home and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre. The suspect, whilst in custody, coughed in the face of an officer – she was subsequently arrested on suspicion of assault on an emergency worker.

28 year old Tallulah Sparksman, of London Road South in Lowestoft was charged with assault on an emergency worker and for being drunk and disorderly. She was released on police bail to appear before Great Yarmouth Magistrates Court on 25 May at 9.30am.

Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "Such incidents where my officers, and indeed all emergency staff and key workers such as NHS staff, are physically and verbally abused, simply will not be tolerated and action to prosecute such individuals will be taken.

"It is completely unacceptable to assault a person who is simply going out to do their job and do their best to serve the community, particularly at this time where this behaviour causes increased risk and anxiety to the officers and their families through fear of infection.

"Our priority remains to protect the people of Suffolk. That includes those who may put themselves and others - including my officers - at risk by not taking notice of the Government’s instructions.

"Please remember, incidents of large social gatherings are still not acceptable –and although it is just a very small minority, this pushing of the limits of what is acceptable needs to stop. Use your common sense to ensure we all play a role in saying at home, protect the NHS and save lives.”

For more information on the government instructions go to www.gov.uk

## Previous release - Plea remains to stay safe I 16 April 2020

Suffolk police is continuing to urge people to help the NHS in fight against coronavirus by staying at home and abiding by the Government’s instructions.

The constabulary is very aware of the challenges these restrictions will bring for so many over a prolonged period and the sacrifices people are making.

Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "Please be assured officers throughout the county will continue to maintain a proportionate and common sense approach in the way they police the restrictions.

"It is now more important than ever we remain resolute in our determination to support the NHS and emergency services by abiding by the Government’s instructions.

"All of us are doing this to help protect our loved ones, our communities and the magnificent NHS workers who are putting themselves at risk to save lives.

"I would like to thank the vast majority of the public for staying home and remaining in the areas where they live.

"Suffolk Constabulary’s approach to the restrictions has remained consistent since their inception at the end of last month. We will engage, educate and encourage people to comply. We have always said we would only use enforcement if we were left with no other option.

"Sadly we have had to do so on a relatively small number of occasions. These have been when officers have had no choice, but to issue fixed penalty notices in line with the new legislation.

"Our priority is to protect the people of Suffolk. That includes those who may put themselves and others - including my officers - at risk by not taking notice of the Government’s instructions.

"Once again, I thank the overwhelming majority of the public for their support and I’m proud of the way my officers are conducting themselves in such an unprecedented circumstances.

"Please continue to stay home and stay safe. I appreciate how difficult this is, but we must also do everything we can to protect the NHS.

"We are still here for you. We are still out in our communities, fighting crime, protecting victims and tackling anti-social behaviour.”

The Government has said people should only leave the house for one of the following four reasons:
•Shopping for basic necessities, such as food or medicineand infrequent as possible
•One for form of exercise a day, for example a walk,run, or cycle, alone of with members of your household
•Any medical need, or to provide care or help to avulnerable person
•Travelling to and from work, but only where this absolutely cannot be done from home

For more information go to www.gov.uk

## Previous release - Police bolster frontline care by training ambulance drivers I 22 April 2020

Suffolk Police are helping to bolster frontline care by providing specialist driver training to the East of England Ambulance Service.

More than 130 student paramedics, community first responders, military personnel and other new recruits at the East of England Ambulance Service (EEAST) are receiving specialist driver training from blue light colleagues to help them support the frontline during the coronavirus pandemic. The training is due to last six weeks and is already taking place.

EEAST is working with police forces and fire services across the region to organise short-notice training courses to give people the skills they need to drive urgent tier and non-emergency patient transport service vehicles.

> **Des Pooley, lead for driving training at Suffolk Police said:**
>
> "We are working closely with all Emergency Services to respond to the challenges that the pandemic has brought. In partnership with the Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service we are looking to train at least 132 people to drive ambulances in the next six weeks and this valuable, practical work is already successfully underway.
>
> "We are very happy that we can assist in this way and are all grateful for the way that everyone involved has come together to support the key work of the Ambulance Service at this time, helping to keep our communities safe.”

> **Marcus Bailey, Chief Operating Officer with EEAST, said:**
>
> "We are very grateful to our blue light colleagues and look forward to working closely with them to keep our patients, staff, volunteers and the wider public safe during this pandemic.
>
> "Covid 19 represents an unprecedented challenge for all of us and we truly appreciate the fantastic support we have received from the police force, the public, businesses and our other partners. We would urge people to continue to play their part in helping the NHS by taking extra care of themselves, only going out for essential items, observing advice about hand-washing and maintaining social distancing.”

Unless your travel is essential, the only plans you should be making are to stay home and stay safe in order to protect the NHS and save lives.

For the latest information and advice visit https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus

## Previous release - Special constables step up to support force I 9 April 2020

Suffolk’s special constables have contributed a combined total of more than 800 hours to support frontline policing in the county over the past week.

A total of 47 special constables completed 117 duties and 845 hours of deployment between Wednesday 1 April and Tuesday 7 April, as part of Suffolk Constabulary’s effort to manage the daily demands of Covid-19.

During the past week, the force’s special constables have been working with regular colleagues responding to ongoing incidents, as well as engaging, explaining, encouraging and enforcing the government’s social distancing measures.

Special Chief Officer Dean Knight said: “The Special Constabulary officers are an integral part of the Suffolk police family. The training and support they receive ensures that they provide a valuable contribution to the safety of Suffolk.

“I have been deeply touched by the number of duties they have performed over the past few weeks and I am indebted to their families for their support. I am also proud of the employers who have released their staff who are specials to help the community and the NHS to help save lives. They have been flexible by giving them additional time off to support the community, and in some cases, given them paid leave to provide a valuable service at this challenging time.

“All of our officers are committed to stand side-by-side with the Suffolk police family in order to provide visible frontline policing, to support the community and also by looking out for the vulnerable, allowing key workers to focus on the priorities over the coming weeks.”

County Policing Commander for Suffolk Chief Superintendent Marina Ericson said: “In Suffolk, we are extremely blessed with having so many dedicated and passionate people who are part of our extended policing family and who put themselves forward to help and support their communities at this time. Our special constables are a vital asset as we continue to rise to the challenges Covid-19 poses.

“I am so grateful to those people and businesses who employ special constables across the county for supporting their staff and allowing them to take time off to support us at such an unprecedented time.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “Our volunteer police officers are not called Specials for nothing, they really are very special and we are absolutely indebted to each and every one of them.

"I am a great supporter of the fantastic work that our special constables carry out across the county every day and even more so now, as we face the challenges of Covid-19. Specials play a very important role in policing the county, they give their time for nothing and add a completely different dimension to the policing family. We are very grateful for the fantastic support they provide across a wide breadth of operational policing in Suffolk.”

"I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the special constables who give their time so generously to support the work of the Constabulary and to also thank those employers who have released their staff to concentrate on their policing duties.”

Suffolk has a team of 126 special constables working various shift patterns in order to support the force. They provide a range of skills, including supporting vulnerable people, logistics and planning, as well as working as operational officers deployed around the county. Special constables have the same powers as regular police officers but serve as volunteers.

They perform a variety of police duties, including providing foot and vehicle patrols, being part of an immediate response team and helping at major incidents, operations and events. They also offer vital links in the partnership between the police service and the public.

For more information on the role of special constable, visit http://www.suffolk.police.uk/join-us/volunteers/special-constabulary

You can also follow them on Twitter @SuffolkSpecials and @SPVolunteers

## Previous release - Chief Constable Easter message i 9 April 2020

As the Easter weekend approaches, Suffolk’s Chief Constable is urging people to continue to comply with the government measures restricting movements to tackle coronavirus.

In a recorded message to the public Steve Jupp is repeating the importance of sticking to the government instruction of staying at home this Easter.

> **Chief Constable Jupp said:** “We understand how difficult it is, but we are here to support you and keep you safe. It is heart-breaking to see what is happening around the country – when you see the footage of doctors and nurses and other health workers under the intense pressure they are currently facing. It really re-affirms why we need to stick to the government measures to keep us all safe and protect the NHS.
>
> “I would urge people show patience and restraint over the Easter weekend and follow the Government advice on social distancing.”

Unless your travel is essential, the only plans you should be making are to stay home and stay safe in order to protect the NHS and save lives.

For the latest information and advice visit https://www.gov.uk/coronavirus

## Previous release - Suffolk Resilience Forum letter I 9 April 2020

### **Stay at home, protect the NHS, save lives.**

### **This is a Public Emergency not a Public Holiday**

To all Suffolk residents,

We strongly urge you to stay home, stay safe, and stay near where you live this Easter.

To help stop the spread of coronavirus all of us must follow the Government’s instructions for the sake of ourselves, our families, our communities, the NHS, and every key worker.

While the vast majority are making sacrifices for the greater good, a minority are not – driving outside of their own immediate area to other locations to exercise, or congregating in parks, beaches and beauty spots.

When exercising the simple truth is: if you cannot get to where you are going in five to 10 minutes, then you have gone too far.

Over the last few weeks the country has stood as one to applaud the heroism of key workers and volunteers, including those in the NHS who are risking their lives to save others.

On behalf of the selfless we must not be selfish.

While others do their duty trying to protect us, do yours by staying in and around your home.

The Government has said you should only leave your property for:

The Government has said you should only leave your property for:

 * shopping for basic necessities, for example food and medicine, which must be as infrequent as possible
 * one form of exercise a day, for example a run, walk, or cycle – alone or with members of your household
 * any medical need, including to donate blood, avoid or escape risk of injury or harm, or to provide care or to help a vulnerable person
 * travelling for work purposes, but only where you cannot work from home

> **Thank you from the services and organisations which make up the Suffolk Resilience Forum.**
>
> **NHS**
>
> **East of England Ambulance Service Trust**
>
> **Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service**
>
> **Suffolk Constabulary**
>
> **Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner**
>
> **Suffolk County Council**
>
> **Ipswich Borough Council**
>
> **East Suffolk Council**
>
> **West Suffolk Council**
>
> **Babergh District Council,**
>
> **Mid Suffolk District Council**
>
> **Environment Agency**

For more information, visit www.suffolkresilience.com/

## Previous release - 'Copper bottomed' thank-you I 7 Apr 2020

Suffolk Constabulary would like to express its gratitude to communities around the county for their kindness and support, as the force continues to play its part in the fight against coronavirus.

The force has received many messages of thanks and appreciation, written, face-to-face and on social media. The messages have come from, children, adults, businesses and other organisations as the county pulls together in these challenging times.

These have included hand-written thank you notes from school children in Woodbridge, offers of food from businesses, as well as donations of chocolate eggs to support the force’s colouring competition for the Easter holidays.

In Haverhill, Place Farm Academy drew rainbow posters with a photo taken of the children with local officers and a crew from the East of England Ambulance Service. The NHS crew were given a heart-warming round of applause by the children and teachers for all the amazing hard work they are doing.

Elsewhere, a school in Pakefield donated snacks to officers in Lowestoft, while the same occurred in Haverhill last week. Meanwhile, a kind message of thanks and some gifts from the town pastors were received by officers in Ipswich based at Landmark House.

The force’s social media channels have also been full of pictures and drawings of rainbows and other creative designs as expressions of gratitude for what officers are doing. These include paintings for the Easter holiday drawing competition for under 12s that is using the hashtag ‘StayHomeSaveLives’.

For example, Eyke Primary School sent local officers some creative art and photography as a mark of thanks to local officers for all their hard work in ensuring the public keep safe in the south of the county.

More information below with images and photos

http://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-04-2020/copper-bottomed-thank-you-suffolk-constabulary

## Previous release - Message of thanks after weekend I 6 Apr 2020

Suffolk Police are thanking the majority of the public who followed Government instructions to stay home and stay safe over the weekend.

However, while the majority have listened to the advice not to travel to tourist spots and parks, there are concerns over the number of people who ignored social distancing guidelines by visiting other households, including for BBQs and parties.

Suffolk Constabulary received 119 calls from members of the public reporting people ignoring the restrictions on Saturday 4 April and a further 142 calls on Sunday 5 April.

Over the two days a total of 178 warnings were given to those in public or gathered at other addresses.

ACC David Cutler said: "I would like to thank the majority of the public who have listened to the Government’s instructions to stay home and stay safe over the weekend.

"Our stance has been to engage and educate, but where people have breached the instructions we have taken appropriate action to enforce them.

"Sadly, there is still a minority who are choosing to flout the regulations and potentially put the lives of the public, and dedicated and brave NHS workers at risk. That is selfish and unacceptable in the current climate where so many families and key workers are making sacrifices for the greater good.

"Suffolk, along with the rest of the country, has shown its overwhelming appreciation for the NHS and carers by coming out to applaud them on the last two Thursday evenings.

"The fact that some people are then choosing to ignore these powerful gestures is perplexing and extremely frustrating.

"In a few days’ time it will be the Easter weekend. I hope the negative comments on social media following the last two days, and the number of heart-wrenching testimonies from doctors and nurses treating those suffering from this virus will cause these individuals to take a long, hard look at their behaviour and consider the danger they are potentially exposing themselves, their families, the public and NHS workers to.

"Our biggest concern is the number of people who have attended other households, particularly for barbecues or parties. The Government guidelines are very clear and people should not be visiting friends or family. Joining friends and family is a big risk of spreading the virus and damaging the NHS’s ability to manage patient care.

"This virus does not discriminate between friends, families or strangers and it can be transmitted between anyone. If you are supporting relatives and friends in at risk groups – such as doing shopping for them – leave it on their doorstep and stay at least two metres away from them.

"I would urge people show patience and restraint over the Easter weekend and follow the Government advice on social distancing. Unless your travel is essential, the only plans you should be making are to stay home and stay safe in order to protect the NHS and save lives. The more we comply with the restrictions now the more lives will be saved."

For the latest information and advice visit https://www.gov.uk/guidance/coronavirus-covid-19-information-for-the-public

## Previous release - Domestic abuse victims are not alone | 3 April 2020

Suffolk Constabulary is reassuring victims and survivors of domestic abuse that they are not alone during this challenging time as the country tackles coronavirus.

The force is acutely aware that the coronavirus will have a serious impact on women, children and men who already face domestic abuse in their homes. Limited contact with the outside world may cause tensions at home leading to an increase in domestic abuse.

Fears over jobs, financial pressure, school closures, working from home and all the other current changes to our day to day lives are likely to result in an increase in domestic abuse.

Det Chief Supt Eamonn Bridger said: “Let me be really clear to anyone concerned – domestic abuse is considered a serious crime and we are is committed to the safety of victims and children during this time of crisis. We want you to seek and receive appropriate support when you need it.

“We do not want you to suffer in silence. The current situation of self-isolation can make the home even more like a prison with an abuser.

“It may also be used as a means to exert further control. Due to the need to self-isolate, you may not be able to see the friends and family who usually support you.

“We want to stress that any form of abuse is a crime and we will deal robustly with perpetrators.

“Whilst it is too early to identify a significant increase in domestic abuse we know that it is a crime that occurs behind closed doors and other countries have seen a rise in abuse during their own Coronavirus responses.

“We will monitor the situation closely and be as proactive with contacting potential victims as we can. We urge anybody who is currently experiencing domestic abuse to make contact in any way that is safe and works for them.

“We understand that the current situation can lead to heightened stress levels. You may find that you need to check your behaviour or seek support during these uncertain times to prevent yourself from being abusive, or even violent towards your partner.

“The Respect phoneline is also available for people who want to stop being violent and abusive and are concerned about their behaviour and want help to manage and change it.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner today reassured victims of domestic abuse that vital support services will continue to be available throughout the Coronavirus emergency.

He said: “This pandemic is impacting on every single one of us in one way or another but I am sadly very aware that victims of domestic abuse are also facing the additional trauma of having to spend time at home with abusive partners with no chance of getting out to see friends and family for support.

“Regardless of the situation we are in, I want to reassure victims that the services I commission continue to work tirelessly to support you. Help is still available - online or on the phone - so I continue to encourage victims to seek help.

“Supporting victims and protecting the vulnerable is absolutely key in my role as Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner and I will play my part by continuing to support services to provide urgent aid to those that need it. I will also make sure that Suffolk Constabulary has the resources it needs to tackle this crime and protect those at risk.

“Please remember you are not alone, help is available, please reach out if you need help. In an emergency call 999 and use the silent solution if you need to – just add 55.”
Some charities and organisations will be offering support over the telephone or online, please see our list online if you need to contact someone for support or advice.

If you are in immediate danger you should still call 999. Police 101 is the non-emergency number.

 **Silent Solution**

The Silent Solution system helps filter out accidental or hoax 999 calls from those who need genuine police assistance.
If speaking or making an immediate sound would put you in danger and you need immediate help, call 999 and stay on the line, then press 55 when prompted and the call will be transferred to the police, who will know it is an emergency call.

Please see Useful Contacts lists on right hand side of webpage

## Previous release - Get creative to tackle Covid I 1 April 2020

School children across Suffolk are being called on to help in the fight against coronavirus by using their creative art and design talents.

Suffolk Constabulary is running a competition for under 12s during the two-week Easter holidays.

They are being asked to design colourful and bright posters with the tag line ‘Stay Home Save Lives’, to encourage members of the public to remain at home, protect the NHS and give key workers the best possible chance to continue delivering vital services.

Once designed on A4 paper (or bigger), the posters should be displayed prominently in the front window of their home and should mention @suffolkpolice on the poster.

Officers on patrol in local communities will then select random posters they see during the Easter holidays and leave a bag of chocolate eggs on the door step. Officers will ensure that the treats are left in accordance with guidance relating to social-distancing to ensure the virus isn’t inadvertently spread.

Inspector Andy Martin, one of the force’s Neighbourhood Partnership Inspectors and who came up with the idea said: "Not only will this provide a great opportunity for our young people to support our vital key workers by reiterating important messages in a fun and creative way, but it also comes with a chance of winning a little thank you from Suffolk Police.

"If your children are taking part, I would ask parents and carers to post images of the poster designs on their social media feed and tag @suffolkpolice using the hashtag #StayHomeSaveLives to help spread the message”

"Thanks for all your support, understanding and patience at this challenging time and we look forward to seeing some fun and creative designs.”

## Previous release - Chief thanks public I 31 March 2020

Suffolk Constabulary is thanking the public and businesses after last week's plea urging them to comply with government measures restricting people's movements to tackle coronavirus.

Officers were given the powers on Thursday last week (26 March), to fine people who refuse to stay at home and only go outside if they have a 'reasonable excuse'.

So far, the force has not yet issued any fixed penalty notices in relation to the formal powers. However, if considered necessary, police may take enforcement action if people are not listening and putting others at risk. Officers will apply their discretion and will ask questions to establish individual circumstances.

Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "Overall, the message does seem to be getting through - compliance with these regulations is an absolute priority to save people's lives and protect the NHS.

"We will continue to police by consent. We will engage, explain the circumstances and encourage people to do the right thing in complying with the government request.

"This is absolutely a community effort. We have no desire to use the formal powers now made available to policing, but it's right that we're able to enforce against those who disregard these measures and put people at risk. The vast majority are following the government requests, and we thank them.

"If people see people flouting the rules we want the public to exercise common sense. We will not be able to dispatch officers for minor infringements. Clearly mass gatherings of people is not a minor infringement and we would want to know about that so we can deal with it.

"I would like to add that people who deliberately spit and cough on emergency workers as well as members of the public will be dealt with robustly. This is an offence and it will be treated as assault.

"I'd also take this opportunity to pay tribute to all our police officers and staff who alongside emergency workers, NHS staff and other key workers are on the frontline. They are doing outstanding work in challenging times."

Police can issue penalty notices of £30, rising to £60 if not paid within 28 days, where they have reason to believe there has been an offence under the regulations.

## Previous release - Reminder about Covid scams I 31 March 2020

Suffolk Constabulary is reminding people to stay alert to criminals looking to continue to exploit the vulnerable during the coronavirus outbreak.

Whilst the vast majority of people volunteering are doing so for the right reasons, there are a small minority of people who see this difficult time as an opportunity to commit crime.

Therefore in particular officers are keen for people to be aware of the very simple steps they can take to protect themselves from handing over their money, or personal details, to criminals. Police are urging people to take a moment to think before parting with their money or information.

County Policing Commander for Suffolk Chief Superintendent Marina Ericson said: "Just take a few moments to think – has the approach come from a cold call, or unexpected text or email? Could it be fake? Do you know or trust the person it’s come from?

"It’s ok to reject, refuse or ignore any requests. Only criminals will try to rush or panic you. Take your time to discuss what is being asked of you with friends or family.

"Remember, the police, or your bank, will never ask you to withdraw money or transfer it to a different account. They will never ask you to reveal your full banking password or PIN.”

The majority of groups are well intentioned and will be working through the voluntary or charity sector and will be very happy to provide you with proof as to who they are. If you receive an unexpected text or email asking for personal or financial details do not click on the links or attachments. Ensure you have the latest software and application updates installed on all your devices.

If you think you’ve been a victim of a scam, contact your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via actionfraud.police.uk.

Advice:
·Only accept help from people you know and / or trust. Never deal with unexpected cold callers

·You do not have to agree to anything you don’t feel comfortable with

· Police, health workers and others will not and do not call at your house to test for coronavirus or ask for money regarding investigations

·Check the person calling at your door has valid identification, even if they are dressed in uniform

·Do not transfer any money across to someone who calls you over the phone, banks will not ask for your personal security details

· Do not trust anyone asking for money transfers or cash over the phone

· Do not make shopping purchases from a company or person you do not know and trust. Use a credit card to pay to protect yourselves.

Further advice can be found on our website:

https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/coldcallers1.pdf

https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/fraudprevention1.pdf

Detailed counter fraud advice is available online, including from

https://www.cifas.org.uk

https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/consumer/scams/check-if-something-migh...

Reporting to Action Fraud can be done online at https://www.actionfraud.police.uk or by calling 0300 123 2040. For up-to-date information on COVID19 fraud please follow Action Fraud on Twitter. To report offers of financial assistance from HMRC contact [email protected].

## Previous release - Suffolk Chief urges compliance I 24 March 2020

Suffolk’s Chief Constable has called on communities to comply with new government measures restricting people’s movements to tackle coronavirus.

Steve Jupp said protecting the NHS and the public must be the priority after the government last night (23 March 2020) ordered people to stay at home to stop the spread of the disease.

Public gatherings of more than two people who do not live together are prohibited, and shops selling non-essential items have been ordered to close.

New legislation has been introduced giving police powers to disperse public gatherings and fine those who do not follow the rules.

Mr Jupp said: “It is imperative people comply with these new measures to prevent the NHS being overwhelmed and to ensure lives are saved.

“The moves so far to limit social distancing have not had the necessary effect, with some people still going about their business as if the threat from coronavirus didn’t exist.

“It has to stop. We all need to work together to protect our NHS and other public services so that we can ensure we can help you.

“I appreciate the crisis we are facing is having a massive impact on people’s lives and the vast majority of people in Suffolk are making a real effort to do all they can to help themselves and others by heeding what has been said. I would now urge the small minority who have not done so to adhere to these new instructions from the Prime Minister.

“Our officers will be out in our communities as we are normally. We will use the opportunity to explain the new rules and discuss with people what they are doing, and why they are out.

“We will continue to work within our traditional policing model, with the consent of the public. The vast majority of the public understand why we may need to use the new powers. We will, of course, negotiate and convince before resorting to the law.

“We must not be complacent. I urge people in Suffolk to follow the advice which is being given, stay at home and help us help the national effort to protect you and our NHS.

“Finally, I would like to say how proud I am of my officers and staff for everything they are doing, along with all the NHS staff and other emergency services.”

The measures announced last night allow people to go out for shopping and basic necessities, daily exercise, any medical need and travelling to and from essential work.

 **What does this mean for me?**

 * Police will need to engage and encourage compliance and may disperse groups of more than two people who do not live with one another. Those who refuse may face a fine.
 * New powers will come into effect on Thursday – in the meantime officers will approach groups and stress the importance of following these rules.
 * Non-essential shops will be closed by Trading Standards – officers will support them if necessary.
 * Play parks and churches will be closed by local authorities.
 * Day-to-day policing continues

## Previous release - Scam warnings I 23 March 2020

Suffolk Constabulary has issued advice on social media channels to combat unscrupulous individuals who look to exploit the vulnerable during the coronavirus outbreak.

The messages on social media urge vigilance against criminals who will be using the publicity around the virus as a chance to target the vulnerable.

For example, the social guidance includes making clear to always ask for identification of anyone claiming to be from the emergency services or the voluntary sector and not to open the door to anyone, especially from someone you are not expecting.

Other scam include coronavirus tax refunds, fake cures, World Health Organisation impersonation emails and bit coin payments.

County Policing Commander for Suffolk Chief Superintendent Marina Ericson said: "We are living through unprecedented times, and while we are seeing mostly positive and very helpful community based activity to support the vulnerable, there continues to be a heartless and scheming group of criminals who will look to exploit the current situation for their own needs.

"Scams are likely to come in many different forms – from, for example, calling on people to say they are testing for the virus, to those fraudulently selling protective face masks, or offering to do shopping and taking money.

"The majority of groups are well intentioned and will be working through the voluntary or charity sector and will be very happy to provide you with proof as to who they are.

"The message is simple, if you have any doubts about the honesty of the person or offer of help, we urge you not to engage further – put the phone down or shut the door and report suspicious behaviour."

Vulnerable people will be most at risk so we ask that people protect themselves and we ask relatives and neighbours of the vulnerable to have a conversation with their loved ones or neighbours to stay alert and be wary of unsolicited offers of help.

If you feel in immediate danger call 999 or if you know someone is vulnerable and has been a victim of fraud, please contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101 or Action Fraud at www.actionfraud.police.ukor call 0300 123 2040.

**Advice:**

·Only accept help from people you know and / or trust. Never deal with unexpected cold callers

·You do not have to agree to anything you don’t feel comfortable with

· Police, health workers and others will not and do not call at your house to test for coronavirus or ask for money regarding investigations

·Check the person calling at your door has valid identification, even if they are dressed in uniform

·Do not transfer any money across to someone who calls you over the phone, banks will not ask for your personal security details

· Do not trust anyone asking for money transfers or cash over the phone

· Do not make shopping purchases from a company or person you do not know and trust. Use a credit card to pay to protect yourselves.

**Further advice can be found on our website:**

https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/coldcallers1.pdf

https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/fraudprevention1.pdf

## Previous release - Coronavirus Information and Advice

 **The coronavirus outbreak which began in Wuhan, China, is still a rapidly evolving situation. On Thursday 30 January the World Health Organization declared this as a global health emergency with UK Chief Medical Officers continually reviewing the UK response to it. This response is being led at a national and local level by Public Health England.**

The NHS and partners are continuing to work together around their response to UK cases of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) and have robust infection control measures in place to respond immediately to them.

Locally, Suffolk Resilience Forum partners are meeting regularly to discuss the potential risks and impacts for Suffolk and are well-prepared to respond to incidents.

Suffolk Police will continue to review the situation and are following all advice from Public Health England.

If you have any health concerns, check the NHS website for up-to-date advice and guidance, and for regular updates on travel information, symptoms and precautionary measures.

If you are concerned that you are unwell or unsure about your symptoms, review the online 111 NHS advice.

PHE has published some frequently asked questions on the coronavirus which can be found here.

**Coronavirus scam and fraud warning**

 **

**

Since February 2020, the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau has identified 21 reports of fraud where Coronavirus was mentioned, with victim losses totaling over £800k.

Of the 21 reports, ten were made by victims that attempted to purchase protective face masks from fraudulent sellers. One victim reported losing over £15k when they purchased face masks that were never delivered.

We have also received multiple reports about coronavirus-themed phishing emails attempting to trick people into opening malicious attachments or revealing sensitive personal and financial information.

One common tactic used by fraudsters is to contact potential victims over email purporting to be from research organisation’s affiliated with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the World Health Organisation (WHO).

They claim to be able to provide the recipient with a list of coronavirus infected people in their area. In order to access this information, the victim needs to click on a link, which leads to a malicious website, or is asked to make a payment in Bitcoin.

Reporting numbers are expected to rise as the virus continues to spread across the world.

**Protect yourself**

 **Watch out for scam messages:**

Don’t click on the links or attachments in suspicious emails, and never respond to unsolicited messages and calls that ask for your personal or financial details.

**Shopping online:**

If you’re making a purchase from a company or person you don’t know and trust, carry out some research first, and ask a friend or family member for advice before completing the purchase. If you decide to go ahead with the purchase, use a credit card if you have one, as most major credit card providers insure online purchases.

For more information on how to shop online safely, please visit: https://www.actionfraud.police.uk/shoponlinesafely

**Protect your devices from the latest threats:**

Always install the latest software and app updates to protect your devices from the latest threats. For information on how to update your devices, please visit: https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/guidance/securing-your-devices

**Coronavirus (COVID-19) information: how to stay safe**

https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/coronavirus-covid-19/
