```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:40:49+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:16:50+01:00'
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man has been jailed for five years and four months after admitting a violent robbery in Haverhill, assaults, six home burglary offences, criminal damage and the theft of a pedal cycle.Hari Farlie, of Montfort Court, Haverhill, was arrested following the robbery of a takeaway delivery driver in the town around 7.20pm on Wednesday 29 June.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/harifarlie.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for robbery and burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:40:49+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-robbery-and-burglaries
title: Man jailed for robbery and burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-robbery-and-burglaries
```

A 21-year-old man has been jailed for five years and four months after admitting a violent robbery in Haverhill, assaults, six home burglary offences, criminal damage and the theft of a pedal cycle.

Hari Farlie, of Montfort Court, Haverhill, was arrested following the robbery of a takeaway delivery driver in the town around 7.20pm on Wednesday 29 June.

A woman in her forties was delivering food to an address in Shepherds Court when she was assaulted by being hit over the head with a baseball bat. She was then repeatedly struck by Farlie before he stole a shoulder bag containing cash and bank cards. She was taken to Addenbrookes Hospital after sustaining serious injuries including facial fractures, cuts and substantial bruising to her legs and body.

Farlie was arrested in connection with the incident in the early hours of Thursday 30 June and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He was subsequently charged with the robbery and was also charged with three counts of assault – on three separate people - one count of assault causing actual bodily harm and one count of assault by beating following an incident in Fornham Road, Bury St Edmunds on Saturday 20 February 2016, and one count of assault causing actual bodily harm following an incident in Feltham, west London, on Friday 20 November 2015.

He was remanded in custody after making his first court appearance at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Friday 1 July. He went on to admit the offences and chose to co-operate with Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team to admit further crimes. These included five home burglaries in Bury St Edmunds between January 2016 and March 2016, where items including, cash, cigarettes, a games console, a tablet computer and a bracelet were among the items stolen; a burglary at a home in the Chalkstone Way area of Haverhill in May where an iPad was among the items taken; criminal damage inside a home at Bury St Edmunds in February, and the theft of a Falcon pedal cycle from the back garden in Mill Road in Haverhill in November 2014.

After pleading guilty at an earlier hearing, he appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday, 19 August, where the additional offences were also taken into consideration and he was jailed for a total of 64 months.

DC Steve Duncan, who investigated the robbery of the delivery woman, said; "This robbery was unprovoked and planned, with the victim being called to deliver food to Shepherds Court and then savagely attacked in order to steal cash. She sustained significant injuries just because she was doing her job and Farlie decided he was prepared to go to these lengths to get money from her.

"However, after being remanded in custody he agreed to co-operate with police to admit further crimes and was produced from prison and interviewed. He gave details about a number of incidents he had been involved in and also provided information that allowed officers to recover items stolen from the robbery victim.

"In her victim impact statement she described how the attack had left her with nightmares and anxiety in addition to scars on her face and chronic headaches, dizziness and nausea following the injuries sustained. Farlie caused misery to her and those he burgled and he will now have time to reflect on his crimes as he serves a lengthy prison term.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further crime. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
