```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-16T16:33:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-12T16:00:46+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are renewing appeals for witnesses and issuing an E-fit likeness of a man they would like to trace in connection with a robbery in Haverhill.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/65276.18_e-fit_for_web.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Haverhill \u2013 E-fit likeness issued in robbery appeal"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-16T16:33:41+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-11-2018/haverhill-%E2%80%93-e-fit-likeness-issued-robbery-appeal
title: "Haverhill \u2013 E-fit likeness issued in robbery appeal | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-11-2018/haverhill-%E2%80%93-e-fit-likeness-issued-robbery-appeal
```

Police are renewing appeals for witnesses and issuing an E-fit likeness of a man they would like to trace in connection with a robbery in Haverhill.

The incident took place at approximately 6pm on Saturday 10 November at Martin McColl’s newsagents on the High Street in the town.

A man knocked on the back door of the shop and when it was opened by a member of staff, he forced his way into the shop. Once inside he threatened the member of staff with a knife and stole a handbag, before fleeing on foot.

Detectives would like to speak to the man pictured in the E-fit about this incident. He is described as white, aged in his late 40s or early 50s, around 5ft 9in tall and of stocky build.

He is also described as having a round face with some sort of mark on his left cheek and spoke with possibly a London or Essex accent. He was wearing a black bomber jacket, black trousers, black woollen beanie style hat, and black gloves.

Anyone who may have seen the incident, saw any suspicious activity or thinks they recognise the man pictured in the E-fit, should contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 65276/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 12 November 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses after a robbery in Haverhill.

The incident took place at approximately 6pm on Saturday 10 November at Martin McColl’s newsagents on the High Street in the town.

A man knocked on the back door of the shop and when it was opened by a member of staff, he forced his way into the shop. Once inside he threatened the member of staff with a knife and stole a handbag, before fleeing on foot.

The man is described as white, in his late 40s or early 50s, around 5 feet 9 inches tall and of stocky build. He is also described as having a round face with some sort of mark on his left cheek and spoke with possibly a London or Essex accent. He was wearing a black bomber jacket, black trousers, black woollen beanie style hat, and black gloves.

Anyone who may have seen the incident, saw any suspicious activity or thinks they recognise the description of the man should contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101 quoting reference 65276/18.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
