```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-16T12:22:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-14T12:39:57+01:00'
og:
  description: Operation Sceptre, the national week of action against knife crime, took place between Monday 17 to Sunday 23 July and was proactively supported by Suffolk Constabulary. The operation aims to highlight the risks that carrying a bladed weapon can bring, as well as targeting offenders who use and carry knives.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/knifes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Op Sceptre - results from successful week of action
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-16T12:22:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/op-sceptre-week-action-target-knife-crime-0
title: Op Sceptre - results from successful week of action | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/op-sceptre-week-action-target-knife-crime-0
```

Operation Sceptre, the national week of action against knife crime, took place between Monday 17 to Sunday 23 July and was proactively supported by Suffolk Constabulary. The operation aims to highlight the risks that carrying a bladed weapon can bring, as well as targeting offenders who use and carry knives.

Officers carried out weapons sweeps in two public parks in Ipswich resulting in two bladed items, a heavy table leg and pool cue being recovered in Jubilee Park. No weapons were found in Alderman Park. Ipswich Borough Council provided support during this operation.

During the week three people were arrested in connection with weapons offences, two of which were subsequently charged with possession of a bladed article in a public place as follows:

 * Chloe Kittl, aged 19 and from Morland Road, Ipswich was arrested on 18 July and is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Thursday 28 September
 * Terry Audus, aged 32 and from Cutters Close, Beck Row, was arrested in Mildenhall on 20 July. He was due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Monday 14 August, but failed to do so and the court has now issued a warrant for his arrest.

The third person - a 34 year old woman from Ipswich arrested on 18 July - will face no further action.

Amnesty blade bins across Suffolk were emptied with the following results:

 * Ipswich; 50 bladed items
 * Lowestoft; 204 bladed items including a sword
 * Bury St Edmunds; 252 bladed items including two swords
 * Sudbury; 85 bladed items
 * Mildenhall; 114 bladed items

The bins were last emptied in May 2017. Since the Bin a Blade campaign was launched in Suffolk in 2011, well over 18,500 bladed items have been deposited and destroyed.

> **Superintendent Simon Mills, who was in charge of the operation, said: **"Operation Sceptre is part of our ongoing proactive work across Suffolk to take knives off the streets and out of the hands of offenders. The relatively small numbers of weapons recovered and the limited number of arrests for possession of knives during this period points to the success of previous work.
>
> "There is no excuse to carry a knife in Suffolk. Knife crime can have devastating consequences and if you are found illegally in possession of a knife you will be arrested, could be put before the court and brought to justice.
>
> "Knives do not keep you safe – quite the opposite. By carrying a knife you are putting yourself in much greater danger, being more likely to become involved in a violent situation and get injured yourself. If you believe that somebody you know is carrying a knife, do the right thing and report it to us or Crimestoppers – it could save a life.
>
> "There are a number of knife amnesty bins across the county in place across the county and I would encourage people to use them and help us to keep Suffolk safe.”

> **Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said:** "I fully support the Constabulary’s Operation Sceptre, we need to do all we can through education, peer pressure, policing and sentencing to make it absolutely clear that it’s never acceptable for a person to carry a knife or weapon. I find it really disappointing that anyone carries a blade of any kind.
>
> "The Bin a Blade campaign and the use of these bins is a great way of highlighting the issue of knife crime. I would encourage anyone who has a knife or any other weapon to dispose of them responsibly and immediately. Ultimately it is about making Suffolk as safe as possible.”

## Previous release | 14 July 2017

‘Think before you act’ is the message from Suffolk Police to those who carry bladed weapons prior to the next week of action targeting knife crime.

Suffolk Police will be one of twenty-seven forces nationally involved in the next Operation Sceptre, a week of action taking place between Monday 17 to Sunday 23 July which aims to highlight the risks that carrying a bladed weapon can bring, as well as targeting offenders who use and carry knives.

Since a successful Operation Sceptre week of action in May, over 137 offences involving knives or bladed weapons have been reported to Suffolk Police, averaging more than two per day. This includes offences such as assault, robbery and affray in which a bladed weapon was used or threatened to be used. Burglaries in which a sharp instrument was used to gain access would also fall into the category. Criminal damage caused to vehicles is excluded.

Police from across the force will be targeting offenders connected with knife crime.
Officers and Special Constables from local policing areas, alongside drugs teams and response officers will use intelligence-led deployments, weapons sweeps and high-visibility patrols to target and disrupt offenders who carry and use knives. This is part of ongoing work with partners to tackle crime gang and associated gang activity.

Knife amnesty bins across the county, give people the opportunity to dispose of safely knives and blades. Since the Bin a Blade campaign was launched in 2011, well over 17,000 bladed items have been deposited.

> **Acting Superintendent Simon Mills, lead for Operation Sceptre at Suffolk Police, said:**
>
> "We know that there is often an increase in knife offences over the summer period so are ensuring we take positive action to try and prevent offences by removing knives and offensive weapons before any harm is caused. We will continue to highlight the dangers of carrying knives, and other weapons, and the devastating consequences this can have on the lives of young people. If you are found illegally in possession of a knife you will be arrested, put before the court and brought to justice.
>
> "Carrying knives or other weapons do not keep you safe. By carrying a knife you are putting yourself in much greater danger, and more likely to become involved in a violent situation and get injured yourself.
>
> "This week of activity is part of our ongoing commitment to disrupt criminal gangs and take as many knives and weapons off our streets as possible.
>
> "There are a number of knife amnesty bins across the county in place across the county and I would encourage people to use them and help us to keep Suffolk safe.”

Knife amnesty bins can be found outside Ipswich Fire Station and at police stations in Lowestoft, Bury St Edmunds, Mildenhall and Sudbury.

To support Operation Sceptre, Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore plans to extend the bin-a-blade initiative in the county. Discussions are on-going for an additional bin, funded by the PCC, to be placed outside Haverhill Police Station in the town centre..

> **Tim Passmore said:** "I fully support the Constabulary’s Operation Sceptre, we need to do all we can through education, peer pressure, policing and sentencing to make it absolutely clear that it’s never acceptable for a person to carry a knife or weapon. I find it really disappointing that anyone carries a blade of any kind.
>
> "The Bin a Blade campaign and the use of these bins is a great way of highlighting the issue of knife crime. I would encourage anyone who has a knife or any other weapon to dispose of them responsibly and immediately. Ultimately it is about making Suffolk as safe as possible.”

Anyone with information on knife crime in their local community is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101, or pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. In an emergency, always dial 999.

For more information and advice about knife crime do look at our website -www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/personal-safety/knife-crime
