```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-13T17:20:05+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-23T10:49:08+01:00'
og:
  description: A 56-year-old man has been sentenced to 22 months imprisonment following a fatal collision in Walpole in July 2016.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sue_wright1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced following fatal collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-13T17:20:05+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-walpole-woman-named
title: Man sentenced following fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-walpole-woman-named
```

A 56-year-old man has been sentenced to 22 months imprisonment following a fatal collision in Walpole in July 2016.

Police were called just after 6pm on Thursday 14 July, to reports of a single vehicle crash involving a Kawasaki motorcycle on Peasenhall Road. The motorcycle was being driven by man which was also carrying a woman pillion passenger.

Officers arrived and attempted to resuscitate the woman, Sue Wright aged 60 from Southwold, but she sadly died at the scene.

The driver, Mark Kepler of Hibbard Road, Bramford was subsequently charged with causing death by dangerous driving. A full forensic collision report concluded that the cause of the collision was Mr Kepler’s failure to maintain his vehicle in a roadworthy condition. The rear tyre becoming worn to such an extent that it suffered a catastrophic failure.

Detective Inspector Christopher Hinitt from Norfolk and Suffolk’s Roads Policing Unit said,

"It is the responsibility of all motorists to ensure that their vehicles are in a safe and roadworthy condition every time they travel. Failure to do so can have devastating, consequences for the driver, passengers and other road users.

"Carrying out regular maintenance checks is key here. If you have any concerns do get a professional to check.”

For more advice on safer driving to visit our website http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/roads-and-vehicles/safer-driving

## Previous release | 15 July 2016

A 60-year-old woman who died following a road traffic collision in Walpole yesterday has been named as Sue Wright from St Edmunds Road in Southwold.

Police were called just after 6pm yesterday, Thursday 14 July, to reports of a single vehicle crash on Peasenhall Road, involving a Kawasaki motorcycle.

Sue Wright was the pillion passenger on the motorcycle. Police officers attempted to resuscitate her however she died at the scene.

Her family have released the following tribute to her;

"Sue was kind, loving and full of life. She enjoyed weekends away in her camper-van, socialising and the occasional drink. She will be dearly missed by her two children Christopher and Marie-Louise and her father Sidney.”

A 55-year-old man from the Ipswich area who was riding the motorcycle was airlifted to the Norfolk and Norwich hospital. He sustained broken ribs and is in a stable condition.

Anyone who may have seen the collision or who may have seen the motorcycle prior to the crash is asked to call Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting CAD number 360 of yesterday, Thursday 14 July.
