```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-10T11:45:44+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-09T15:33:45+01:00'
og:
  description: "Young people aged between 13 and 18 are invited to apply for a place in one of three new police cadets units, as Suffolk\u2019s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore today announced an extension of the very successful Volunteer Police Cadet scheme to Beccles, Stowmarket and Mildenhall."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cadets_x3.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three new police cadet units for the county
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-10T11:45:44+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-new-police-cadet-units-county
title: Three new police cadet units for the county | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-new-police-cadet-units-county
```

Young people aged between 13 and 18 are invited to apply for a place in one of three new police cadets units, as Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore today announced an extension of the very successful Volunteer Police Cadet scheme to Beccles, Stowmarket and Mildenhall.

As part of his commitment to engaging with children and young people, the PCC has invested in the growth of the Cadet scheme from the four original units to nine units covering the breadth of the county. The three new units are being launched in Mildenhall on Tuesday May 24th; in Stowmarket on Wednesday May 25th and in Beccles on Saturday May 28th.

At present there are six schemes in operation in the county, Felixstowe and Woodbridge, Ipswich, Bury St Edmunds, Sudbury, Haverhill and Lowestoft and of these the cadets in Haverhill and Lowestoft, are joint units with the Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service.

Volunteer Police Cadets are part of a youth engagement programme to assist young people in raising aspirations and becoming pillars of their community, it is open to young people aged from 13 up to 18 who meet on a weekly basis to encourage the spirit of adventure and develop qualities of leadership and good citizenship.

> Tim Passmore, Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner said: “I have seen first-hand the positive impact that being a cadet has had on young people involved in existing units and I am delighted to be able to extend this successful scheme across the county. The cadet motto ‘It’s not where you’ve come from; It’s where you’re going that counts’ perfectly encapsulates the aim of the organisation, which is to help young people become good citizens.
>
> “All too often young people make a wrong choice as teenagers and this limits their choices in the future. By showing the young people how to make positive life choices it is hoped that they will become good citizens and develop leadership qualities that will help them to become more confident and principled adults.
>
> “In my police and crime plan I committed my support to the cadets and pledged to expand and improve the scheme so I am delighted to announce the launch of these new schemes which all will start in May.

> Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton said: “I am extremely pleased that our cadet scheme is being extended to cover other parts of the county.
>
> “It is crucial that as a police force we engage with young people from an early age and provide them with positive opportunities to contribute towards their communities.
>
> “The scheme allows us to work with young people to equip them with a range of useful life skills, as well as to provide them with an insight into the work of the Constabulary and the variety of career paths it can offer. I hope that lots of people take up the opportunity to get involved.”

The cadets meetings will be held in Mildenhall at St Mary’s Primary School on Tuesday evenings between 7pm-9pm.; in Stowmarket at the High School on Wednesday evenings between 6-7.30pm during school term-times and Beccles at Beccles Free School on Saturday mornings between 10am and midday.

Anyone interested in joining the cadet scheme or becoming a leader should contact [email protected] or call Matt Newman on **101**.
