```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-17T13:24:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-16T19:44:16+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police investigating a stabbing in Ipswich have released a 15-year-old girl from custody who was arrested yesterday (Sunday 16 December).Police were called just after 5.30am to reports that two men had been stabbed at a property in Moore Road.The victims, both 21-years-old, were taken by land ambulance to Ipswich Hospital and were subsequently\_discharged later the same day.A 15-year girl, who was arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent, has been released under investigation pending further enquiries."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Moore Road update"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-17T13:24:05+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-12-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-moore-road-update
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Moore Road update | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-12-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-moore-road-update
```

Police investigating a stabbing in Ipswich have released a 15-year-old girl from custody who was arrested yesterday (Sunday 16 December).

Police were called just after 5.30am to reports that two men had been stabbed at a property in Moore Road.

The victims, both 21-years-old, were taken by land ambulance to Ipswich Hospital and were subsequently discharged later the same day.

A 15-year girl, who was arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent, has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Officers believe that this was a targeted attack and as such there is no wider threat to the community.

This incident is also not connected to the fatal stabbing in Turin Street, Ipswich, which took place yesterday afternoon.

Any witnesses to the incident or persons who were in the area with dash cameras are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting crime reference 37/72554/18.

Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 17 December 2018

A girl has been arrested after two people were stabbed in Ipswich this morning, Sunday 16 December.

Police were called just after 5.30am to reports that two men had been stabbed at a property in Moore Road.

The victims, both 21-years-old, were taken by land ambulance to Ipswich Hospital. Neither of the victims’ injuries are believed to be life threatening.

A 15-year-old girl from Ipswich has been arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent.

Detective Inspector Holly Evans said: "We are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information to come forward.

"We believe this is an isolated incident and do not feel there is an obvious increased risk to the wider public.

"We are not connecting it to the fatal stabbing in Turin Street, Ipswich, which took place this afternoon."

Any witnesses to the incident or persons who were in the area with Dash Cameras are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 83 of 16 December.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
