```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-02-23T12:26:19+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-02-23T12:16:40+00:00'
og:
  description: "An Ipswich male has been sentenced to over five years in prison for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.Following a thorough investigation by Suffolk Police&#039;s Serious Crime Disruption Team 31 year old Sanchez Hamilton of Hadleigh Road in Ipswich, \_pleaded guilty on Ipswich Crown Court (Tuesday 23 February) to running the \u2018mouse\u2019 drugs line in Ipswich between 30 January 2020 and 16 September 2020. He was sentenced to five years and eight months in jail."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/hamilton_sanchez.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich drug dealer jailed for five years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-02-23T12:26:19+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-drug-dealer-jailed-five-years
title: Ipswich drug dealer jailed for five years | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-drug-dealer-jailed-five-years
```

An Ipswich male has been sentenced to over five years in prison for being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

Following a thorough investigation by Suffolk Police's Serious Crime Disruption Team 31 year old Sanchez Hamilton of Hadleigh Road in Ipswich, pleaded guilty on Ipswich Crown Court (Tuesday 23 February) to running the ‘mouse’ drugs line in Ipswich between 30 January 2020 and 16 September 2020. He was sentenced to five years and eight months in jail.

In February 2020 Hamilton was involved in a fail to stop incident in rural Lincolnshire where he drove his Audi TT at police officers in excess of 90mph. He decamped from the vehicle and ran from police. It was later established that after abandoning his vehicle Hamilton walked to a nearby village before travelling in a taxi to Hull.

On searching Hamilton’s vehicle police recovered £5000 in cash and a Nokia mobile phone. this phone was later attributed to Hamilton and linked to the supply of Class A drugs into Ipswich.

Hamilton was initially dealt with by Lincolnshire officers providing an account where he claimed his vehicle had been stolen from his driveway in Ipswich .This account was promptly disproved by detectives from Suffolk’s Serious Crime Disruption Team.

In September 2020 as part of the ongoing investigation a warrant was executed at Hamilton's home address, police located a number of items which included a quantity of heroin and cash. He was subsequently charged with conspiracy to supply cocaine.

Dc Chris Townrow of the Serious Crime Disruption Team said: “This is another great result that gets another drug dealer off the streets of Ipswich. Hamilton has paid the price for thinking he could evade the law and this considerable prison sentence reflects his criminal intentions on this occasion.

"This sends out a strong message that we won’t tolerate drug dealing and we will target those who decide to supply drugs on the streets of Suffolk.”

The SCDT disrupt serious and organised gangs whose criminal activity focuses on issues such as drug supply and investigate serious and organised criminality with a ‘cradle to grave’ approach. The team develop the relevant information and intelligence, conduct enforcement activity and then build the case to see the investigation through to conviction.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
