```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-06T10:14:13+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-05T16:58:17+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses to two incidents involving churches in the county.The first took place at some point between Sunday 25 March and Tuesday 27 March at St Margaret\u2019s Church on Newmarket Road in Cowlinge. Criminal damage had been caused to the roof in a likely attempt to steal the lead from the roof."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Criminal activity at churches at Wyverstone and Cowlinge
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-06T10:14:13+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-04-2018/criminal-activity-churches-wyverstone-and-cowlinge
title: Criminal activity at churches at Wyverstone and Cowlinge | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-04-2018/criminal-activity-churches-wyverstone-and-cowlinge
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to two incidents involving churches in the county.

The first took place at some point between Sunday 25 March and Tuesday 27 March at St Margaret’s Church on Newmarket Road in Cowlinge. Criminal damage had been caused to the roof in a likely attempt to steal the lead from the roof.

The second took place at some point on Monday 26 March at some point between 1am and 3pm at St Georges Church on Westhorpe Road in Wyverstone. The offender(s) caused damage to alarm sensors fitted to the church building. The damage was discovered in daylight hours after the person reporting it had previously attended the location in the early hours earlier that morning in response to an alarm activation.

Police urge people to stay vigilant for unfamiliar persons and or vehicles parked at or nearby, particularly commercial vehicles and to note down any descriptions as well as vehicle descriptions and registration numbers. If a church has some work done on it and scaffolding is used, ensure it’s removed as soon as the work is complete. Police also suggest adding grease or anti-vandal paint to metal downpipes to assist in prevention of scaling of the walls.

Sgt Brian Calver of the Rural Crime Team said: "If a church doesn’t have a roof alarm system fitted and has a substantial quantity of lead on the roof, it’s advisable to ensure one is fitted. The cost of an alarm which churches can apply for help with are far cheaper than the bills for the loss/damage which can run into tens of thousands of pounds. There’s also the bonus that much more can be recouped through insurance costs if an approved roof alarm system is fitted.

"We know these individuals will travel miles to carry out their offences so it’s vital for communities to remain vigilant. Also, if anybody see’s anyone flying a drone around the area of a church, do call police, as this could easily be a recce mission.

"If suspicious persons are seen then police would urge them to phone us on 101 but if it’s obvious that a crime in progress is occurring then dial 999.”

Anyone with information regarding the two incidents described should contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting crime reference 37/16901/18 for the Cowlinge incident and 37/16680/18 for the Wyverstone incident or call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
