```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-19T12:36:05+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-17T15:17:50+00:00'
og:
  description: A 32-year-old man from Essex has been jailed after being convicted of a number of sexual offences against a child and abduction.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/ricky_mcgovern_4.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for child sex offences and abduction
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-19T12:36:05+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-child-abduction
title: Man jailed for child sex offences and abduction | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-charged-child-abduction
```

A 32-year-old man from Essex has been jailed after being convicted of a number of sexual offences against a child and abduction.

Ricky McGovern, of Waterside Marina, Brightlingsea, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 19 July, where he was given a 14-year sentence comprising nine years’ imprisonment and an extended licence period of a further five years. He will also be subject to a Sexual Harm Prevention Order and Restraining Order for an unlimited period.

He had previously pleaded guilty to eight charges as follows:

 * Child abduction
 * Meeting a child following sexual grooming
 * Three counts of sexual activity with a child
 * Taking an indecent photograph of a child
 * Two breaches of a Sexual Offences Prevention Order

McGovern was arrested on Sunday 19 March at his home in Brightlingsea in connection with offences against a teenage girl from Suffolk and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He and the victim were located following a three-day police operation during which a dedicated team of detectives were assembled to investigate the abduction. McGovern had made contact with the victim via a messaging app, before arranging to meet near her home, when he then drove her back to Essex.

> **Detective Constable Reuben Brame, of Suffolk Police’s Protecting Vulnerable People Directorate, said:** “Ricky McGovern is a predator who had been issued a previous sexual offences prevention order prohibiting him from contacting any female under the age of 16.
>
> “Despite this he actively sought out the victim online and groomed her, ultimately leading to her abduction and sexual exploitation. I cannot begin to imagine the fear and worry the victim’s family went through and I am pleased we were able to successfully locate her and reunite her with them.
>
> “Suffolk Constabulary will always take robust action against those who target vulnerable young people and I am pleased that the sentence today demonstrates that the courts are prepared to punish individuals convicted of these crimes accordingly.
>
> “I would urge all parents and guardians to talk to their children about online safety and to take a look at the resources available to help you have those conversations.”

Advice is available on the Thinkuknow site at www.thinkuknow.co.uk which gives information and advice for young people and their parents and carers. This also signposts to other help that is available.

Alternatively the NSPCC have a helpline on 0808 800 5000.

## Previous release | 21 March 2017

A 31-year-old man from Essex has been charged with seven offences including child abduction.

Ricky McGovern, of Waterside Marina, Brightlingsea, was arrested on Sunday 19 March in connection with offences against a girl from Suffolk and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

McGovern has now been charged with six offences, including child abduction and grooming. He was also charged with breaching a sexual offences prevention order.

He has been remanded in police custody and will appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Tuesday 21 March.
