```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:43:34+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:43:34+01:00'
og:
  description: A 20-year-old man has been jailed for three years after an attack in Lowestoft in March where a 47-year-old man was beaten with a metal bar.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/benmoore.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for three years following metal bar attack
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:43:34+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-three-years-following-metal-bar-attack
title: Man jailed for three years following metal bar attack | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-three-years-following-metal-bar-attack
```

A 20-year-old man has been jailed for three years after an attack in Lowestoft in March where a 47-year-old man was beaten with a metal bar.

Ben Moore, formally of Surrey Street in Lowestoft, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court last Thursday, 28 July, where he pleaded guilty to wounding/ GBH, assault by beating and possession of an offensive weapon – the metal bar - and was sentenced to three years in a young offender institution. He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £120.

The incident had occurred in an alleyway at the back of homes in Beresford Road in Lowestoft around 2.45pm on Saturday 5 March.

The 47-year-old man had been walking along the alleyway from Love Road when he was attacked with the bar and struck in the face. He sustained a broken nose, a deep cut to the bridge of his nose, bruising to his eye, bruising to his body and a hand/ wrist fracture.

Moore was quickly identified as the offender and he was traced and arrested in the early hours of March 9 on suspicion of GBH. He was subsequently charged with the three offences in connection with the incident and appeared before magistrates on March 10, where he was remanded in custody.

> #### DC John Beales, officer in the case, said; "This was a nasty attack that left the victim with a broken nose and other injuries after he was struck several times with the bar. The victim told police there had been a verbal argument between him and Moore in the Britten Centre in Lowestoft earlier in the day where Moore had spat in his face and shouted obscenities at him.
>
> "The attack however was sudden and savage. Both witness accounts and forensic evidence supported the victims report, with a coat being found in Moore’s home found to have the victim’s blood on it.
>
> "Moore changed his plea to guilty on Thursday and we’re pleased he has now been jailed for a substantial term.”
>
