```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-02T15:44:14+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-02T15:44:14+00:00'
og:
  description: More than 55 motorists were caught exceeding the speed limit during a day of action held at various locations in south Suffolk recently.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/hadleigh_snt_speeding_october_11_1.jpeg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Hadleigh SNT Speed Watch day of action
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-02T15:44:14+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-11-2017/hadleigh-snt-speed-watch-day-action
title: Hadleigh SNT Speed Watch day of action | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-11-2017/hadleigh-snt-speed-watch-day-action
```

More than 55 motorists were caught exceeding the speed limit during a day of action held at various locations in south Suffolk recently.

The Hadleigh Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), along with the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership Team and the Community Speed Watch teams, carried out a day of action on Wednesday 11 October.

In total 20 vehicles were caught speeding by Community Speed Watch Teams in Hadleigh, Stratford St May, Stutton and Bentley.

Further speed checks were also carried out by the Hadleigh SNT in Stutton, Holbrook, Holton St Mary and Sproughton, which resulted in one ticket being issued for speeding. Advice was also given to other motorists for various driving or vehicle offences.
In total the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership Team detected 35 offences when it spot-checked drivers in Hintlesham, Holton St Mary, Whatfield, Washbrook, Bentley, Brantham, Woolverstone and Bramford.

Sergeant Jo Miah, of the Hadleigh Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "This was the first day of action for our SNT which saw the Community Speed Watch volunteers join forces with the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership Team to promote road safety.

"On the day the highest recorded speed included a vehicle travelling at 53mph in a 30mph zone. The same motorist was also caught overtaking another vehicle at the time.

"We are planning more of these days of action in the future as we continue to combat speeding in our neighbourhoods.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said: "Well done to everyone involved in this day of action to. It’s great to see volunteers from our communities working with the Constabulary to keep our roads as safe as they can be.

"We have an army of Community Speedwatch volunteers across the county and they do a fantastic job. Speeding is a very controversial issue and one of the main topics of concern of people contacting my office.

"One thing that comes through to me loud and clear is that people want to see speed checks being carried in our towns and villages. Without the commitment and enthusiasm of our Community Speed Watch volunteers, days of action, such as this one in the Hadleigh area, would not be possible.”

Anyone interested in volunteering for Hadleigh & District Community Speed Watch should contact either Pc 1220 Chris Garrod or Sgt 1490 Jo Miah at Hadleigh Police Station on 101 [email protected]

Alternatively, if you would like to join an existing scheme in another area of the county, or form a new one, please email: [email protected]

The aim of Community Speed Watch is to allow members of the local community to address the issue of speeding in their area by becoming actively involved in road safety, monitoring driver speeds at safe locations with speed detection equipment.

Community Speed Watch informs drivers that excessive speed is socially unacceptable, and helps to re-educate drivers about the dangers of speeding, while addressing concerns from local residents about cars speeding through their neighbourhoods.
