```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-19T14:45:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-17T17:04:51+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Felixstowe.The incident occurred between 7.40pm and 8pm on Saturday 13 October\_in the vicinity of Seaton Park.Two 16-year-old boys were approached by three males on bicycles as they walked through the park. Two of the male offenders then threatened one of the victims with knives and demanded that he gave them his mobile phone, watch and his trainers. The victim was also punched in the face during the incident."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Felixstowe \u2013 Appeal following robbery"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-19T14:45:30+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-10-2018/felixstowe-%E2%80%93-appeal-following-robbery
title: "Felixstowe \u2013 Appeal following robbery | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-10-2018/felixstowe-%E2%80%93-appeal-following-robbery
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Felixstowe.

The incident occurred between 7.40pm and 8pm on Saturday 13 October in the vicinity of Seaton Park.

Two 16-year-old boys were approached by three males on bicycles as they walked through the park. Two of the male offenders then threatened one of the victims with knives and demanded that he gave them his mobile phone, watch and his trainers. The victim was also punched in the face during the incident.

The other boy was also instructed to hand over his mobile phone, trainers, a satchel and his wallet which contained a quantity of cash.

Following reports of the robbery, officers attended the area and identified one of the suspects in Valley Walk. On entering a property and after conducting a search, a number of wraps containing suspected Class B and Class A drugs were located.

Three 18-year-old men were arrested on suspicion of robbery and for supplying drugs.

One of the men was also arrested on suspicion of common assault and another man for possession of Class A drug.

All three men have been released on bail and must return to police on Friday 9 November.

The robbery is being linked to another robbery that occurred on Thursday 11 October at around 4.15pm outside a property in the vicinity of Carr Road.

A man in his 20s was threatened by three males who demanded cash but as he was unable to pay, he gave them his bicycle. The victim also alleged he had been assaulted by the same males on two previous occasions.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about any of these crimes, are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 37/59216/18 or 37/59363/18. Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
