```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-25T11:09:22+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-25T11:09:22+01:00'
og:
  description: "The first of Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s newest recruits have begun their duties on patrol in local communities."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/new_recruits_2016.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: New recruits begin patrolling local communities
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-25T11:09:22+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/new-recruits-begin-patrolling-local-communities
title: New recruits begin patrolling local communities | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/new-recruits-begin-patrolling-local-communities
```

The first of Suffolk Constabulary’s newest recruits have begun their duties on patrol in local communities.

Twelve probationers successfully passed their initial training phase last week, which was formally recognised at a Passing out Parade.

The student officers, all of whom previously served as PCSOs for the Constabulary, began their training at the end of March.

The Passing out Parade marks the end of the 18 week ‘classroom’ phase of the student officer’s learning journey.

Since March the students have been involved in a range of training activities, helping them learn about subjects such as police powers, interviewing and investigative skills, the police Code of Ethics, criminal law, and specialist areas such as domestic abuse and honour-based violence.

Training is carried out in a variety of ways including classroom training, presentations and practical role-play scenarios.

After a week’s leave, the officers joined emergency response teams across the county yesterday, Monday 8 August, where for the next 10 weeks they will be tutored by a specially trained constable. This phase will allow them to continue building a portfolio of evidence that will contribute towards their College of Policing Diploma in Policing.

The 12 students officers are the first of a number of intakes planned throughout the year. The second intake began their initial phase in July.

The freeze on police officer recruitment was lifted in May this year, after the Government announced that police funding would be protected in the next round of budget cuts.

New officers will become part of the new local policing model, launched in April this year, which is designed to ensure that the Constabulary can respond to current and future demand.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "I would like to congratulate the probationers on passing this important phase of their training.

"It’s fantastic that we have been able to open recruitment to Special Constables, PCSOs and members of the public this year. This enables us to welcome a blend of skills and experience into the organisation and to replace those officers who leave, making sure we have the right workforce mix to deliver the best possible service to our communities.

"I warmly welcome all of our new recruits and wish them well at the start of an exciting and rewarding career.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, said: "After a gap of several years I was delighted to attend the passing out ceremony of the latest recruits to the Constabulary. It is great to see officer numbers increasing.

"The passing out parade marks the successful completion of the training of these 12 officers and it was a very proud day for everyone involved.

"This is wonderful news for Suffolk.”
