```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-17T15:14:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-14T12:21:41+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Assistant Chief Constable (ACC) Rachel Kearton is to be promoted to the post of Deputy Chief Constable with the force.Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: &quot;I&#039;m extremely pleased to be able to promote Rachel to Deputy Chief Constable and congratulate her on her well-deserved appointment. Rachel&#039;s drive, talent and experience will be invaluable as we move forward with the many exciting and challenging projects ahead.&quot;"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/rachel_kearton.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Suffolk\u2019s New Deputy Chief Constable"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-17T15:14:32+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-12-2018/suffolks-new-deputy-chief-constable
title: "Suffolk\u2019s New Deputy Chief Constable | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-12-2018/suffolks-new-deputy-chief-constable
```

Suffolk Constabulary’s Assistant Chief Constable (ACC) Rachel Kearton is to be promoted to the post of Deputy Chief Constable with the force.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "I'm extremely pleased to be able to promote Rachel to Deputy Chief Constable and congratulate her on her well-deserved appointment. Rachel's drive, talent and experience will be invaluable as we move forward with the many exciting and challenging projects ahead."

ACC Kearton said: "I am delighted to have been offered the position of Deputy Chief Constable in Suffolk Constabulary. I look forward to maintaining the momentum and good work which is already underway and am grateful for the support that I have had as ACC since joining the force.

"In my time as ACC I have been lucky enough to work with some very dedicated people, not just in the policing world, but from many other agencies and the wider community who are all very keen to contribute in making our county a better place to live. I am committed to continuing to deliver the highest quality policing service to the communities of Suffolk over the coming years.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "I’d like to publicly express my congratulations to Rachel and wish her well in her new role as Deputy Chief Constable.

"I have worked closely with Rachel over the past three years and look forward to continuing this good work to build trust and confidence in this most important public service.”

ACC Kearton will take up her new role from January 1, 2019.

Rachel joined Suffolk Police in September 2015 as Assistant Chief Constable, following a career break during which she worked for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office based in Turkey.

ACC Kearton has more than 20 years’ policing experience, serving in Hampshire and West Yorkshire Police before joining Northumbria Police in 2007.

She has worked in a variety of roles including as Head of Northumbria’s Specialist Uniform Policing Services, leading units including roads policing, the dog section and firearms, area policing commander in two separate districts and Head of Northumbria’s Corporate Development Department.

As Assistant Chief Constable, Rachel has responsibility for Territorial Policing across Suffolk (which includes Response and Safer Neighbourhood teams, the Criminal Investigation Department, the Special Constabulary, Protecting Vulnerable People and the Contact and Control Room). Rachel is currently the NPCC lead for Alcohol Licensing & Harm Reduction and Acid & Corrosive Substance Attacks.

Recruitment for a permanent ACC post will begin in the new year. In the meantime Chief Superintendent David Cutler will step up to be Temporary Assistant Chief Constable on an interim basis as from December 24.
