```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-15T14:08:56+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-12T09:37:35+01:00'
og:
  description: A 37-year-old man from Felixstowe has been charged in respect of two incidents targeting elderly women in the town, along with a number of other offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/downham-019.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Robbery in Felixstowe - Update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-15T14:08:56+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/robbery-felixstowe
title: Robbery in Felixstowe - Update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/robbery-felixstowe
```

A 37-year-old man from Felixstowe has been charged in respect of two incidents targeting elderly women in the town, along with a number of other offences.

The most recent of these incidents occurred at around 1.30pm on Friday 9 September, in Valley Walk.

The victim had been shopping on her mobility scooter, travelling along High Road West and Garrison Lane, and was about to enter her home when she was approached by a man who snatched her handbag from her and then rode off on a bicycle.

This followed a burglary in Reynolds Court on Monday 29 August where a woman in her 90s was pushed over and three handbags were stolen.

Gavin Dighton, of no fixed abode, has been charged with robbery in connection with the incident in Valley Walk and burglary with violence in respect of the incident in Reynolds Court.

Dighton has also been charged with seven other offences (all occurring in 2016):

 * Possession of a Class A drug; following a search of an address in Felixstowe on 13 September
 * Theft; relating to a purse which was stolen in Gulpher Road, Felixstowe, on 12 September
 * Two counts of theft; relating to cash and a tablet computer stolen from an address in Felixstowe between 6 September and 9 September
 * Two counts of fraud by false representation; after a stolen bank card was used to make two cash withdrawals in Felixstowe on 12 September
 * Burglary; relating to a break-in at a charity shop in Hamilton Road, Felixstowe, on 29 July

He was detained in police custody and appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Thursday 15 September, where he was remanded in prison pending an appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 13 October.

## Previous release - 12/09/2016

Police are appealing for witnesses after an elderly lady was robbed in Felixstowe.

The incident occurred at around 1.30pm on Friday 9 September in Valley Walk.

The victim had been shopping on her mobility scooter, travelling along High Road West and Garrison Lane, and was about to enter her home when she was approached by a man who snatched her handbag from her and then rode off on a bicycle.

The suspect – who may have followed the victim back from the shops – is described as white and aged between 30 and 45-years-old.

The victim was left very shaken by this incident, but was otherwise unharmed.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact DC Victoria Mitchell at Southern Area CID on **101** quoting reference 54552/16 , Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.

## Previous release - 14/09/2016

Police investigating a robbery in Felixstowe where an elderly lady had her handbag stolen have arrested a man in connection with the offence.

The incident occurred at around 1.30pm on Friday 9 September, in Valley Walk.

The victim had been shopping on her mobility scooter, travelling along High Road West and Garrison Lane, and was about to enter her home when she was approached by a man who snatched her handbag from her and then rode off on a bicycle.

The victim was left very shaken by this incident, but was otherwise unharmed.

A 37-year-old man from Felixstowe has been arrested on suspicion of robbery and is currently being questioned by detectives at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact DC Victoria Mitchell at Southern Area CID on **101** quoting reference 54552/16, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
