```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-14T15:24:31+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-08T15:09:20+00:00'
og:
  description: The family of a man who died following a road traffic collision in Sutton last week have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/rickytappwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Sutton \u2013 Tribute to victim of fatal collision"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-14T15:24:31+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-01-2019/sutton-%E2%80%93-tribute-victim-fatal-collision
title: "Sutton \u2013 Tribute to victim of fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-01-2019/sutton-%E2%80%93-tribute-victim-fatal-collision
```

The family of a man who died following a road traffic collision in Sutton last week have paid tribute to him.

Officers were called just after 5.45pm on Monday 7 January, to reports of a serious collision on the B1083 between Heath Road and All Saints Church, involving a cyclist and a red Honda CRV.

Richard ‘Ricky’ Tapp, aged 48 and from Melton, was the cyclist involved and sadly died at the scene. Mr Tapp’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

“Ricky was a very loving and caring individual who enjoyed nothing more than sharing all of those special times with his friends and family, his loving nature only meant that Ricky was adored by us all.

“If we were to describe Ricky we would say that he had a gentle soul, a cheery chuckle, and was a free spirit with a great love of the local area, somewhere he lived all of his life. It didn't matter what time of day or night it was, or what Mother Earth could throw his way, Ricky would be out and about enjoying everything life around him had to offer.

“Ricky was from a large, extended family and was a loving son, a brother to nine siblings and their respective partners, as well as being a doting uncle and great uncle. Ricky was known by many, not a day would go by where someone wouldn't recognise him out and about where a gentle smile or friendly hello would always be exchanged.

“Ricky had a great love of music, he was a fan of many sports including tennis and football, being an avid Ipswich Town and Arsenal supporter but he would also enjoy the more tranquil side of life where he would potter in the garden, making countless cups of tea for his visitors.”

## Previous release | 10 January 2019

A man who died following a road traffic collision in Sutton earlier this week is being named by police.

Officers were called just after 5.45pm on Monday 7 January, to reports of a serious collision on the B1083 between Heath Road and All Saints Church, involving a cyclist and a red Honda CRV.

Richard ‘Ricky’ Tapp, aged 48 and from Melton, was the cyclist involved and sadly died at the scene.

Any witnesses to this incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit on 101 quoting reference CAD 315 of 7 January.

## Previous release | 8 January 2019

A man aged in his 40s has died following a road traffic collision in Sutton.

Officers were called just after 5.45pm yesterday, Monday 7 January, to reports of a serious collision on the B1083 between Heath Road and All Saints Church, involving a cyclist and a red Honda CRV.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance, but the cyclist sadly died at the scene.

Police officers remained at the scene until around 1.20am this morning while a collision investigation took place.

Any witnesses are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 315 of 7 January.
