```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-13T10:23:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-21T10:45:57+00:00'
og:
  description: Following an appeal made in relation to a burglary in Ipswich on Sandringham Close, the victim has now come forward to say one of the items originally thought stolen has now been located.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer_on_radio.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich burglary appeal - update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-13T10:23:47+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-01-2019/ipswich-burglary-appeal-update
title: Ipswich burglary appeal - update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/21-01-2019/ipswich-burglary-appeal-update
```

Following an appeal made in relation to a burglary in Ipswich on Sandringham Close, the victim has now come forward to say one of the items originally thought stolen has now been located.

The incident took place on Friday 18 January at some point between 6pm and 7.45pm.

The victim is now happy to state a FA Cup medal, originally thought stolen in the burglary, has been found.

Officers are still keen for witnesses to come forward to the incident where the keys to a white Ford Fiesta were taken and the car were stolen as well as a TV and jewellery.
Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw any suspicious behaviour or has knowledge of the incident should contact Ipswich CID, quoting crime reference 37/3589/19.
Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

## Previous release I 21 January 2019

Police are appealing for witnesses to a burglary in Ipswich.

It took place at a property on Sandringham Close in the town on Friday 18 January at some point between 6pm and 7.45pm.

During the times stated the suspects have gained entry to property by smashing bottom half of back door. The keys to a white Ford Fiesta AY14NOH were taken and the car were stolen as well as a TV and jewellery amongst other items, including an FA Cup medal.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw any suspicious behaviour or has knowledge of the incident should contact Ipswich CID, quoting crime reference 37/3589/19.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org
