```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:48:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-13T08:37:54+01:00'
og:
  description: The RSPCA is appealing for information after a kitten was found dumped in a pillowcase in Suffolk last Thursday morning (8 September).
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/rspca_-_lound.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Kitten left tied up in pillow case
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:48:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kitten-left-tied-pillow-case
title: Kitten left tied up in pillow case | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kitten-left-tied-pillow-case
```

The RSPCA is appealing for information after a kitten was found dumped in a pillowcase in Suffolk last Thursday morning (8 September).

The black kitten, thought to be around six months old, was discovered tied up in the pillowcase on a heap of grass cuttings near the Village Hall green on Church Lane, Lound.

The pillowcase had been tied up so the kitten was unable to escape. It was only her cries that alerted a passer-by to her whereabouts.

The kitten was discovered at around 8am, but the pillowcase was reportedly dry, suggesting it had not been there overnight where it would have most likely become damp following the misty weather overnight. There were also no footprints around the grass heap, which may also suggest that the kitten had been thrown over the nearby hedge.

RSPCA deputy chief inspector Amy Collingsworth said: "This is a really concerning incident. The kitten was found wearing a collar, but had had no tag or microchip. At this point we don’t know if she was abandoned by her owners, or has been stolen or lost, and then cruelly dumped by somebody else.

"Thankfully the kitten is doing well now she’s in RSPCA care, but why somebody tied her up in a pillowcase and left her alone is mystery, not to mention a really terrible, cruel thing to do.

"I’d like to hear from anybody with any information - they can leave me a message in complete confidence on our inspector’s appeal line by calling 0300 123 8018.”

The kitten is being cared for at RSPCA Norwich and Mid Norfolk branch, and has been nicknamed Snowy. She is said to be doing very well and is extremely sweet and playful, despite her ordeal. If no owner comes forward to claim her after seven days, she will then be able to be rehomed when she is ready.

To help the RSPCA investigate cases like this text HELP to 78866 to give £3 (Text costs £3 + one standard network rate message.
