```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-07T10:00:28+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-07T09:56:32+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are urging caravan owners and site owners to be vigilant and consider extra security after a caravan was stolen from the Wortham area on Sunday.Sgt Brian Calver from Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Rural Crime Team said: \u201CCaravan owners and site owners need to ensure they have the very best security measures possible in place.\u201CI would strongly urge owners to invest in the best locks they can \u2013 which are \u2018Secure by Design\u2019 rated - and install a tracker device in the caravan to increase the chance of us catching the thieves."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car_back.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk - caravan security advice
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-07T10:00:28+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-06-2018/suffolk-caravan-security-advice
title: Suffolk - caravan security advice | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-06-2018/suffolk-caravan-security-advice
```

Police are urging caravan owners and site owners to be vigilant and consider extra security after a caravan was stolen from the Wortham area on Sunday.

Sgt Brian Calver from Suffolk Constabulary’s Rural Crime Team said: “Caravan owners and site owners need to ensure they have the very best security measures possible in place.

“I would strongly urge owners to invest in the best locks they can – which are ‘Secure by Design’ rated - and install a tracker device in the caravan to increase the chance of us catching the thieves.

“If anyone has a caravan site and would like us to visit with a view to providing security advice we would be happy to do so.

“I would also encourage anybody who sees a caravan being towed late at night which may not look quite right to report it.

“Obvious things like a lack of mirror extensions and a lack of lights on the rear of the caravan could indicate that the vehicle may be being towed illegally. If anyone thinks this to be the case they should dial 999.”

Other useful caravan security tips to consider include:
\- Use locking wheel nuts and a good quality clamp on the wheels
\- Not to leave expensive personal belongings inside and ensure they lock them on site when out for the day also. If out for the evening, consider leaving a light and/or radio on to make the place look occupied.
\- Consider the use of shed alarms which are relatively inexpensive, easily available at hardware stores, yet provide a good deterrent.

Site owners are urged to review their site security and consider such things as CCTV, barriers, lighting, ditches around the perimeter to prevent access via fields, additional earth mounds next to the ditches, and regular patrols around the site, particularly after dark, to ensure security is maintained.

If anyone sees any suspicious activity on a caravan site they should try to obtain descriptions and vehicle registrations.

For further useful tips please visit Suffolk Constabulary website: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/caravan_security.pdf
