```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-22T16:28:43+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-19T10:04:01+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 17-year-old girl who died following a single-vehicle collision on the A1071 at Hadleigh on Saturday night has been formally named as Isabelle Cottrell \u2013 known as Izzy - from Boxford."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/izzycottrell.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Teenager named following fatal collision - Hadleigh
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-22T16:28:43+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/teenager-has-died-following-hadleigh-collision
title: Teenager named following fatal collision - Hadleigh | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/teenager-has-died-following-hadleigh-collision
```

A 17-year-old girl who died following a single-vehicle collision on the A1071 at Hadleigh on Saturday night has been formally named as Isabelle Cottrell – known as Izzy - from Boxford.

Police were contacted by the Ambulance Service just before 10pm on Saturday, 17 June, to reports of the collision involving a Vauxhall Corsa, that was being driven by another young woman, who sustained minor injuries.

The Corsa had been travelling in the Ipswich direction, when it left the road and collided with fencing near the junction with Coram Street.

Izzy was the only passenger in the vehicle and was treated by ambulance staff but sadly died at the scene.

Today her family – her mum, dad, brother and sisters - have issued a tribute to her –

“Izzy was a phenomenal, beautiful, strong willed person, who will be truly missed by all her family and friends. She was a wonderful typical teenager, who will leave a hole in everyone's lives that will never be filled.

She loved her bed, loud music, cool cars, selfies, social media and always had good banter with anybody she came into contact with. Izzy had her own way of doing things and knew the path that she wanted to take in life.

Since finishing school last year she was loving life, she was excelling in her brick-laying course at Colchester Institute with a bright future ahead of her, with offers already coming in from universities to attend after her next year at college.

Izzy was a very caring, giving person and she adored her family and loved her friends. She would do anything for anyone, day or night. Even if she didn't have the time she would make the time for those that needed her most.

Izzy couldn't wait to learn to drive and wanted a metallic pink, retro Volkswagen Beetle for her 18th birthday in February 2018. She was looking forward to being able to pick her niece up from school and drive herself to college. She made friends wherever she went and left a lasting impression on everyone she met, she was beautiful inside and out and never realised what a wonderful person she was.

We are devastated as a family as are so many friends that have been in touch with us. We will miss her so much that no words can ever express it.”

Police are continuing to ask anyone who saw the vehicle prior to the collision or the crash itself to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team (SCIT) by calling Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 497 of 17 June.

## Previous release | 19 June 2017

A teenager has died following a serious road traffic collision in Hadleigh.

Police were contacted by the Ambulance Service just before 10pm on Saturday 17 June to reports of a single vehicle collision on the A1071.

The vehicle, a Vauxhall Corsa, had been travelling in the Ipswich direction, when it left the road and collided with some fencing near the junction with Coram Street.

A female passenger, a teenager, was treated by ambulance staff but sadly died at the scene. The driver, a young woman, had minor injuries only.

An investigation into the circumstances of the collision is now underway. Witnesses or anybody with any information are asked to call Suffolk Constabulary’s Serious Collision Investigation Team (SCIT) on 101 quoting CAD 497 of 17 June.
