```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-22T17:09:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-22T17:08:59+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in Ipswich on Tuesday, 20 December.At around 9:15pm a young man was walking along Stoke Street near the junction of Belstead Road when he was approached by another man and a woman who asked him for money.The man is reported to have punched the victim in the face and a struggle ensued. The suspect produced a kitchen knife and again demanded money.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/101.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Attempted robbery appeal
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-22T17:09:17+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/attempted-robbery-appeal
title: Attempted robbery appeal | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/attempted-robbery-appeal
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following an attempted robbery in Ipswich on Tuesday, 20 December.

At around 9:15pm a young man was walking along Stoke Street near the junction of Belstead Road when he was approached by another man and a woman who asked him for money.

The man is reported to have punched the victim in the face and a struggle ensued. The suspect produced a kitchen knife and again demanded money.

The couple left empty handed and are thought to have headed in the direction of Burrell Road on foot. The victim was not seriously injured and was able walk home before calling police.

The man is described as white, approximately 35 – 40 years old, 6ft in height, and of slim build. He was wearing a dark tracksuit and is described as having dark, messy hair and of scruffy appearance.

The woman is described as white, approximately 30 – 40 years old, 5ft 6 ins and of slim build. She was wearing a luminous hat which may have been pink or orange.

Police are urging anyone who may have seen anything suspicious, or who may know the identity of the suspects, to come forward. Officers would particularly like to speak to three men in their 20s who are said to have asked the victim if he was ok as he walked towards the junction of Austin Street.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Ipswich CID on **101** , quoting reference 72860/16 or call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.
