```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-20T11:25:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-20T11:25:34+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information after the attempted theft of a vehicle and an assault in Old London Road in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officers_walking_through_town.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Assault and attempted theft in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-20T11:25:34+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/assault-and-attempted-theft-ipswich
title: Assault and attempted theft in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/assault-and-attempted-theft-ipswich
```

Police are appealing for information after the attempted theft of a vehicle and an assault in Old London Road in Ipswich.

The incident happened around 11.30am on Saturday, 18 March, when a driver pulled over and parked his Ford Mondeo in a layby close to the turning for Swan Hill. His young children were asleep in the vehicle. The man got out of his car to have a cigarette when he saw a white van – thought to be a Mercedes Sprinter van, possibly with 55 in the registration – approach.

The van pulled up in front of the man’s vehicle and the driver asked the man if he had something stuck in his wheel. The man then walked towards the back of the van to take a look and he then saw a second man open his car door and sit in the drivers seat.

The victim has then ran to his car and started to pull the man out. There was a struggle before the victim was struck in the face. He was not injured and he managed to get the man out of his vehicle. The offender then ran back to the van and it pulled away, turning into Swan Hill.

Police need to trace the occupants of the van and are asking anyone who may have seen any part of the incident or anyone with information about who they are to come forward.

The driver of the van is described as white, aged in his mid 30s to early 40s, of medium build, and wearing a blue baseball cap with a NY Yankee logo in white on the front and a dark jumper, while the man who sat in the car is described as white, aged in his 20s to early 30s, of slim build, around 5ft 7ins tall, wearing a white T-shirt, blue jeans and glasses which may have been broken in the struggle.

Police are asking anyone who may have been in the area at the time or anyone who may have information about the men in the van to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 23673/17.
