```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-09T10:43:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-06T14:17:16+01:00'
og:
  description: Two people who died in Ipswich at the beginning of the week have now been formally identified and post-mortem examinations have taken place.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Update on Siloam Place deaths
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-09T10:43:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-08-2018/ipswich-update-siloam-place-deaths
title: Ipswich - Update on Siloam Place deaths | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-08-2018/ipswich-update-siloam-place-deaths
```

Two people who died in Ipswich at the beginning of the week have now been formally identified and post-mortem examinations have taken place.

Police were called by the ambulance service just after 8.50am on Monday 6 August, to reports that a man had suffered serious injuries having apparently fallen from a flat in Siloam Place.

The man was declared deceased at the scene a short while later and when officers entered the flat that the man had fallen from, they discovered the body of a woman inside.

They have now been formally identified as Katherine (Katie) Kemp, aged 31, and Thomas (Tom) Kemp, aged 32. Katherine and Thomas were married and both lived at the address in Siloam Place.

Home Office post-mortem examinations have been carried-out and concluded that Katherine Kemp died as a result of multiple stab wounds. Her death is being treated as murder.

Thomas Kemp was also determined to have died as a result of multiple stab wounds. His death is not being treated as suspicious.

Detectives do not believe that there is anyone else involved with this incident and the investigation into the deaths continues.

Although there is no threat to the wider community following the incident, increased police patrols will continue to take place in the area to offer reassurance to local residents.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who was in the area of Siloam Place between 7am and 9am on Monday 6 August and who may have seen, or heard, anything that could assist the inquiry.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact south CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 44421/18.

## Previous release | 6 August 2018 3.30pm

Detectives investigating the discovery of two people found deceased in Ipswich are treating one of the deaths as suspicious, but are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident.

Officers were called by the ambulance service just after 8.50am this morning, Monday 6 August, to reports that a man had suffered serious injuries having apparently fallen from a flat in Siloam Place.

The man was declared deceased at the scene a short while later. His death is being treated as unexplained, but is not believed to be suspicious.

When officers entered the flat that the man had fallen from, they discovered the body of a woman inside and her death is being treated as suspicious.

Both people were known to each other and detectives do not currently believe that there is anyone else involved with this incident. The investigation into the deaths continues and police scenes remain in place both inside and outside the address.

Superintendent Kerry Cutler, policing commander for Ipswich, said: "This would appear to be a tragic incident involving two people known to each other and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident at this time.

"As such there is no threat to the wider community, but I would appeal to anyone with any information about these deaths to make contact with our officers.

Police would like to hear from anyone who was in the area of Siloam Place between 7am and 9am this morning, who may have seen or heard anything that could assist the inquiry.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact south CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting CAD 83 of 6 August.

Following previous police contact at this address, Suffolk Constabulary has referred the incident to the Independent Office for Police Conduct, as per standard procedure.

## Previous release | 6 August 2018

A police scene is currently in place at a property in Ipswich after two people were found deceased.

Officers were called just after 8.50am this morning, Monday 6 August, to an address in Siloam Place, where a man was found outside the property with serious injuries, but he died shortly after the arrival of emergency services. A deceased woman was then found inside the property.

A police investigation into the circumstances of the deaths is currently underway.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact south CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 83 of 6 August.
