```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-23T16:31:05+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-23T16:29:45+00:00'
og:
  description: A 42 year old man has been convicted for a string of burglaries in the west of Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/todd_daniel.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Mildenhall man jailed after admitting burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-23T16:31:05+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2018/mildenhall-man-jailed-after-admitting-burglaries
title: Mildenhall man jailed after admitting burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2018/mildenhall-man-jailed-after-admitting-burglaries
```

A 42 year old man has been convicted for a string of burglaries in the west of Suffolk.

Daniel Todd of King’s Close of Mildenhall appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today (Friday 23 November) after being charged with two burglaries. One took place on 1 October at Worlington Hall Country Hotel on Mildenhall Road and the second took place on 23 September at Beck Row at the Black Pearl fish and chip shop.

He was sentenced to 21 months in prison after pleading guilty to the above two incidents.

Between being charged and being dealt with at court, Todd chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit another 25 burglaries at various business premises, including Newmarket and Mildenhall.

The incidents took place between 25 August 2018 and 3 October where a variety of items were stolen in the break-ins.

In one incident at a premises on Rayes Lane in Newmarket between 4 September and 5 September laptops and a rucksack were taken from the premises that belong to the RAF Cadets.

On 10 September, the security office to the Guineas Shopping Centre was broken into with a number of keys stolen giving access to shops within the shopping centre.

A number of break-ins then followed at seven premises in the centre including the British Heart Foundation premises where a selection of costume jewellery and watches were stolen from the premises, while various quantities of cash were taken in the other burglaries.

Three further burglaries were reported to have taken place on 15 September at business premises in Mildenhall on the Market Place and High Street with quantities of cash also stolen in these.

On 26 and 27 September four burglaries at business premises in Red Lodge took place where again cash was stolen in these incidents.

While other premises in the Beck Row, Lakenheath and Brandon areas were also burgled in late September and early October with further quantities of cash stolen.

DC Duncan Etchells from the Operation Converter team said: "Todd is a habitual burglar whose break-ins across the west of the county during the summer and early autumn caused misery and distress for many business owners.

"We often say how burglary is a clear invasion of people’s homes and personal space and highlight the upset it causes, but the impact is equally as distressing for business owners.

"They lose out considerably in terms of the financial impact it has on them - repairing damaged property, replacing stolen items and the potential enforced closures of the premises while the business owner clears the mess left behind.

"Of course there are added costs such as increased insurance premiums, and as well as the understandable emotional distress such burglaries cause for owners.”

"Hopefully this sentence given in this case will provide some peace of mind to Todd’s victims and also act as a deterrent to other would-be burglars.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
