```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-28T16:50:48+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-22T13:19:13+00:00'
og:
  description: A 47-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed after being convicted of supplying Class A drugs in the town.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/tecwynparker.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for Class A drugs offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-28T16:50:48+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-%E2%80%93-three-men-arrested-following-stabbing
title: Man jailed for Class A drugs offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-%E2%80%93-three-men-arrested-following-stabbing
```

A 47-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed after being convicted of supplying Class A drugs in the town.

Tecwyn Parker, of Downside Close, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Friday 28 April, where he was sentenced to four years’ imprisonment, having previously pleaded guilty to three offences: supplying heroin; supplying cocaine; and possession of a knife in a public place.

This relates to an incident occurring in Ipswich on Tuesday 21 February, when police were called at around 5.15pm to reports of an altercation between three men close to the roundabout on the A137 between Hawes Street and Virginia Street, near to the Riverside Industrial Park.

During the incident Parker was stabbed in the torso, whilst one of the other men suffered cuts to his face and hand. The third man was unharmed. Officers arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes and detained the three suspects.

Following a police investigation it transpired that Parker had met the other two men to sell them drugs, at which point a violent incident ensued resulting in the injuries to Parker and the other man.

Detectives initially treated this incident as a potential attempted murder inquiry, but this was later re-classified as wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm. However, due to there being no independent witnesses to the start of the violence this part of the investigation will face no further police action.

> **Detective Inspector Matthew Connick of Ipswich CID said:** "This was a self-contained incident between persons known to each other, which ultimately resulted in two of them sustaining nasty injuries.
>
> "We do not want people dealing drugs and bringing the associated violence that comes with this practice in our towns. We are working extremely hard to disrupt and deter their activities and will continue to do so.
>
> "I am pleased by the sentence given to Tecwyn Parker by the court today and hope it acts as a deterrent to others who would blight our streets with drugs and violence that they will face significant prison terms if caught and convicted.”

## Previous release | 22 February 2017

Three men from the Ipswich area have been arrested following a stabbing in the town.

Police were called just after 5.15pm yesterday, Tuesday 21 February, to reports of an altercation between three men close to the roundabout on the A137 between Hawes Street and Virginia Street, near to the Riverside Industrial Park.

Officers arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes and detained three men in connection with the incident.

A 46-year-old man had been stabbed in the torso and was taken to hospital for treatment. However, his injuries are not life-threatening and he remains in hospital under arrest on suspicion of attempted murder.

Another 46-year-old man received medical treatment for a cut to the face and was also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. The third man, aged 31, was arrested on suspicion of affray. These two men were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they currently remain for questioning.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact Southern Area CID at Landmark House on **101** quoting reference 18954/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 23 February 2017

Two men arrested following a stabbing in Ipswich have been released on bail, whilst one man remains under arrest.

Police were called just after 5.15pm on Tuesday 21 February, to reports of an altercation between three men close to the roundabout on the A137 between Hawes Street and Virginia Street, near to the Riverside Industrial Park.

Officers arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes and detained three men in connection with the incident.

A 46-year-old man had been stabbed in the torso and was taken to hospital for treatment. His injuries are not life-threatening and he remains in hospital under arrest on suspicion of attempted murder.

Another 46-year-old man received medical treatment for a cut to the face and was also arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. The third man, aged 31, was arrested on suspicion of affray.

These two men were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and have both been released on bail pending further enquires until the following dates: Tuesday 4 April in respect of the 46-year-old; and Wednesday 5 April in respect of the 31-year-old.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact Southern Area CID at Landmark House on **101** quoting reference 18954/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.
