```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-22T16:25:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-17T16:50:03+01:00'
og:
  description: A seventh person has been arrested after a teenage boy was assaulted in Ipswich last week.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Incident in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-22T16:25:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/incident-ipswich
title: Incident in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/incident-ipswich
```

A seventh person has been arrested after a teenage boy was assaulted in Ipswich last week.

Police were called at around 3.50pm on Wednesday 17 May to reports of a fight in Moffat Avenue. On arrival, officers found a 16-year-old boy had sustained a puncture wound. He was taken to Ipswich Hospital where he was treated for his injuries.

Later the same afternoon, police arrested four teenage boys and two teenage girls (aged between 15 and 17) on suspicion of affray in connection with this incident. They were all released under investigation after being interviewed at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre (PIC).

On Friday 19 May officers investigating this assault arrested an 18-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm and affray. He was taken to Martlesham PIC for questioning and has also been released under investigation pending further enquires.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to this incident to come forward. Anyone with information is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 35699/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 17 May 2017

 **UPDATE:** Three teenage boys have been arrested after another teenager was assaulted in Ipswich this afternoon.

Police were called around 3.50pm today, Wednesday 17 May, to reports of a fight in Moffat Avenue. Officers arrived and found a teenage boy had sustained what’s thought to be a stab wound. He has been taken to Ipswich hospital for assessment and treatment.

A short time later police arrested three teenagers in connection with the incident. All have been arrested on suspicion of affray and have been taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre.

Although a number of witnesses have come forward already, police are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen what happened.

If you can help please call Suffolk Police on **101** quoting CAD number 295 of today, 17 May.

Police were called shortly after 3:50pm this afternoon, Wednesday 17 May, to reports that a group of men were seen fighting in Moffat Avenue, Ipswich. It was reported that a person had been stabbed.

Officers quickly attended the scene and located a teenage boy with a suspected stab wound.

Emergency services are currently in attendance and police are dealing with the incident at the scene.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 295 of today, 17 May.
