```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-31T09:19:03+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-29T13:15:43+01:00'
og:
  description: Two teenagers have been charged with robbery and aggravated vehicle taking following an incident in Sproughton Road in Ipswich on Saturday morning where a woman in her 50s had her car stolen.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecar7485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two charged after robbery - Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-31T09:19:03+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-arrested-after-robbery-ipswich
title: Two charged after robbery - Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-arrested-after-robbery-ipswich
```

Two teenagers have been charged with robbery and aggravated vehicle taking following an incident in Sproughton Road in Ipswich on Saturday morning where a woman in her 50s had her car stolen.

Police were alerted around 8.35am on Saturday 29 October after the woman reported her car – a blue Fiat Punto - had been stolen from her at knifepoint.

The two teenagers – a 19-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy from Ipswich – were arrested on suspicion of robbery just before 9am.

Both were taken into custody where they were interviewed by officers and were subsequently charged with offences.

The 17-year-old, who can’t be named because of his age, from Ipswich, has been charged with robbery, aggravated vehicle taking, possession of a knife blade or sharply pointed article, dangerous driving, drink driving, driving with no licence and driving with no insurance.

Taylor Cobbold, 19, of Winchester Way in Ipswich has been charged with robbery and aggravated vehicle taking.

Both teenagers have also been charged in connection with another robbery that happened in Ipswich Street in Stowmarket on the evening of September 9, where a man was robbed of his wallet and mobile phone.

Both have been detained in custody and are due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates this morning, Monday 31 October.

## Previous release | 29/10/2016

Two teenagers have been arrested following a robbery where a vehicle was stolen in Sproughton Road in Ipswich this morning.

Police were alerted around 8.35am today, Saturday 29 October, to a report a woman in her 50s had been threatened with a knife before her vehicle – a blue Fiat Punto - had been stolen.

As officers searched for the car, police received a number of other calls, including reports of a collision with a telegraph pole in the Burstall area.

Police then took a report of two males running from a car at Red Hill Road, Aldham, near Hadleigh. The two – a 19-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy from Ipswich – were arrested on suspicion of robbery just before 9am.

The 17-year-old has been taken into custody at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre, where he has also been arrested on suspicion of driving whilst unfit through drink, while the 19-year-old was taken to the West Suffolk hospital for treatment.

Officers are asking anyone who may have seen any part of the incident to call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD number 67 of today, Saturday 29 October.
