```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-10T15:47:00+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-06T19:54:42+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are naming the motorcycle rider who died following a fatal road traffic collision in Sudbury.Officers were called at 6.40pm to attend a three vehicle road traffic collision involving a black BMW, grey Toyota and a black Yamaha motorcycle on the A131 Melford Road.The motorcycle rider, Jake Page, aged 19 and from Great Waldingfield, was airlifted to Addenbrooke\u2019s hospital with life-threatening injuries, where he sadly died."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jakepage.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Sudbury fatal collision - victim tribute
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-10T15:47:00+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-04-2018/sudbury-fatal-collision-victim-tribute
title: Sudbury fatal collision - victim tribute | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-04-2018/sudbury-fatal-collision-victim-tribute
```

Police are naming the motorcycle rider who died following a fatal road traffic collision in Sudbury.

Officers were called at 6.40pm to attend a three vehicle road traffic collision involving a black BMW, grey Toyota and a black Yamaha motorcycle on the A131 Melford Road.

The motorcycle rider, Jake Page, aged 19 and from Great Waldingfield, was airlifted to Addenbrooke’s hospital with life-threatening injuries, where he sadly died.

Jake’s family would like to thank everyone for their love and support during this very difficult time.

His family has requested that well-wishers refrain from leaving roadside tributes to Jake at the scene of the collision in Sudbury.

 **Family tribute to Jake Page:**

As a family, we are all still in total disbelief and cannot come to terms with the loss of Jake. He was a very much loved son to Jason and Joanne and brother to Jemma. Jake was so full of life, always happy, loved his family, his dogs and his friends. He had many passions in life, but his biggest were the gym which he attended nearly every day without fail, and his motorbike, which he couldn't wait to get out on as soon as the sun was shining.

We have been completely flooded with messages telling us how loving, funny, caring, outgoing and positive he was. Jake’s life had just begun and he was truly starting to shine brighter than ever, he was taken far too soon from us.

## Previous release | 6 April 2018

A man has suffered life-threatening injuries following a serious collision on Melford Road in Sudbury which has caused the road to be closed.

Police were called at around 6.40pm this evening, Friday 6 April, to reports of a collision between a motorcycle and a car.

The motorcyclist has suffered life-threatening injuries and has been taken by air ambulance to Addenbrooke’s Hospital. Paramedics are also in attendance.

The road is currently closed in both directions. The collision took place near the Bay Horse public house.

Any witnesses to the incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 376 of 6 April.

## Previous Release | 7 April 2018

A 19-year-old motorcyclist from the Sudbury area has died following a serious collision in Sudbury yesterday evening (Friday 6 April).

Police were called at around 6.40pm yesterday, Friday 6 April, to reports of a collision involving a Yamaha motorcycle, a grey Toyota Corolla and a black BMW on the A131 Melford Road, near to the Bay Horse Public House.

The motorcyclist was taken by the East of England Air Ambulance to Addenbrooke’s Hospital with life-threatening injuries, where he sadly died.

The road was closed in both directions for a serious collision investigation to take place and was reopened at midnight.

Any witnesses to the collision or anyone with information or dash cam footage is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101, quoting incident number 376 of 6 April.

## Gallery
