```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-24T15:41:41+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-17T01:55:49+01:00'
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man has been jailed after a stabbing in Ipswich last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/ahmedtarabi.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed after Prospect Street stabbing
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-24T15:41:41+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-after-prospect-street-stabbing
title: Man jailed after Prospect Street stabbing | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-after-prospect-street-stabbing
```

A 29-year-old man has been jailed after a stabbing in Ipswich last year.

Ahmed Tarabi, of no fixed abode, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 24 May, where he was sentenced to eight years’ imprisonment. He had previously pleaded guilty to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm.

The incident occurred on Friday 16 September when police were called by the Ambulance Service at 10.40pm to reports that a man had been stabbed in the chest at an address in Prospect Street, off Bramford Road.

Officers arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes, where witnesses provided a description of the suspect and information that he might be at a property in nearby.

Whilst this address was investigated, Tarabi – who matched the description of the suspect - ran past officers who had remained at the scene of the attack. He was pursued by police and arrested in Prospect Street at around 11.25pm.

The victim – a 49-year-old man - was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries and required surgery for a collapsed lung, but has now made a full recovery.

This incident was initially investigated as an attempted murder and following police enquires it transpired that Tarabi and the victim had become known to each other over the preceding week.

On the night of the attack, they had both been at the house of a mutual acquaintance in Prospect Street when an altercation occurred between them, resulting in Tarabi stabbing the victim. Tarabi then ran away from the scene before being arrested a short while later.

> **Detective Superintendent Eamonn Bridger, Senior Investigating Officer, said:** “The rapid response of the ambulance service and the police following the attack ultimately resulted in the victim surviving his injuries and Ahmed Tarabi being arrested within 45 minutes of it occurring.
>
> “I hope the sentence handed down by the court today acts as a warning that incidents of extreme violence like this carry severe punishment and that Suffolk Police will continue to pursue those people who would blight our neighbourhoods with violent crime and bring them to justice.”

## Previous Releases

A 29-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a stabbing in Ipswich.

Police were called by the ambulance service at 10.40pm on Friday 16 September reporting that a man had been stabbed in the chest in Prospect Street.

Officers arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes and began a search of the area and arrested a man in connection with the incident a short time later.

The victim – a man aged in his forties - was taken to hospital having sustained life-threatening injuries, but his condition is now described as stable.

Ahmed Tarabi, of no fixed abode, has subsequently been charged with attempted murder. He has been remanded in custody and will appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Monday 19 September.

A man is currently in police custody in connection with an attempted murder in Ipswich.

Police were called by the ambulance service at 10.40pm last night, Friday 16 September, reporting that a man had been stabbed in Prospect Street.

Officers arrived at the scene within a matter of minutes and began a search of the area. A short time later a 29-year-old man of no fixed abode was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The victim is currently receiving treatment in hospital having sustained life-threatening injuries.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting reference CAD 464 of 16 September, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**

## Previous release | 19 September 2016

Detectives investigating an attempted murder in Ipswich are appealing for assistance to locate the weapon used in the attack.

Police were called by the ambulance service at 10.40pm on Friday 16 September reporting that a man had been stabbed in the chest in Prospect Street.

The victim – a man aged in his forties - was taken to hospital having sustained life-threatening injuries, but his condition is now described as stable.

Officers have carried-out extensive searches in the vicinity of the attack but have not been able to locate the knife which was used to stab the victim.

Senior Investigating Officer, Detective Chief Inspector Eamonn Bridger, said: "I am appealing to anyone who finds a knife in Prospect Street or the surrounding area to contact police immediately.

"We are anxious that the knife is located and taken off the streets so it does not harm anybody else. Anyone who finds a knife they believe was used in this crime should not touch it, but call police immediately with information on its location.”

Anyone who finds a knife they believe could have been used in this attack should call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 55913/16, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

Ahmed Tarabi, aged 29, of no fixed abode, has been charged with attempted murder in connection with this incident. He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court earlier today, Monday 19 September, where he was remanded in custody and committed to Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 17 October.
