```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-22T16:34:00+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-22T16:34:00+01:00'
og:
  description: A 31-year-old man has been given an extended sentence totalling six years after pleading guilty to sexual grooming and two counts of sexual activity with a child.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/christopherwoakes582.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for grooming and sexual activity with a child
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-22T16:34:00+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-grooming-and-sexual-activity-child
title: Man jailed for grooming and sexual activity with a child | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-grooming-and-sexual-activity-child
```

A 31-year-old man has been given an extended sentence totalling six years after pleading guilty to sexual grooming and two counts of sexual activity with a child.

Christopher Woakes, of Portway, Bristol, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Thursday 22 September, for sentencing after pleading guilty to meeting a child following sexual grooming, non-penetrative sexual activity with a child and penetrative sexual activity with a child at a hearing on Friday 8 April.

Today he has been sentenced to four years in custody with non-automatic parole and an extra two year probation requirement. He was also given a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order with conditions around the ownership and use of computers, prohibition from using social media and prohibitions from contact with girls under 16.

In August 2015 Woakes contacted a number of underage girls online via the social media platform Kik in an attempt to cultivate a sexual relationship with them. One of them was a 15-year-girl from Suffolk with learning difficulties.

He started a relationship with her, sending her explicit images of himself. This led to him meeting her near her home address on a number of occasions during October 2015 and during these meetings he engaged in sexual activity with her.

He encouraged the teenager to lie to her parents about who she was meeting – they were told she was spending time with a teenage boy - but they became suspicious when they eventually saw him and realised that he was much older. At this point all contact was severed with Woakes by the victim and her parents and police were informed.

His true identity came to light in November when he repeatedly tried to contact the victim, sending her a mobile phone through the post and loitering outside of her home address.

Members of the public became suspicious of his presence in the area and reported this to the police which assisted in helping to identify him as the suspect, as he had been using a different name when he had been contact with the teenager.

He was arrested on 20 November 2015 at his home address in Bristol and a number of computers and devices were seized. He was brought to Suffolk where he was interviewed by detectives from the Gemini specialist sexual offences team in Bury St Edmunds.

Woakes refused to answer any questions in interview but officers had gathered sufficient evidence and he was charged.

Analysis of the computer devices and phones owned by Woakes, by Suffolk Police’s High Tech Crime Unit, uncovered a number of illegal images of children. These enquiries also highlighted that Woakes had attempted to contact children in a number of countries attempting to distribute and obtain illegal images.

Officer in the case DC Matthew Ross said; "This case highlights a number of issues facing children and the growth in online grooming. Sexual predators will target a child’s vulnerabilities and will then work on gaining their trust, isolating them and creating situations where they can be alone together.

“Sexual behaviours are then normalised with low level sexual touching before progression to more serious sexual activity.

"Online social media platforms provide a place for a lot of this to happen in private especially where a child’s activity is not closely monitored.

"Suffolk Police would encourage all parents and guardians of children who use social media to foster responsible use by the child, to raise awareness of the dangers and be aware of who their child is communicating with. A lack of peer group interaction and low self-esteem are often vulnerabilities that are exploited and put them at risk.

“Following on from this unusual behaviours by the child such as being missing from home or coming home with unexplained gifts are warning signs to be vigilant for.

“This case again shows police will comprehensively investigate reports of sexual offences, with dedicated officers working closely with the victims of such offences to bring offenders to justice.

“While we recognise that not all victims want to follow this through to a court process, we work with partners to provide support and do all we can to see cases successfully progressed.”

Key guidance for parents includes:

 **Talk to your child**
Preventing your child from using the internet and devices won’t keep them safe, so talk them through how to stay safe and what to do if they feel uncomfortable.

 **Ask your child what they do online**
Let your child show you what games they play and websites they use so you can be aware of their activity.

 **Set rules and agree boundaries**
Agree the amount of time they spend online, who they share photos and information with and websites they can use.

 **Make sure your child’s privacy is protected**
Check the privacy settings on their accounts, especially with social networks and games.

 **Check your child knows how to use reporting tools**
Explain to your child what to do if they see inappropriate content or are contacted by a stranger.

Parents can visit the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre's (CEOP) 'Thinkuknow' website at: www.thinkuknow.co.uk/parents/ for more information.

The NSPCC also have a ‘Share Aware’ website at www.nspcc.org.uk/shareaware that offers further advice.

Parents can also contact the NSPCC’s 24-hour helpline on **0808 800 5000** or email [email protected]

If you believe your child may be a victim of offences please contact Suffolk Police by dialling **101**.
