```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-28T15:14:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-28T15:12:49+00:00'
og:
  description: A 58-year-old man has been jailed for persistent antisocial behaviour offences in Sudbury, inc
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/banks_chrisopher.jpeg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Sudbury - Man jailed for persistent antisocial behaviour offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-28T15:14:29+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2019/sudbury-man-jailed-persistent-antisocial-behaviour-offences
title: Sudbury - Man jailed for persistent antisocial behaviour offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2019/sudbury-man-jailed-persistent-antisocial-behaviour-offences
```

A 58-year-old man has been jailed for persistent antisocial behaviour offences in Sudbury, including begging, using abusive and aggressive language, and verbally abusing members of the public.

Christopher Banks, of no fixed address, appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday 27 February where he pleaded guilty to the following offences:

\- Using threatening or abusive words or behaviour with intent to cause fear, which relates to an incident on Sunday 24 February where he was aggressive to an elderly man in Market Hill.

\- Failing to comply with a community protection notice.

Banks also breached a suspended sentence order and consequently was given a total of 10 weeks’ imprisonment.

He was issued a Community Protection Notice on Saturday 9 February which prohibits him from begging for money in Sudbury and from acting in a manner that causes alarm, harassment or distress including using foul and abusive language in a public place.

PC Ryan Butters, of the Sudbury Safer Neighbourhood Team, said: "A Community Protection Notice is given to those who repeatedly cause nuisance or disorder in the community. Banks has been offered specialist support from the many services available to him across our region, but he refuses to engage with them. His actions and his unreasonable behaviour have been prolific in Sudbury and have affected local businesses, their staff and members of the public.

“We hope this result reassures the local community that we are taking action against individuals who persistently engage in antisocial behaviour."
