```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-19T16:29:05+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-19T16:29:05+01:00'
og:
  description: A 33 year old man has been jailed for three and half years for drug offences following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Beccles - Three and a half year sentence for drug offender
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-19T16:29:05+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-09-2018/beccles-three-and-half-year-sentence-drug-offender
title: Beccles - Three and a half year sentence for drug offender | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-09-2018/beccles-three-and-half-year-sentence-drug-offender
```

A 33 year old man has been jailed for three and half years for drug offences following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court.

Karl Taylor from Spencer Walk in Tilbury was found guilty by a jury following a four day trial for being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and possession of class B drug (cannabis).

21 year old Derrin Beavers of Gosford Road in Beccles was charged with being concerned in the supply of class A, class B drugs and possession of criminal property but was found not guilty in the same case.

On 23 April 2017 an attempted burglary took place at the Beccles amateur sailing club. Enquiries led police to a property on Mulberry Close in the town and during a search of the house officers located Taylor asleep in a loft. Following a search of Taylor he was found to be in possession of class A drugs in a wrapped package located between his legs and quantity of cash in the region of £2,320 was also located in the property as well as various drug paraphernalia.

Beavers was arrested a few days later on 4 May in connection with the incident on suspicion of possession with intent to supply class A and B drugs

DC Richard Last from Lowestoft CID said: “Taylor in his interview whilst in custody provided a ‘no comment’ interview and refused to accept any responsibility for is involvement in the crime, yet the jury in the case were able to find him guilty on both counts which is very satisfying to see.

“With support from the public who provide us with intelligence about suspect activity in their communities, we will continue to focus our energies on disrupting drug production and supply activity. The supply and dealing of illegal drugs will not be tolerated and residents can be reassured that any information passed to police will be acted on.”

Anyone who suspects that drug use and dealing is taking place in their locality should contact police on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
