```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-15T11:28:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-14T13:31:47+01:00'
og:
  description: A 29-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed after admitting the rape of an elderly woman.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mut_radu_-_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed after admitting the rape of an elderly woman
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-15T11:28:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-09-2017/man-jailed-after-admitting-rape-elderly-woman
title: Man jailed after admitting the rape of an elderly woman | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-09-2017/man-jailed-after-admitting-rape-elderly-woman
```

A 29-year-old man from Ipswich has been jailed after admitting the rape of an elderly woman.

Radu Mut, of Norwich Road, Ipswich, initially denied the offence, but later changed his plea to guilty. He appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Thursday 14 September, where he was sentenced to seven years and six months’ imprisonment. He was also given an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order and ordered to sign on the sexual offenders register indefinitely.

Mut’s crimes took place overnight, at some point between 10pm on Sunday 4 June and 7am on Monday 5 June.

The victim, a woman in her 70s and a resident at a care home in east Suffolk, was subjected to a series of sexual advances by Mut who was working as a care assistant at the time.

Whilst he was assisting the victim in taking a shower, he began to make advances on her which she asked him not to do and then forced himself on the victim and raped her.

The victim reported the offences to care staff on Monday 5 June and police were called. Mut was arrested later that same day.

Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland said: "This is a particularly horrific incident on a vulnerable woman for whom Radu Mut should have been providing care.

"He violated his position of authority and trust in the most horrific way and the effect this abuse has had on his victim, who has been extremely brave in reporting the offences and seeing this case through to its conclusion, should not be underestimated. I would also like to thank the care staff for their help in bringing this man to justice.

"Suffolk Constabulary’s Protecting Vulnerable People Directorate – assisted by our partner agencies - works tirelessly to support victims and witnesses through every step of the process, from the time of reporting right through to trial and beyond. Our objective is to ensure that we get the justice they deserve and to protect the public from dangerous and predatory sexual offenders.”
