```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-07T11:16:57+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-07T11:16:57+01:00'
og:
  description: A week of action by the Safer Neighbouhood Team (SNT) took place last week in the Southern Area of Suffolk, focusing on crime and anti-social behaviour with a particular focus on issues taking place in the evenings. The week of action has yielded very positive results.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policejackets485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Positive results after SNT week of action
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-07T11:16:57+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/positive-results-after-snt-week-action
title: Positive results after SNT week of action | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/positive-results-after-snt-week-action
```

A week of action by the Safer Neighbouhood Team (SNT) took place last week in the Southern Area of Suffolk, focusing on crime and anti-social behaviour with a particular focus on issues taking place in the evenings. The week of action has yielded very positive results.

Having listened to community concerns regarding issues that take place specifically in the evening hours, a proactive week from 26 September to 2 October was organised. This saw officers from the SNT teams of Hadleigh, West Ipswich, Central Ipswich, East Ipswich and Woodbridge and Felixstowe, combined with the roads policing and firearms unit working closely together to tackle anti-social behaviour and crime across the Southern area. Extra patrols of uniformed officers were organised in the relevant areas.

In Ipswich Central a large number of car parks and priority locations were patrolled for anti-social behaviour. The roads policing unit dealt with a number of drivers in the Grafton Way, Cardinal Park area. Two fixed penalty notices (FPN) were given for excessive speed and one for a worn tyre. Three traffic offence reports (TORs) were given for excess speed, 19 were given for mobile phone use, five for excessive speed, eight for failing to wear a seatbelt, one for no motor insurance, one for a vehicle being in a dangerous condition, one for no valid MoT and one for driving licence offence. Seven notices were given for other vehicle faults, 13 verbal warnings were given for speed and one vehicle was seized.

Waterfront patrols were also carried out and a small amount of alcohol was confiscated. Officers responded to reports of children damaging some fencing.

Extra evening patrols were undertaken in Ipswich West sector including Galway Road and the Dale Hall Lane area in response to concerns regarding anti-social behaviour such as litter bins being pushed over and issues outside a licensed premises. A number of people were spoken to in connection with these incidents.

In the Ipswich East areas patrols were conducted including in Martlesham where eight motorcycles and 14 cars were removed from a carpark that were being driven in an anti-social manner. In the Broadlands Way and Holywells Road area of Ipswich a number of other drivers were spoken to and advice given to groups of young people in the vicinity. Some attention was given to priority speeding locations during the day, and a Community Protection Notice was issued to an individual causing concern to authorities.

Officers undertook extra patrols in response to burglary concerns in Felixstowe sector and also visited the sea front and Martello Park areas in the evenings.

In the Woodbridge area burglary patrols took place during the day, and in the evenings officers attended locations where there have been reports of vehicles being used antisocially.

In Hadleigh, visits were made to Pykenham Park, Nayland and Stoke Recreation ground, Bramford village and other rural locations where there had been recent reports of antisocial behaviour.

Speaking after the week of action, Inspector Kevin Horton said, "This highly visible, targeted work has focussed on neighbourhood priorities and issues of current concern for local people. We service these issues routinely, however having a week of action has helped focus our resources to be as effective as possible.”
