```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-17T15:53:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-17T15:52:39+00:00'
og:
  description: "Following three distraction thefts at cash machines in Haverhill recently, officers are reminding residents to be aware of security issues when withdrawing cash from a cashpoint.In all three thefts, the offenders distracted the victims while they were in the middle of a transaction, stealing the victims\u2019 bank cards in the process."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Haverhill - distraction thefts at cashpoint machines
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-17T15:53:44+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-01-2018/haverhill-distraction-thefts-cashpoint-machines
title: Haverhill - distraction thefts at cashpoint machines | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-01-2018/haverhill-distraction-thefts-cashpoint-machines
```

Following three distraction thefts at cash machines in Haverhill recently, officers are reminding residents to be aware of security issues when withdrawing cash from a cashpoint.

In all three thefts, the offenders distracted the victims while they were in the middle of a transaction, stealing the victims’ bank cards in the process.

On Thursday 11 January at approximately 7.30am, an elderly man was using the ATM at Lloyds Bank in the High Street, was distracted by two males who stated that the man’s bank card had been ‘eaten’ by the cashpoint machine. The bank card was then taken by one of the males and subsequently used to remove funds from the man’s account.

On Saturday 13 January at approximately 10.05am, a male suspect distracted an elderly woman at the cashpoint machine outside the Sainsbury’s store on Haycocks Road with a piece of paper, stealing her bank card in the process. There were possibly two males involved in this crime.

The third incident also took place at the same Sainsbury’s supermarket on Saturday 13 January, at approximately 5.40pm. A woman in her 40s was using the cashpoint machine when a white male wearing a blue baseball cap and a ‘puffa’ jacket grabbed her arm and tried to distract her with a piece of paper. She then realised that he had taken her bank card and later found that funds had been withdrawn from another cashpoint machine.

Anyone who witnessed any of these incidents or has any knowledge of them should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting crime references 2580/18 (11 January) 2493/18 and 2499/18 (13 January) or use the online link http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/report-something. Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Cash machines are an ideal opportunity for thieves to steal withdrawn funds/cards or record your pin number to gain access to your account.

There are a number of things you can do to protect your card when withdrawing cash from a cash machine.

Suffolk Police advise:
• Avoid using a cash point late at night or in a deserted street
• Leave the cash point as soon as you have completed the transaction
• Cover your pin when entering it so that no one else can see it
• Never count money in the street, put it away immediately
• Be aware of your surroundings
• Thieves use portable devices, which are attached to the outside of the cash machines to clone your cash card. The devices give the normal appearance of a machine frontage and are simply stuck onto the machine.

Cameras are also used, often hidden in leaflet holders. Check for anything abnormal or suspicious, and if you have any doubt use another machine.

Thieves can operate in groups at cash machines using diversionary tactics, i.e. tapping you on the shoulder and asking if you have dropped some money while a second person takes your card and/or money. Be alert of who is around you. Cover your pin and always opt to use the cash machines inside the branch or business premises if possible.
