```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-17T10:21:05+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-12T11:47:16+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating after a woman reported being raped in Ipswich now believe the offence did not take place.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Upper Brook St reported rape - Update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-17T10:21:05+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-08-2018/ipswich-upper-brook-st-reported-rape-update
title: Ipswich - Upper Brook St reported rape - Update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-08-2018/ipswich-upper-brook-st-reported-rape-update
```

Police investigating after a woman reported being raped in Ipswich now believe the offence did not take place.

Detectives conducted further enquiries into the sexual assault which was reported as taking place in the early hours of Sunday 12 August in Ipswich in an alleyway off Upper Brook Street.

These enquiries included reviewing extensive CCTV footage, interviewing witnesses, and also speaking at length to the woman who reported the incident. Through this work, police have now been able to reassure the woman that no crime took place as reported in this location.

Police would like to thank the public for their assistance and would reiterate that all reports of this type are taken very seriously and thoroughly investigated.

Officers are continuing to work with the woman who made contact with them.

## Previous release | 12 August 2018

Police have launched an investigation following a report of rape on a woman in Ipswich.

The incident took place in the early hours of this morning (Sunday 12 August) and was reported to police at about 4am.

The victim, a woman in her mid-20s, was walking through Tacket Street car par, went to walk through the alleyway to Upper Brook Street when a man called out to her. She was then grabbed by the hair, pulled into the alleyway where she was raped.

Trained specialist officers and police staff continue to work with the victim whilst extensive enquiries are ongoing in the local area to identify the person responsible.

A cordon on the alleyway between the Tacket Street car park and Upper Brook Street remains in place. The suspect is described as of Asian appearance and was wearing a grey hooded top.

DCI Angus Moir said: "This was an extremely distressing and horrific attack on the victim which has left her severely traumatised.

"I would appeal to anyone who may have witnessed or heard this attack, or who may have seen a man acting suspiciously in, or walking towards, the Upper Brook Street or Tacket Street area of town in the early hours of Sunday morning to get in touch with police as a matter of urgency.

"I would like to reassure the community that our officers are doing all they can, however, we need help from members of the public who may have been in Ipswich in the early hours of this morning and have vital information to assist with the investigation."

Anyone with any information, or who may have been in the area at the time is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting crime number 37/45741/18. Alternatively contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
