```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-05T19:32:24+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-03T17:00:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "A new team dedicated to tackling criminal and ASB challenges that emerge in a particular area had a productive time in Beccles over the weekend.The Neighbourhood Crime Proactive team or Kestrel team supports the force\u2019s capability to address crime and associated anti-social behaviour across the county in apparent \u2018hotspots\u2019. They also support local policing priorities in an area and help tackle issues and concerns which local communities have raised to local officers."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/kestrel.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Kestrel team provides reassurance in Beccles
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-05T19:32:24+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kestrel-team-provides-reassurance-beccles
title: Kestrel team provides reassurance in Beccles | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kestrel-team-provides-reassurance-beccles
```

A new team dedicated to tackling criminal and ASB challenges that emerge in a particular area had a productive time in Beccles over the weekend.

The Neighbourhood Crime Proactive team or Kestrel team supports the force’s capability to address crime and associated anti-social behaviour across the county in apparent ‘hotspots’. They also support local policing priorities in an area and help tackle issues and concerns which local communities have raised to local officers.

On Saturday (31 Oct) and Sunday (1 Nov) the Kestrel team conducted extensive patrols of Beccles including the train station, the local skate park, the car park at Tesco and town centre. The team were in Beccles in response to concerns raised by the public after reports of intimidating anti-social behaviour, some of which is linked to the anti-social use of motor vehicles. The team’s extensive engagement around the town with the public also enabled them to secure valuable intelligence and information on other suspected crimes and anti-social behaviour that had recently taken place.

One male, aged 15, was also arrested following a Misuse of Drugs Act search conducted in the Northgate area of the town. During the search, a small amount of suspected cannabis was located along with a number of clear grip seal bags and scales. The male was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He was subsequently released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Sgt Kelvin Wenden from the Kestrel Team said: "The weekend spent in Beccles was extremely productive in providing reassurance, visibility as well as a great opportunity to gather valuable intelligence for future operational activity and potential arrests. During our visit to Tesco car park we received positive responses from staff regarding our presence, as well as members of the public thanking us for our time in the area.

"Our work over the weekend in Beccles shows how we are able to dynamically deploy into a particular area for a period of time to target crime and work alongside the relevant local policing team and respond to community concerns.”

The funding for the seven officer strong Kestrel team has come from finance provided by Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner’s 4.69% increase to the policing element of council tax precept for this financial year. This rise will ensure the force continues to robustly tackle emerging criminality and will strengthen the force’s proactive capability to respond to community concerns."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk Tim Passmore said: "I’m so pleased to see our new Kestrel team making such an impact in Beccles – this is exactly what we wanted.

"The funding of these officers has come from some of the policing precept in this council tax and I hope people will see that their extra funding really is making a difference. As the name suggests, this team has been brought together to swoop into areas where additional resource is required to deal with issues affecting communities, working alongside local policing teams.

"I think the success over the weekend speaks for itself.”
