```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-19T09:25:08+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-15T09:37:56+01:00'
og:
  description: A 39-year-old man has been charged in connection with two armed robbery incidents at business premises in Bury St Edmunds.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged with armed robberies
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-19T09:25:08+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/armed-robbery-business-premises
title: Man charged with armed robberies | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/armed-robbery-business-premises
```

A 39-year-old man has been charged in connection with two armed robbery incidents at business premises in Bury St Edmunds.

The first incident took place at around 7.25pm on Wednesday 14 September in West Road, where a man wearing a bandana over his face entered the building holding what appeared to be a gun inside a plastic bag and took an amount of cash after demanding money from the till.

The second incident occurred at around 2.40pm yesterday, Saturday 17 September, at a store in Glastonbury Road, where a man wearing a mask entered the premises with what was purported to be a gun inside a bag and demanded money from the till.

The victim refused to hand over any money and the suspect then ran away. Police were called and around twenty minutes later arrested a man in connection with the incident.

Matthew Eke, of Ashwell Road, Bury St Edmunds, has subsequently been charged with the following offences:

\- One count of robbery and one count of possessing an imitation firearm, in respect of the incident at the business in West Road

\- One count of attempted robbery and one count of possessing an imitation firearm, in respect of the incident at the store in Glastonbury Road

He was also charged with two counts of theft in connection with two stolen Dyson vacuums, following incidents occurring at the same supermarket in Bedingfeld Way on 6 September and 14 September

Eke has been remanded in custody and will appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Monday 19 September.

## Previous Releases

Police are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery at a business premises in Bury St Edmunds.

The incident took place at around 7.25pm yesterday evening, Wednesday 14 September, at the location in West Road.

A man entered the building holding what appeared to be a gun inside a plastic bag and demanded money from the till. An amount of cash was handed over and he then left via the rear of the building, running off in the direction of Westbury Avenue.

No one was harmed during this incident.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this crime, is asked to contact Bury St Edmunds CID on **101** quoting reference 55538/16, or Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**.
