```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-29T14:54:42+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-29T14:48:00+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have each been jailed for 22 months for causing grievous bodily harm after an incident in Lowestoft.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/shaneborrett-wallyallgood-website.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Two men jailed for GBH"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-29T14:54:42+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-06-2020/lowestoft-two-men-jailed-gbh
title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Two men jailed for GBH | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-06-2020/lowestoft-two-men-jailed-gbh
```

Two men have each been jailed for 22 months for causing grievous bodily harm after an incident in Lowestoft.

Police were called on Saturday 11 January at 5:50pm by a member of the public, reporting that an injured man had been found near a stairwell in a block of flats on Stanley Street in the town. The victim, in his 40s, was taken to hospital for treatment. He had sustained 3 broken ribs, a laceration to the liver, a broken nose, back and facial injuries.

Detectives began an investigation into the circumstances of the incident and the following day, Sunday 12 January, arrested 43-year-old Wally Allgood of Stanley Street. He was taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre and subsequently charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

A second man, 32-year-old Shane Borrett of no fixed address was arrested on Tuesday 21 January in connection with the assault and charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

The victim met Allgood and Borrett earlier in the day and all three men went to a flat on Stanley Street. They spent the afternoon drinking together and then an altercation took place in which the victim was punched and kicked by the defendants. The victim tried to leave the flat and was grabbed and then pushed down the communal stairs. A member of the public found the barely conscious victim and called emergency services. The man had sustained 3 broken ribs, a laceration to the liver, a broken nose, back and facial injuries and was taken to hospital for treatment which required surgery. He is still recovering from of the effects of the assault.

Allgood and Borrett pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm when they appeared before Ipswich Crown Court and on Friday 26 June they were each sentenced to 22 months imprisonment and given a five year restraining order against the victim.

Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Constable Matthew Fox said, "This was a callous and sustained attack on a vulnerable man unable to defend himself. The effects of this unprovoked attack remain with the victim who is thankful to the police for bringing those responsible to justice.”

## Previous release | 22 January 2020

Two men have been charged with causing grievous bodily harm after an incident in Lowestoft.

Police were called on Saturday 11 January at 5:50pm by a member of the public, reporting that an injured man had been found near a stairwell in a block of flats on Stanley Street in the town. The victim, in his 40s, was taken to hospital for treatment. He had sustained 3 broken ribs, a laceration to the liver, a broken nose, back and facial injuries.

Detectives began an investigation into the circumstances of the incident and the following day, Sunday 12 January, arrested a 42-year-old man Wally Allgood of Stanley Street. He was taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre and subsequently charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent.

A second man, 32-year-old Shane Borrett of no fixed address was arrested yesterday, Tuesday 21 January in connection with the assault and charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent. Borrett appeared before Norwich Magistrates Court, today 22 January and has been bailed to Ipswich Crown Court on 19 February.

Allgood appeared before Norwich Magistrates Court on 14 January and is next due to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on 11 February.
