```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-29T12:16:43+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-29T12:16:43+01:00'
og:
  description: A 27-year-old man has been jailed for 15 years after being found guilty of a series of rapes and indecent ass
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/garnham_karl_0.jpeg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for sexual offences - Felixstowe
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-29T12:16:43+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-09-2017/man-jailed-sexual-offences-felixstowe
title: Man jailed for sexual offences - Felixstowe | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-09-2017/man-jailed-sexual-offences-felixstowe
```

A 27-year-old man has been jailed for 15 years after being found guilty of a series of rapes and indecent assaults on young girls.

Karl Garnham, formerly from the Grange Farm Avenue area of Felixstowe, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 25 May where he was found guilty of nine offences – four of them relating to sexual assaults of girls under 13 years old, three of rape and two of sexual activity with a child.

Garnham had pleaded not guilty, meaning his victims had to give evidence against him during the trial; however a jury found him guilty of all nine counts.

The charges relate to four girls, with offences dating back from 2003 to 2016 in the Felixstowe area.

Police were initially contacted in January 2016 to reports that a young girl had been sexually assaulted by Garnham a few months prior and an investigation was launched, during which a further three victims came forward.

He was back at Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 28 September, where he was given a 20-year sentence, comprising 15 years’ imprisonment and an extended licence period of a further five years. He was also given a Sexual Harm Prevention Order.

Detective Constable Hayley Kennedy from the Suffolk Police Safeguarding Unit said: "Whilst these offences began when Garnham was himself underage, he continued a disturbing catalogue of sexual abuse into adulthood which has had a significant effect on his victims.

"The victims, some of whom remain children, have been remarkably brave throughout this police investigation. I cannot take away what has happened to them but I hope that today’s result offers them some comfort in the knowledge that this man is now behind bars for his crimes against them.

"I hope, too, that it encourages other victims of sexual abuse to come forward and reassure them that we will always investigate any allegations of sexual abuse thoroughly and as a consequence bring offenders to justice.”
