```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-27T12:04:50+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-27T12:04:50+01:00'
og:
  description: Police in Suffolk have been targeting drivers of heavy goods vehicles as part of an operation which coincided with week-long seatbelt enforcement campaign.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/roads_policing_op_wyken_2017-8.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police use unmarked HGV to target drivers during seatbelt campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-27T12:04:50+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-use-unmarked-hgv-target-drivers-during-seatbelt-campaign
title: Police use unmarked HGV to target drivers during seatbelt campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-use-unmarked-hgv-target-drivers-during-seatbelt-campaign
```

Police in Suffolk have been targeting drivers of heavy goods vehicles as part of an operation which coincided with week-long seatbelt enforcement campaign.

As part of Operation Wyken, police were loaned a cab section of an HGV from Orwell Trucks which allowed officers to carry out patrols on the A14 and A12 targeting motorists including lorry drivers.

The cab, which was driven by a police officer, provides an ideal vantage point meaning officers can look into cabs of other lorry drivers or looking down at cars or vans.

During the operation Norfolk and Suffolk’s Roads Policing and Firearms Operation Units (RPFOU) and the Road Casualty Reduction Teams (RCRTs) stopped 148 vehicles for offences including 115 for seatbelt offences and 14 for using a mobile phone behind the wheel.

In addition, one driver was found not in proper control of a vehicle, two speeding, one insecure load, three vehicles were found with defective tyres, while tickets were also issued for vehicle defects and no insurance.

> **Sgt Julian Ditcham, who led the operation, said:** "Due to the physical height of commercial vehicles, it is often difficult for patrol officers to view into the cab and thereby detect offences such as using a mobile phone, which distracts drivers and increases their chances of being involved in a serious of fatal collision.
>
> "The HGV cab provides officers with an ideal vantage point to spot dangerous driving, either catching people using mobile phones or not wearing a seatbelt. This was a successful campaign and will be repeated in the future.
>
> "We would also offer our thanks to Orwell Trucks for supporting this road safety campaign.”

A further 50 drivers were given tickets for not wearing a seatbelt bring the total issued during the Europe-wide TISPOL campaign (13-19 March) to 165 in Suffolk.

Wearing a seatbelt can prevent many collision-related injuries and fatalities and it is compulsory drivers wear them, and ensure their passengers buckle-up too.

> **Suffolk Police and Crime Commission, Tim Passmore, said:** "I fully support the Constabulary’s campaign to crack down on irresponsible drivers who still refuse to buckle up whilst driving, but it amazes me that drivers should need to be reminded about something so obvious.
>
> "I spent an hour or two with the roads policing unit on a previous operation and was amazed at what you see when you are at eye level with another HGVs – it’s absolutely staggering. I can’t believe that professional drivers can risk their lives, and their livelihood, looking at their phones and not wearing seatbelts. It’s shocking.
>
> "Everyone knows you are more likely to die in a crash if you don't wear a seat belt, so I just can’t understand why anyone would flout this law.”

Seatbelts should be worn in any vehicle they are provided in, including buses and goods vehicles.

Anyone caught not wearing a seatbelt may be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action.
