```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-11T16:22:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-09T21:07:08+00:00'
og:
  description: A woman who died in a road traffic collision in Wattisfield at the weekend is being named by police as her family issue a tribute to her.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/joan_cawcutt.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Wattisfield \u2013 Victim of fatal collision named as family pay tribute"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-11T16:22:04+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-12-2017/wattisfield-%E2%80%93-victim-fatal-collision-named-family-pay-tribute
title: "Wattisfield \u2013 Victim of fatal collision named as family pay tribute | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-12-2017/wattisfield-%E2%80%93-victim-fatal-collision-named-family-pay-tribute
```

A woman who died in a road traffic collision in Wattisfield at the weekend is being named by police as her family issue a tribute to her.

Officers were called just before 3.55pm on Saturday 9 December, to reports of a two vehicle collision involving a black Ford Mondeo and a black Hyundai Getz on the A143 Bury Road, approximately 160 yards south of the Townhouse Lane junction.

Joan Cawcutt, aged 80, was a passenger in the Hyundai and sadly died at the scene.

 **Mrs Cawcutt’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:**

"Mrs Joan Cawcutt (born 14th July 1937), was a retired care home manager from Carlton Colville, Lowestoft, Suffolk (more recently of Brockdish in Norfolk).

"Widow of Raymond Francis Cawcutt and mother to Geoff, Christine and Pauline. Grandmother to Matthew, Rebecca, Rachel and Sarah and Great Grandmother to Samuel and Addelyn.

"Dear friend of Phyllis and many others. The most kindest and gentlest soul you could ever hope to meet. Cruelly taken from us on 9th December 2017. Will be sorely missed by many.

"Rest in Peace. Until we meet again.”

Following the collision, a 38–year-old woman from the Bury St Edmunds area was arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink or drugs. She has been questioned by officers and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 258 of 9 December.

## Previous release | 9 December 2017

A woman has died following a serious road traffic collision in Wattisfield.

Police were called just before 3.55pm this afternoon, Saturday 9 December, to reports of a two vehicle collision involving a black Ford Mondeo and a black Hyundai Getz on the A143.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance, but the female passenger of the Hyundai – a woman aged in her 80s – sadly died at the scene. The male driver of the Hyundai Getz and the female driver of the Ford Mondeo both received treatment for minor injuries.

A 38–year-old woman from the Bury St Edmunds area has subsequently been arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink or drugs. She has been taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The road was closed between the B1113 and Summer Road whilst a collision investigation took place, but reopened at 8.30pm.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 258 of 9 December.

## Previous release | 10 December 2017

A woman who was arrested following a fatal road traffic collision in Wattisfield has been released from police custody pending further enquiries.

Officers were called just before 3.55pm yesterday afternoon, Saturday 9 December, to reports of a two vehicle collision involving a black Ford Mondeo and a black Hyundai Getz on the A143 Bury Road, approximately 160 yards south of the Townhouse Lane junction.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance, but the female passenger of the Hyundai, an 80-year-old woman, sadly died at the scene. The male driver of the Hyundai Getz and the female driver of the Ford Mondeo both received treatment for minor injuries.

A 38–year-old woman from the Bury St Edmunds area was subsequently arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink or drugs. She was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and has now been released under investigation.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 258 of 9 December.
