```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-13T16:10:56+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-03T16:54:33+01:00'
og:
  description: A 26-year-old man has been reported for dangerous driving and other motoring offences following a road traffic collision in Ipswich this summer.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter9.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Motorcyclist reported for dangerous driving
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-10-13T16:10:56+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-08-2017/motorcyclist-reported-dangerous-driving
title: Motorcyclist reported for dangerous driving | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-08-2017/motorcyclist-reported-dangerous-driving
```

A 26-year-old man has been reported for dangerous driving and other motoring offences following a road traffic collision in Ipswich this summer.

The incident occurred at around 12pm on Thursday 2 August, in Heatherhayes, where a motorcycle collided with a parked Nissan Micra.

The rider of the motorcycle was flown by air ambulance to Addenbrooke’s Hospital having sustained a serious back injury. He is now out of hospital, but his injuries remain potentially life-changing.

He has subsequently been spoken to by police officers and reported for consideration of dangerous driving, along with a number of other motoring offences. A file will now be passed to the Crown Prosecution Service.

This follows the arrest of a 22-year-old man from Ipswich shortly the after the incident on 2 August. He was subsequently charged with four offences as follows:

\- Obstructing a constable in execution of his duty

\- Driving a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a licence

\- Driving without insurance

\- Driving whilst using a mobile phone

He appeared at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court Monday 21 August where he pleaded guilty to all four offences. He was given six penalty points, fined £280, ordered to pay costs of £40 and a victim surcharge of £30.

## Previous release | 3 August 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses following a road traffic collision in Ipswich.

The incident occurred at around 12pm yesterday, Thursday 2 August, in Heatherhayes, where a motorcycle collided with a parked Nissan Micra.

The rider of the motorcycle – a man aged in his 20s – was flown by air ambulance to Addenbrooke’s Hospital having sustained a serious back injury.

Officers are appealing for anyone who may have seen a yellow motocross bike being ridden around the Stoke Park and Chantry areas yesterday morning to make contact.

Any witnesses should call the PHQ Roads Policing & Firearms Operations Team on 101, quoting reference CAD 136 of 2 August.

Police investigating the collision arrested 22-year-old Thomas Porter, of Burrell Road, Ipswich, shortly the after the incident. He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and has subsequently been charged with four offences as follows:

 * Obstructing a constable in execution of his duty
 * Driving a motor vehicle otherwise than in accordance with a licence
 * Driving without insurance
 * Driving whilst using a mobile phone

He has been bailed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court Monday 21 August.
