```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-03T19:39:44+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-03T12:25:42+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are now able to issue further details to a robbery that took place in Woodbridge.The incident happened in the early hours of this morning (Saturday 3 February) at about 2.20am. The male victim, a man in his mid 20s, was walking home when he was confronted by three males near to the junction of Warwick Avenue and Bredfield Road.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/uniform_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Further information following Woodbridge robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-03T19:39:44+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-02-2018/further-information-following-woodbridge-robbery
title: Further information following Woodbridge robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-02-2018/further-information-following-woodbridge-robbery
```

Police are now able to issue further details to a robbery that took place in Woodbridge.

The incident happened in the early hours of this morning (Saturday 3 February) at about 2.20am. The male victim, a man in his mid 20s, was walking home when he was confronted by three males near to the junction of Warwick Avenue and Bredfield Road.

One of the males demanded money. After the victim refused the same male punched the victim in the face and he fell to the ground where his wallet containing cash was stolen. For a brief moment he lost consciousness and when he came to he had his wallet thrown back at him and saw the three males walk off along Bredfield Road in the direction of the A12. The victim then ran up Warwick Avenue and hid in the car park of the church and phoned in the incident to the police.

The victim didn’t sustain any serious injuries, but a short time later after police returned him home he felt dizzy and nauseous so he was taken to hospital for treatment to concussion. The suspect who assaulted the victim is described as white, in his late 20s, about five foot 11 inches to six foot tall, of strong build with a silver piercing in the right eyebrow and short brown, wavy hair which was styled upwards into a quiff and shorter at the sides.

He also had stubble, spoke with a strong Suffolk accent and was wearing a plain, shiny dark coloured jacket with a blue buttoned collared shirt underneath. He also wore dark coloured jeans and brown deck shoes.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw any suspicious behaviour at the time should contact Ipswich CID on 101 quoting crime reference 37/6510/18 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## 3 February 2018 I Previous Release

Police are appealing for witnesses to a robbery that took place in Woodbridge. The incident happened in the early hours of this morning (Saturday 3 February) at about 2.20am on Warwick Avenue. The male victim, a man in his mid 20s, was walking home when he was confronted by five males. He was then punched in the face and forced to the ground where his wallet containing cash was stolen. The victim then ran up Warwick Avenue and phoned in the incident to the police. The victim didn’t sustain any serious injuries. Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw any suspicious behaviour at the time should contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting crime reference 37/6510/18 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
