```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:09:12+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:09:12+01:00'
og:
  description: Police have arrested three men as part of proactive work to tackle the supply of drugs in the Leiston area.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three arrested in Leiston
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-30T10:09:12+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-arrested-leiston
title: Three arrested in Leiston | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-arrested-leiston
```

Police have arrested three men as part of proactive work to tackle the supply of drugs in the Leiston area.

Officers from the Scorpion proactive team were on patrol in the town on Tuesday and Wednesday to carry out work to target those suspected of involvement in dealing class A drugs.

An 18-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday, 23 August, on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply after being stopped and searched in Valley Road.

Billy Hunt, of Hillcrest in Knodishall, was taken into custody where he was interviewed and subsequently charged with being concerned in the supply of cocaine and possession of heroin with intent to supply. He has been bailed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court on September 13.

Following information received, a car was stopped in Harling Way in Leiston on Wednesday, 24 August. Two men inside the vehicle were detained for a drugs search. Officers also searched the car and discovered a large quantity of what are thought to be class A drugs as well as a black bag containing cannabis.

Both men –a 50-year-old and a 30-year-old - were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply controlled drugs.

Both were taken into custody at Martlesham where they were interviewed. The 50-year-old, from Leiston, was bailed to return to police on October 27, to allow further enquiries to be carried out.

Mark Ferguson, 30, of no fixed abode, was charged with possession of heroin with intent to supply, possession of cocaine with intent to supply and possession of cannabis. He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates yesterday, Thursday 25 August, and was remanded in custody ahead of his next court appearance on September 22.
