```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-08T14:25:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-08T13:35:14+00:00'
og:
  description: "One of Suffolk\u2019s dedicated volunteer police officers recently celebrated his 30th anniversary with the force."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/paul_booker_suffolk_constabulary_leading_a_carnival.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Special Constabulary \u2013 Volunteer officer celebrates 30th anniversary"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-08T14:25:28+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-01-2019/special-constabulary-%E2%80%93-volunteer-officer-celebrates-30th-anniversary
title: "Special Constabulary \u2013 Volunteer officer celebrates 30th anniversary | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-01-2019/special-constabulary-%E2%80%93-volunteer-officer-celebrates-30th-anniversary
```

One of Suffolk’s dedicated volunteer police officers recently celebrated his 30th anniversary with the force.

Temporary Special Superintendent Paul Booker reached the milestone on Thursday 29 November after completing over three decades of service with Suffolk Constabulary and the Metropolitan Police.

49-year-old Paul was inspired to volunteer from a young age but it wasn’t until 1989 that he began his career as a special constable for the Metropolitan Police at New Scotland Yard.

He said: “It was a very daunting experience, being only 18 and in front of so many highly decorated ranking officers. However, nothing prepared me for the first time I stepped out in full uniform with my new tunic and wooden truncheon.”

Paul’s duties varied over the years but he would often help with various large events and after a decade in the role, he was lucky enough to be given the opportunity to apply to become a special sergeant.

In 2006, after 17 years with the Met, Paul transferred to Suffolk Constabulary. He said: “From the very first time I walked into Lowestoft Police Station, I felt at home as both the regulars and specials were very welcoming but like most other counties, Suffolk has its challenges.”

A short time later, Paul applied to become a sergeant and within the year, another opportunity came up and he was asked to become an inspector at Lowestoft. He said: “I was honoured and privileged to become a special inspector after 20 years. It also had a fundamental positive impact on my career as I was promoted to regional manager in my day job within the construction industry.”

During the last 13 years, Paul has also actively assisted with recruitment evenings and tutoring new special constables. He said: “I found this to be a natural step, encouraging all specials to embrace their roles. So much so, that many of those volunteers have gone on to become regular officers.”

Paul has also previously been given a Stars of Suffolk Award for Outstanding Bravery, which he said was a very “humbling experience”. It was awarded following a serious accident he was involved in.

He said: “I was on duty as a passenger in a stationary police car, when a speeding drink driver crashed head-on into my passenger door at approximately 70 to 80mph. I sustained substantial injuries, which included various broken bones and internal injuries.”

After the accident, Paul used a wheelchair for over three months and needed to learn to walk again however, it didn’t stop him reporting for duty and while still in recovery, he continued to organise many events in Lowestoft.

Karen Harris, Specials, Volunteers and Cadets Manager said: "Paul is a credit to Suffolk’s Special Constabulary. He is an amazing role model and offers his support to all of his officers and is extremely well-respected by everyone who knows and works with him.

“Paul also assists my team with the recruitment of new special constables and his enthusiasm, knowledge and experience shines through. He has a wonderful ability to engage with people from all walks of life, giving them a realistic view of what becoming a special constable is all about.”

Paul’s supportive family and the balance of his duties with work and his personal life have all played a part in him sustaining a long career as a special. He said: “I would never have been able to complete three decades of service without the understanding and support from my friends and family.”

A number of Special Constabulary recruitment information events are being held in community hubs across the county:

Saturday 26 January, 2019 – 10am-1pm – Rifle Hall, London Road, Halesworth.

Monday 11 February, 2019 – 6.30pm – Suffolk Constabulary Headquarters, Portal Avenue, Martlesham Heath.

Saturday 23 February, 2019 – 10am-1pm – Southgate Community Centre, Caie Walk, Bury St Edmunds.

Saturday 16 March, 2019 – 10am – 1pm – King Georges Community Centre, King Georges Avenue, Leiston.

To confirm your attendance email, [email protected]

For more information, go to http://www.suffolk.police.uk/join-us/volunteers

## Gallery
