```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-11T08:14:04+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-11T08:13:46+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police in Suffolk will be targeting drivers and passengers who don\u2019t belt-up during a week-long enforcement campaign.Additional checks will be carried out as part of the Europe-wide TISPOL seatbelt enforcement initiative which begins on Monday and runs until the Sunday (11-17 Sept).Wearing a seatbelt can prevent many collision-related injuries and fatalities and it is compulsory drivers wear them, and ensure their passengers buckle-up too."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/seatbelt.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police target drivers who fail to belt-up
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-11T08:14:04+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-target-drivers-who-fail-belt-0
title: Police target drivers who fail to belt-up | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/police-target-drivers-who-fail-belt-0
```

Police in Suffolk will be targeting drivers and passengers who don’t belt-up during a week-long enforcement campaign.

Additional checks will be carried out as part of the Europe-wide TISPOL seatbelt enforcement initiative which begins on Monday and runs until the Sunday (11-17 Sept).

Wearing a seatbelt can prevent many collision-related injuries and fatalities and it is compulsory drivers wear them, and ensure their passengers buckle-up too.

Officers from the joint Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit will be conducting checks on motorists and their passengers across both counties. Those who are not wearing one could be fined or face further action.

During the last TISPOL campaign held in March of this year, 165 people in Suffolk were caught driving without a seatbelt. This total included 115 lorry drivers as the TISPOL campaign coincided with an operation targeting drivers of heavy goods vehicles.

Head of the Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, said: "Wearing seatbelt is such a basic piece of road safety advice that it is hard to believe some people still fail to belt-up.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "I fully support the Constabulary’s campaign to crack down on irresponsible drivers who still refuse to buckle up whilst driving, but it amazes me that drivers should need to be reminded about something so obvious.

"Everyone knows you are more likely to die in a crash if you don't wear a seat belt, so I just can’t understand why anyone would flout this law.”

Seatbelts should be worn in any vehicle they are provided in, including buses and goods vehicles.

Anyone caught not wearing a seatbelt may be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action.
