```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-29T15:54:06+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-09-11T00:02:26+01:00'
og:
  description: A 59-year-old man has been jailed for over 13 years after attempting to murder his wife at their home in Lowestoft last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/stephen_crush_forweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Man jailed for attempted murder of his wife"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-01-29T15:54:06+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-09-2019/lowestoft-man-jailed-attempted-murder-his-wife
title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Man jailed for attempted murder of his wife | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-09-2019/lowestoft-man-jailed-attempted-murder-his-wife
```

A 59-year-old man has been jailed for over 13 years after attempting to murder his wife at their home in Lowestoft last year.

Stephen Crush, of Victoria Road, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court today, Wednesday 29 January, where he was sentenced to 13 and a half years’ imprisonment. He had previously pleaded guilty to attempted murder at a hearing on Thursday 12 December.

Police were called by Crush himself at just after 11.35pm on Monday 9 September, when he informed the call taker that he had hit his wife with a hammer at their home in Victoria Road and he thought she may have died.

On arrival at the premises, officers discovered 39-year-old Sarah Crush inside the kitchen with a serious head injury. She was transported to Addenbrooke’s Hospital via air ambulance where she remained for several weeks, before subsequently being transferred to another hospital where she continues to receive treatment for her injuries.

Stephen Crush was arrested at the scene and charged the following day. The medical reports showed that the victim had sustained at least three blows to the head with a lump hammer.

In interview, Crush tried to justify his actions as a consequence of his own poor mental health and his belief that his wife had been poisoning his food. This mitigation was rejected by the court as there was no evidence to support these claims.

The court heard that Crush had a previous conviction for assaulting his wife, occurring in 2007.

It transpired that the attack had occurred while Sarah was cooking dinner and that after it took place, Stephen Crush went upstairs and sat in the bedroom, not calling emergency services until 11.35pm. This means his wife was left lying on the kitchen floor for potentially a number of hours before he made the call for assistance.

> Detective Chief Inspector Caroline Millar, the Senior Investigating Officer, said: “This was an horrendous act of violence for which Stephen Crush has been unable to offer any proper explanation. Sarah has been left with potentially life-threatening and life-changing injuries that require 24-hour care and are so severe, she is unlikely to ever recover from them.
>
> “Having struck Sarah on the head once with a heavy implement - which is used for construction work – Crush then hit her at least two more times, at which point she would have been vulnerable and completely defenceless. He then effectively left her for dead by going upstairs for the rest of the evening whilst she remained unconscious on the kitchen floor, before finally contacting emergency services.
>
> “This was a spontaneous act and a violation of trust and security against his wife, and in using the lump hammer to strike her multiple times he caused extensive damage to her skull.
>
> “Not only has this destroyed the life of a 39-year-old woman, but as with most cases of domestic violence, there has been a significant impact on the immediate family too.
>
> “Although we are satisfied that justice has been delivered, there are no winners in these situations, and I can only hope that Sarah’s condition improves over time and that the pain for the family members who have been left devastated by this incident gradually eases.”

Anyone with concerns regarding domestic violence - for example involving a friend or loved one - and who needs any help or advice, can contact police by dialling 101, or calling the national domestic violence helpline on 0808 2000 247. Alternatively visit the following page on our website here

Are you a victim of domestic violence and abuse? Call the 24-hour National Domestic Violence Freephone Helpline: 0808 2000 247.

Are you hurting the one you love? Choose to stop. The Respect Phone line: 0808 802 4040.

If you believe there is an immediate risk of harm to someone, or a crime is in progress, always call police on 999.

## Previous release | 13 December 2019

A 59-year-old man has been convicted of attempted murder after attacking his wife at their home in Lowestoft earlier this year.

Stephen Crush, of Victoria Road, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Thursday 12 December, where he pleaded guilty to attempted murder.

Police were called just after 11.35pm on Monday 9 September, to reports that a woman had been assaulted at a property in Victoria Road.

On arrival at the premises, officers discovered Crush’s 39-year-old wife inside who had suffered a serious head injury. She was transported to Addenbrooke’s Hospital via air ambulance and has recently been transferred to another hospital where she continues to receive treatment for her injuries and remains in a stable condition.

Stephen Crush was arrested at the scene and charged the following day. He has been remanded in custody pending a sentencing hearing to be held at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 29 January 2020.

## Previous release | 10 September 2019 - 11.55pm

A 59-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder following an incident in Lowestoft.

Police were called just after 11.35pm last night, Monday 9 September, to reports a woman had been attacked at a property in Victoria Road.

On arrival at the premises, officers discovered a woman in her 30’s inside who had suffered a serious head injury. She was transported to Addenbrooke’s Hospital via air ambulance where she remains in a critical condition.

Stephen Crush from Lowestoft was subsequently arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

This evening, Tuesday 10 September, Stephen Crush has been charged with attempted murder and is due to appear before Norwich Magistrates Court on Wednesday 11 September.

Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call the Major Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference 54560/17, or alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 10 September 2019 - 3am

A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following an incident in Lowestoft.

Police were called just after 11.35pm last night, Monday 9 September, to reports a woman had been attacked at a property in Victoria Road.

On arrival at the premises, officers discovered a woman inside who had suffered a serious head injury. She has been transported to Addenbrooke’s Hospital via air ambulance and is in a critical condition.

A 59-year-old man was subsequently arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and has been taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning.
