```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-05T16:23:13+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-05T16:15:49+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been convicted after a serious stabbing incident in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/choudhury.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men convicted after Ipswich stabbing
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-05T16:23:13+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-10-2018/two-men-convicted-after-ipswich-stabbing
title: Two men convicted after Ipswich stabbing | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-10-2018/two-men-convicted-after-ipswich-stabbing
```

Two men have been convicted after a serious stabbing incident in Ipswich.

Tahim Chowdhury, (depicted on the right) 21, of no fixed address and a 17 year old teenager, who cannot be named because of his age, were charged with grievous bodily harm in October 2017 following the incident on two teenagers, who were 17 at the time.

Chowdhury was sentenced to four years in prison plus three years on extended licence, while the 17 year old received an 18 month youth referral and supervision order, 120 hours of unpaid community work and a three month curfew after they were appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today (Friday 5 October).

It follows a court case in August where Chowdhury, pleaded guilty on 21st August to two counts of unlawful wounding, after earlier pleading not guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent.

He also pleaded guilty in August to possession of an offensive weapon.

The 17 year-old teenager who had denied wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm at the earlier court case, instead pleaded guilty to an alternative offence of affray at the August 21st court hearing.

The incident happened on Whitland Close in Ipswich on the 3 October 2016 at about 9.15pm when the two victims were approached by Chowdhury and the then 15 year old teenager who had both made a concerted effort to hide their true identities.

Chowdhury approached the victim in the street outside his house and produced a knife which had been likened to the knife from the movie "Scream”, he then attacked one of the 17 year old victims stabbing him in the back as he attempted to run to safety.

The other 17 year old then intervened to try and help his friend. Both were left with serious injuries after both offenders then fled the scene.

One of the victims sustained a deep wound to his upper left back/chest area causing significant trauma to the chest, while the second victim sustained a stab wound to the rear of his head and a slash across the width of his palm. Both lost a considerable amount of blood in the incident.

Both the victims were taken to Ipswich hospital for treatment. The first victim attacked was found to have a perforated diaphragm which required surgery at Addenbrookes Hospital, while the second victim had seven stitches in a cut on the back of his head. He also received additional stitches to a serious wound inflicted to his hand.

DC Ian Stockwell said: "This was an extremely vicious and violent attack on the two victims who were known to the perpetrators. It must have been terrifying for victims to have endured such a deplorable and cowardly act of violence against them.

"It is no understatement to suggest that both can consider themselves very lucky not to have been more seriously injured or possibly killed as a result of this evil act. I hope that this sends a clear message to those that habitually carry knives that no stone will be left unturned to bring them to justice.

Southern Area Commander which includes Ipswich Supt. Kerry Cutler said: "We will continue to take action against those involved in violence and ensure that they are put before the courts. I’d take this opportunity to repeat what I said in September as part of Op Sceptre knife campaign - we urge parents and carers to talk to their children about the dangers of carrying knives and the terrible impact that knife crime can have on them, their friends, their family and their community.”

For more information and advice regarding #HavingTheConversation

http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/personal-safety/knife-crime/having-conversation
And for general information on knife crime:
http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/personal-safety/knife-crime

## Gallery
