```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-26T12:43:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-26T12:43:35+01:00'
og:
  description: "Ten people have been arrested, quantities of drugs were seized and around \xA37,000 in cash has been recovered during a week of action focused on targeting drug supply in Lowestoft."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ten arrested after week of action in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-26T12:43:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ten-arrested-after-week-action-lowestoft
title: Ten arrested after week of action in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ten-arrested-after-week-action-lowestoft
```

Ten people have been arrested, quantities of drugs were seized and around £7,000 in cash has been recovered during a week of action focused on targeting drug supply in Lowestoft.

Two boys aged 16 and 17 and two men aged 54 and 38 years of age were arrested for possession with intent to supply Class A drugs or being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs. All have now been released under investigation.

Following a report of a burglary in Beccles on 23 April officers attended an address in the town, searched the premises and arrested three people; a 37 year old man, a 17 year old boy and a 19 year old woman. All were arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply Class A drugs and cannabis, money laundering and burglary. All three have been released under investigation in relation to these offences.

Two men were arrested for cultivation of cannabis following the discovery of a cannabis factory inside a Lowestoft house. The men aged 28 and 43 years of age have been released under investigation. Further searches at different premises in the town were then carried out resulting in the recovery of cash and other drugs.

Officers carried out eight stop searches, with three of them proving positive.

A sixteen year old boy was arrested and charged with possession of cannabis.

During a number of these arrests and searches people were found in possession of quantities of cash which was seized by police. These individuals will also be investigated for offences under the Proceeds of Crime Act.

Officers from the East Suffolk Scorpion team led by Sgt Mark Cotton were supported during the week by uniform colleagues and officers from within CID.

Detective Inspector Matthew Adams from Lowestoft CID said, "We will continue to take robust action to tackle the supply of Class A drugs into the town and will act upon information provided by the public concerning any suspicious activity reported. Do contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101 or you can always get in touch with the charity Crimestoppers.”

Crimestoppers is an independent charity that takes information about crime completely anonymously through the **0800 555 111** phone line or Anonymous Online Form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
