```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-10-08T14:54:46+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-31T16:43:13+01:00'
og:
  description: A 38-year-old woman has been charged in connection with a serious road traffic collision in Alpheton.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter9.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Alpheton \u2013 Woman charged after fatal collision"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-10-08T14:54:46+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/31-08-2018/alpheton-woman-charged-after-fatal-collision
title: "Alpheton \u2013 Woman charged after fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/31-08-2018/alpheton-woman-charged-after-fatal-collision
```

A 38-year-old woman has been charged in connection with a serious road traffic collision in Alpheton.

Officers were called just after 11.30am on Friday 31 August 2018 to reports of a collision involving a blue Mini Cooper and a gold BMW 325i on the A134 between Alpheton and Lawshall.

The Mini was travelling northbound from Alpheton in the direction of Bury St Edmunds when the collision occurred, with the BMW travelling southbound in the opposite direction.

Regina Brook - known as Gina - aged 79, from Bures Hamlet, and who was the front seat passenger in the BMW, died at the scene.

Bruno Delmonte, aged 69, from Great Henny, and who was the driver of the BMW, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital with life-threatening injuries, where he later died.

The driver of the Mini – a woman aged in her 30s – was also taken to hospital after sustaining life-changing injuries.

Following a police investigation into the circumstances of the collision, the driver of the Mini, Rebecca Beswick, 38, of Old Croxton Road, Thetford, Norfolk, was summonsed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Tuesday 8 October, where she was charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving.

She is next due to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 5 November.

## Previous release | 10 September 2018

Two people from north Essex who died following a serious road traffic collision in Alpheton at the end of last month are being named by police.

Officers were called just after 11.30am on Friday 31 August to reports of a collision involving a blue Mini Cooper and a gold BMW 325i on the A134 between Alpheton and Lawshall.

The Mini was travelling northbound from Alpheton in the direction of Bury St Edmunds when the collision occurred, with the BMW travelling southbound in the opposite direction.

Regina Brook - known as Gina - aged 79, from Bures Hamlet, and who was the front seat passenger in the BMW died at the scene.

Bruno Delmonte, aged 69, from Great Henny, and who was the driver of BMW, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital with life-threatening injuries, where he later died.

The driver of the Mini – a woman aged in her 30s - remains in a serious condition in hospital having sustained potentially life-changing injuries.

Police are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to the collision, or anyone who saw the manner of driving of either of the vehicles beforehand. Officers would also be interested in hearing from anyone with any dash cam footage of the A134 between Sudbury and Bury St Edmunds prior to 11.30am on Friday 31 August.

Anyone with information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Stowmarket on 101, quoting reference CAD 131 of 31 August 2018.

## Previous release | 3 September 2018

A second person has died following a road traffic collision in Alpheton on Friday.

Police were called just after 11.30am to reports of a collision involving a Mini Cooper and a BMW on the A134 between Alpheton and Lawshall. The Mini was travelling northbound from Alpheton in the direction of Bury St Edmunds when the collision occurred and the BMW was travelling from Bury St Edmunds southbound towards Alpheton.A woman in her 70s died at the scene and a man in his 60s was taken to Addenbrooke’s hospital with life-threatening injuries, where he sadly died.

A third person remains in hospital in a serious condition with life-changing injuries.

The road was closed in both directions following the collision.

Police are appealing for any witnesses to the collision or anyone who saw the manner of driving of either of the vehicles beforehand. Officers would also be interested in hearing from anyone with any dash cam footage of the A134 between Sudbury and Bury St Edmunds prior to 11.30am on Friday 31 August.

Anyone with information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Stowmarket on 101, quoting incident reference number 131 of Friday 31 August 2018.

## Previous release | 31 August 2018

A woman in her 70s has died and two other people have suffered serious injuries following a road traffic collision in Alpheton this morning.

Police were called just after 11.30am to reports of a collision involving a BMW and a Mini on the A134 between Alpheton and Lawshall.

Two other people, a man and a woman, were taken to Addenbrooke’s hospital, one with life threatening injuries and one with life changing injuries.

The road was closed in both directions following the collision and will remain closed during rush hour.

Police are appealing for any witnesses to the collision or anyone with any dashcam footage of this area at the time stated. Anyone with information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Stowmarket on 101, quoting incident reference number 131 of Friday 31 August 2018.
