```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-01T16:20:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-31T17:31:10+01:00'
og:
  description: An 18-year-old man has been charged with six offences following a police pursuit to the east of Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/trafficcarlights485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged with six offences following police pursuit
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-01T16:20:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-arrested-following-police-pursuit
title: Man charged with six offences following police pursuit | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-arrested-following-police-pursuit
```

An 18-year-old man has been charged with six offences following a police pursuit to the east of Ipswich.

At around 1.50pm yesterday, Thursday 31 August, officers had cause to request a blue Ford Focus to stop near to the junction of Main Road and Bell Lane in Kesgrave. The vehicle failed to do so, colliding with a police motorcycle before driving off down Bell Lane.

The vehicle was then pursued by police along Bell Lane, then into Monument Farm Lane, before being brought to a stop in Purdis Farm Lane where the driver decamped from the Ford Focus before being detained with the assistance of a member of the public, whose black BMW 3 Series was damaged during the incident.

Two teenagers were arrested by police in connection with this incident and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Charlie Newby, aged 18 and of no fixed abode in north Essex, has subsequently been charged with the following offences:

\- Dangerous driving

\- Driving whilst unfit through drugs

\- Driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence

\- Driving without insurance

\- Failing to stop for police

\- Criminal damage to a BMW 3 Series

He has been remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Saturday 2 September.

A 17-year-old boy from the Saxmundham area who was also arrested in connection with this incident has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

## Previous release | 31 August 2017

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a police pursuit on the eastern edge of Ipswich today, Thursday 31 August.

At around 1.50pm officers had cause to stop a vehicle on Bell Lane, Kesgrave. The blue Ford Focus car failed to stop and then collided with a police motorcycle before driving off. A short pursuit took place involving the police motorcyclist before the vehicle was brought to a stop on Purdis Farm Lane, Bucklesham. The Ford Focus was also involved in a minor colliision with another vehicle - a Black BMW. It is not thought that anybody was injured as a result of the incident.

The driver of the Ford Focus decamped from the vehicle but was then detained. The eighteen year- old-man of no fixed abode was arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent, possession of a knife/bladed article, possession with intent to supply class A drugs, money laundering, failing to stop, dangerous driving, driving without motor insurance, driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence and driving with excess drugs.

A 17 year old boy in the vehicle from the Saxmundham area, was arrested on suspicion of taking a motor vehicle without consent, possession of a firearm with intent, possession of a knife/bladed article and offensive weapon, possession with intent to supply class A drugs and money laundering.

Both have been brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned by detectives.

Anybody who witnessed any part of the incident or who has any information are asked to contact Police on **101** quoting reference CAD 175 of today, Thursday 31 August.
