```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-19T11:33:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-19T11:33:39+01:00'
og:
  description: "A 39 year old man has been jailed for four and a half years for burglary following a three day trial.Michael Harvey of no fixed abode was sentenced yesterday at Ipswich Crown Court (18 April) to 54 months in prison after pleading not guilty to attempted burglary on Burlington Road in Ipswich on 23 October, burglary at a property on Belstead Road on 24 October and burglary at a property on Handford Road on November 1.He was found guilty of the Belstead Road and Burlington Road crimes,\_and pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods from the Handford Road burglary."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/michaelharvey.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Burglar jailed for four and half years
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-19T11:33:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-04-2018/burglar-jailed-four-and-half-years
title: Burglar jailed for four and half years | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-04-2018/burglar-jailed-four-and-half-years
```

A 39 year old man has been jailed for four and a half years for burglary following a three day trial.

Michael Harvey of no fixed abode was sentenced yesterday at Ipswich Crown Court (18 April) to 54 months in prison after pleading not guilty to attempted burglary on Burlington Road in Ipswich on 23 October, burglary at a property on Belstead Road on 24 October and burglary at a property on Handford Road on November 1.

He was found guilty of the Belstead Road and Burlington Road crimes, and pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods from the Handford Road burglary.

The Belstead Road burglary saw a wallet containing bank cards and cash stolen, while in the Burlington Road attempted burglary Harvey was disturbed while attempting to break into the property by a neighbour in her garden. CCTV footage covering the car park of the nearby baptist church showed a male matching the description of Harvey climbing over the wall from Burlington Road and running through the car park.

The officer in charge of the investigation, Detective Constable Andy Barker of Ipswich CID said: "Harvey has a history of committing burglary at residential properties and this fact is reflected in the four and a half year sentence. His pleas demonstrated little remorse for his victims, and that he wished to diminish his responsibility for his crimes.

"I’d take this opportunity to remind people of some practical crime prevention tips to avoid becoming a victim of burglary, especially now the warmer weather has arrived.

"At this time of year, burglars know that many of us will want to open windows and doors to let the fresh air in, even when we’re in the garden, but offenders will be on the look-out for lapses in security, such as open doors and windows, particularly when valuables are left on display.”

Residents are reminded of the following tips and guidance to help keep their property secure:

LOCK
• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

LIGHT
• Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

HIDE
• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a bolted down safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.
