```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-24T15:00:02+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-17T16:12:36+01:00'
og:
  description: The death of a cyclist in Great Waldingfield last week was not caused by a road traffic collision, a police investigation has concluded.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/finch_leonard.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Update following death of cyclist in Great Waldingfield
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-24T15:00:02+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-05-2018/update-following-death-cyclist-great-waldingfield
title: Update following death of cyclist in Great Waldingfield | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-05-2018/update-following-death-cyclist-great-waldingfield
```

The death of a cyclist in Great Waldingfield last week was not caused by a road traffic collision, a police investigation has concluded.

Officers were called by the ambulance service just before 3pm on Thursday 17 May, to reports that a cyclist was in need of urgent medical attention after having potentially collided with a stationary lorry in Lavenham Road.

Leonard Finch, aged 86 and from Chilton, sadly died at the scene of the incident.

A post-mortem examination has determined that Mr Finch died of natural causes and police investigators are now satisfied that his death was not as a result of a collision.

## Previous release | 18 May 2018 8:15pm

Police are issuing a tribute from the family of 86-year-old Mr Leonard Finch of Chilton, near Sudbury, who sadly died at the scene following what may have been as a result of a collision in Lavenham Road, in Great Waldingfield, yesterday, Thursday 17 May.

**Family tribute:**

On 17th May 2018 we lost our Leonard, who tragically died whilst out on his bike.

Len was always a great help and inspiration to all of us. He was a founding member of Cycle Club Sudbury and an honouree member. He was always cheerful and friendly and would do anything for anyone - provided it was to do with cycling!

Leonard lived for his cycling, he raced throughout his life and was still breaking records into his 80s.

He was truly one of the greats.

RIP Leonard - you will be missed.

## Previous release | 18 May 2018

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses following the death of a cyclist in Great Waldingfield, near Sudbury.

Officers were called shortly before 3pm yesterday afternoon, Thursday 17 May, to reports that a cyclist may have collided with a stationary lorry in Lavenham Road.

The cyclist, a man aged in his 80s, sadly died at the scene and the police investigation into the circumstances is ongoing.

Officers would be keen to obtain any dash cam footage of anyone that was travelling on the B1071 between Lavenham and Sudbury between the times of 2:30pm and 3pm.

Any witnesses to this incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 221 of 17 May.

## Previous release | 17 May 2018

Police can confirm that a man has died after a road traffic collision this afternoon in Great Waldingfield, near Sudbury.

Officers were called shortly before 3pm today, Thursday 17 May, to reports of a collision between a lorry and a bicycle on Lavenham Road.

The cyclist, a man, was treated at the scene, but sadly died.

The road was closed in both directions to allow a serious collision investigation to take place but has since reopened.

Any witnesses to this incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 221 of 17 May.

## Previous release | 17 May 2018

Police are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision in Great Waldingfield near Sudbury.

Police were called shortly before 3pm this afternoon, Thursday 17 May, to reports of a collision between a lorry and a bicycle in Lavenham Road.

A road closure is currently in place in Lavenham Road. Motorists are advised to avoid the area if possible.

Any witnesses to this incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 221 of 17 May.
