```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-08T16:46:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-08T16:46:28+00:00'
og:
  description: "An operation to target criminals using Suffolk\u2019s roads has seen more than 60 vehicles stopped in Ipswich."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer_on_radio.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Multi-agency operation in Ipswich results in five arrests
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-08T16:46:28+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-02-2018/multi-agency-operation-ipswich-results-five-arrests
title: Multi-agency operation in Ipswich results in five arrests | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-02-2018/multi-agency-operation-ipswich-results-five-arrests
```

An operation to target criminals using Suffolk’s roads has seen more than 60 vehicles stopped in Ipswich.

Yesterday (Wednesday 7 February) officers from the Scorpion Teams, the Ipswich Neighbourhood Response Team, Specialist Operations including Suffolk and Norfolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operation Unit, the Road Casualty Reduction Team, Dog Unit, the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub, Drugs Team together with partner agencies DVSA, HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), Trading Standards, Vehicle and Operator Services Agency (VOSA), the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP), Boarder Force and Waste Management. The checks took place at Sainsbury’s Superstore on Hadleigh Road in Ipswich.

Five arrests were made after a total of 63 vehicles were escorted to the site for checks during the day.

The aim of the operation was to disrupt criminal activity, to catch those committing driving offences and to remove unsafe vehicles from the road, with fuel testing, drugs checks and vehicle examinations all being carried out.

Two drivers were arrested for drug driving offences, a third arrested for drug driving and on suspicion with intent to supply class A and class B drugs, one for a domestic assault and another driver was arrested for driving while disqualified.

Among the other results of the operation:

10 vehicles were issued with immediate prohibitions by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency for no insurance or licence offences.

11 vehicles were imposed with delayed prohibitions – defects must be fixed as soon as possible.

26 advisory notes were issued.

10 vehicles were seized (under S165) as the drivers had no insurance or for licence offences.

A total of 33 traffic offence reports were produced relating to various offences. Among these included driving with no insurance (11), driving with no MOT (six), driving with no licence (three), driving a vehicle while illegally using a mobile phone (one) and wearing no seatbelt (five).

12 stop searches were carried out with 12 passive drugs dog indications, resulting in seven vehicles being searched and one driver being arrested (as above).

Suffolk Trading Standards spoke to nine traders who were given words of advice and Ipswich Borough Council’s Environmental Services spoke to nine people in relation to waste transfer breaches with all receiving advisory notices.

HMRC dipped tested 17 vehicle tanks that were all in order.

Sergeant Julian Ditcham of the roads policing team, who was overseeing the checks, said: “Yesterday’s day of action proved what we can achieve when we work with our partners.

“By sharing our combined knowledge, we were able to deny criminals the use of Suffolk’s roads, remove unsafe vehicles and raise awareness of road safety issues, while also keeping an eye out for motorists using mobile phones or not wearing a seatbelt.

“Despite the wintery weather, our results prove that we dealt with a number of motorists throughout the course of this day and we were able to work towards our overall aim of making the county’s roads safer for all motorists.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “I am a tremendous fan of these highly visible proactive days of enforcement, they send out a very clear message that if you are prepared to put yourself, and others, at risk by taking to the road unfit to drive or in a unsafe vehicle you stand a very good chance of being caught.

“Since becoming PCC I have been aware of many similar operations and yet I am still stunned by how many drivers are pulled over and prosecuted – I find it staggering.

“It is particularly worrying to see three arrests for drug driving and people still being stopped not wearing a seat belt and being caught using their phone at the wheel. I really can’t believe that drivers have not got the message, driving under the influence of drugs – and drink - is illegal for a reason, it is one of the four most likely causes of death on our roads, along with using mobile phones, speeding and not wearing a seatbelt.

He added: “It is only by working together that we will make our county’s roads safer for everyone so I’d like to publicly thank all the agencies involved in this campaign for their continued support.”
