```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-03-09T11:07:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-13T16:17:15+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men and two women were charged in connection with the incident which took place last year. On Sunday 27 August at around 1:20pm, police received reports of an injured man seen staggering in the High Street in the town.Police attended but were unable to locate the injured man. Officers began extensive forensic, house to house and CCTV enquiries, and discovered a damaged front door of a flat in the High Street. Inside, officers seized items including a firearm, gas canister and metal bar.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer5.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Four people convicted following an attempted murder and aggravated burglary in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-03-09T11:07:11+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-09-2017/four-people-convicted-following-attempted-murder-and-aggravated-burglary
title: Four people convicted following an attempted murder and aggravated burglary in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-09-2017/four-people-convicted-following-attempted-murder-and-aggravated-burglary
```

Two men and two women were charged in connection with the incident which took place last year. On Sunday 27 August at around 1:20pm, police received reports of an injured man seen staggering in the High Street in the town.

Police attended but were unable to locate the injured man. Officers began extensive forensic, house to house and CCTV enquiries, and discovered a damaged front door of a flat in the High Street. Inside, officers seized items including a firearm, gas canister and metal bar.

The victim - a man in his 30s – subsequently made contact with police. He confirmed that two men and two women had come to his home address. A quantity of cash was stolen and the victim sustained significant injuries including gunshot wounds to his back and neck, which required surgery to remove multiple pellets.

On 12 September, police arrested four people in connection with the incident. Thomas Dale, now aged 20 and of no fixed abode, was charged with attempted murder and aggravated burglary. Daniel Howarth, aged 26 of Carlton Square in Carlton Colville, Emma Hales, aged 31 of Denmark Road, Lowestoft and Hayley Capps, aged 31 of St Edmunds Crescent, Kessingland, were all charged with aggravated burglary.

Thomas Dale pleaded guilty to committing grievous bodily harm with intent and aggravated burglary.

The three other defendants denied the charges and appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 5 March for the beginning of the trial. On the first day of the hearing Daniel Howarth pleaded guilty to aggravated burglary. On Wednesday 7 March, both Emma Hales and Hayley Capps pleaded guilty to burglary.

All four people will be sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court at a later date to be confirmed.

## Previous release | 13 September 2017

Four people have appeared in court this morning following an attempted murder and aggravated burglary in Lowestoft.

Around 1:20pm on Sunday 27 August, police received reports of an injured man seen staggering in the High Street.

Police attended but were unable to locate the injured man. Officers began extensive enquiries including forensic, house to house, and CCTV work and discovered a damaged front door of a flat in the High Street. Inside, officers seized items including a firearm, gas canister and metal bar.

The victim - a man in his 30s – subsequently made contact with police. He confirmed that two men and two women had come to his home address. A quantity of cash was stolen and the victim sustained significant injuries including gunshot wounds to his back and neck, which required surgery to remove multiple pellets.

Yesterday, Tuesday 12 September, police arrested four people in connection with the incident who were charged as follows:

 * Thomas Dale, aged 19 and of no fixed abode, has been charged with attempted murder and aggravated burglary.
 * Daniel Howarth, aged 25 and of Carlton Square in Carlton Colville, has been charged with aggravated burglary.
 * Emma Hales, aged 31 and of Denmark Road, Lowestoft, has been charged with aggravated burglary.
 * Hayley Capps, aged 30 and of St Edmunds Crescent, Kessingland, has been charged with aggravated burglary.

All four appeared before Norwich Magistrates’ this morning. Dale was remanded in custody by the court, whilst the other three were initially all granted bail. However, Howarth was subsequently remanded into custody until tomorrow, Thursday 14 September, where he will appear at Ipswich Crown Court following a challenge by the Crown Prosecution Service to him being granted bail.

All four are due to return to Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 11 October.
