```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-24T16:59:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-24T16:45:49+00:00'
og:
  description: "With Suffolk Police\u2019s student officer recruitment campaign continuing, the force today celebrated a fresh batch of students becoming Police Community Support Officers at their confirmation ceremony at Police Headquarters at Martlesham Heath this afternoon (Friday 24 March)."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/img_9651.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Student officers \u2018stand together\u2019 at PCSO confirmation ceremony"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-24T16:59:56+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/student-officers-%E2%80%98stand-together%E2%80%99-pcso-confirmation-ceremony
title: "Student officers \u2018stand together\u2019 at PCSO confirmation ceremony | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/student-officers-%E2%80%98stand-together%E2%80%99-pcso-confirmation-ceremony
```

With Suffolk Police’s student officer recruitment campaign continuing, the force today celebrated a fresh batch of students becoming Police Community Support Officers at their confirmation ceremony at Police Headquarters at Martlesham Heath this afternoon (Friday 24 March).

Deputy Chief Constable Steve Jupp was on hand to congratulate Suffolk’s newest police recruits with friends and family in attendance.

The passing out parade comes two weeks into the force’s new recruitment campaign, which last week saw a student PC officer take to Facebook Live to answer the public’s burning questions on what it’s like to be part of the police.

In total, eight PCSOs were at today’s event and they will now be posted out to different districts across Suffolk.

> **The eight are:**
>
> Benjamin Ball
>
> Aaron Etti
>
> Colin Gedney
>
> Benjamin Hedley Lewis
>
> Andrew Miller
>
> Matthew Saunders
>
> Joshua Perry
>
> Matthew Newman

Their training lasted 12 weeks and they will now join the policing family, during a week where #WeStandTogether became a new mantra for forces across the UK.

Joint T/Assistant Chief Constable Louisa Pepper welcomed the new recruits saying:

"It’s always pleasing to welcome new officers into our organisations. As we have seen over recent days policing can sometimes provide challenges and our heartfelt condolences remain with the families of those who sadly lost their lives following events in Westminster on Wednesday.

“Policing is a varied and rewarding career which allows our officers to build up a range of skills, specialisms and experience. I look forward to welcoming these new recruits who will bring yet more talent and diversity to our teams.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said: “I am very pleased to see another wave of Police Community Support Officers join the ranks in Suffolk. PCSOs do a great job, they work in the heart of our communities and are an important part of the policing family. They develop deep roots into the localities they serve, their faces are well-known and they are trusted in their communities.

“In my role as PCC, I have spoken to many PCSOs and it is obvious to me that it’s a very varied job with immense satisfaction. I wish these new officers well in their new career.”

Lines are still open for those who are interested in applying to become an officer. You can visit the constabulary website at www.suffolk.police.uk/join-us for further information on how to apply and to request an application pack.

## Gallery
