```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-29T15:46:33+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-29T15:46:33+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and offering crime prevention advice following at least three burglaries and two incidents of thefts from vehicles in Great Bricett last week.The incidents all occurred overnight in the vicinity of Pound Hill on Wednesday 22 into Thursday 23 November and police are investigating whether these incidents may be linked.Details of each incident are as follows:-\_The Street:\_at some point from 6pm on Wednesday 22 and 8am on Thursday 23 November a white van was broken into. Tools and a Sat Nav were stolen."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Police appeal following crimes in Great Bricett
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-29T15:46:33+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-11-2017/police-appeal-following-crimes-great-bricett
title: Police appeal following crimes in Great Bricett | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-11-2017/police-appeal-following-crimes-great-bricett
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and offering crime prevention advice following at least three burglaries and two incidents of thefts from vehicles in Great Bricett last week.

The incidents all occurred overnight in the vicinity of Pound Hill on Wednesday 22 into Thursday 23 November and police are investigating whether these incidents may be linked.

Details of each incident are as follows:

\- The Street: at some point from 6pm on Wednesday 22 and 8am on Thursday 23 November a white van was broken into. Tools and a Sat Nav were stolen.

\- Pound Hill: At some point between 12:30pm on Wednesday 22 and 8:30am on Thursday 23 November, offenders forced entry into a business address and stole a quantity of cash.

\- Pound Hill: Sometime between 6pm on Wednesday 22 and 8am on Thursday 23 November, offenders forced entry into a shed. It is believed that nothing was stolen on this occasion.

\- In the vicinity of Pound Hill and The Street: at some point between 8:30pm on Wednesday 22 and 7am on Thursday 23 November suspects forced entry into a garage and stole a number of electrical garden tools, including a chain saw, leaf blower and hedge trimmer.

\- Pound Hill: At some point from midnight and 5:30am on Thursday 23 November, offenders broke into a Vauxhall Zafira parked outside a home address. Items stolen include a travel bag, a Sony camera and HP laptop.

Police are urging communities to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious behaviour. Anyone with information regarding any of these incidents is urged to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 75347/17.

The following steps will help keep your property secure and reduce the chances of becoming a victim of crime:

 **Shed/Garages:**

• Secure items. Lock items to each other with a quality lock or secure them to a fixed point in the floor.

• Fittings should be bolted through the door and reinforced at the back with a steel plate or washer; hasps should have concealed screws.

• Fit good locks to all doors. Padlocks should be at least 6cm/2.5ins wide, hardened steel, have at least 5 pins and be closed shackle.

• Consider fitting an alarm or investigating if your house alarm can be extended to cover the sheds/garage.

• Make sure that the boundary fence is in good order, at least six foot high and check that gates are locked.

• Use dusk to dawn security lights around the shed.

• Security mark property and register it on www.immobilise.com.

**Vehicles:**

• The use of alarms, lighting and CCTV should be considered to deter thieves.

• If this isn’t possible park in a well-lit, public area.

• Remove items of value from your vehicle whilst unattended and keep it secure and locked at all times.
