```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-21T17:09:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-21T17:09:35+01:00'
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man has been given a 14-month suspended prison sentence and ordered to undertake 250 hours of community work after pleading guilty to dangerous driving and failing to stop following a collision on the A12 at East Bergholt in September 2015.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mersincasephotographofbmw.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced after collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-21T17:09:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-collision
title: Man sentenced after collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-sentenced-after-collision
```

A 21-year-old man has been given a 14-month suspended prison sentence and ordered to undertake 250 hours of community work after pleading guilty to dangerous driving and failing to stop following a collision on the A12 at East Bergholt in September 2015.

Gokhan Mersin appears at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday, 19 July, and was sentenced for dangerous driving and failing to stop following a road traffic collision, after pleading guilty to both offences at a previous hearing in June.

Police were called around 7.55am on Saturday 5 September 2015 to initial reports of a single-vehicle collision on the A12 southbound near Capel St Mary however, within moments, several other calls were received – at least one reporting that a second vehicle had been involved but had driven off. It was described as being a breakdown recovery vehicle with chevrons on the back.

When officers arrived they found the female driver of the BMW with head and severe whiplash injuries to her neck and back and quickly determined that the other vehicle had indeed left the scene.

The woman, in her 60s, was cut out of the vehicle and taken to Ipswich hospital for treatment after being briefly unconscious as a result of the collision.

Enquiries immediately began to locate the truck, with searches being carried out in the area, and accounts were taken from witnesses that said the vehicle had been ‘all over the road’ and erratically speeding and slowing prior to the collision, which had caused the BMW to leave the road and collide first with a tree and then with a concrete bridge support.

One driver described how the recovery vehicle had left the carriageway and collided with a road sign before coming back onto the A12 and colliding with the BMW.

Immediate work to trace the vehicle and its driver saw a possible registration number for the vehicle being found within a couple of hours of the crash. It was determined that it was a Mitsubishi Canter, and it was thought that it would have sustained noticeable damage. It appeared to have no registered owner.

While work was going on around this, a media appeal was made on September 7 to trace further witnesses and anyone with information about the vehicle involved. This prompted a call from a man who reported that he and his vehicle had been picked up and returned home by a recovery vehicle in the early hours of Saturday 5. He gave an account saying the driver had twice fallen asleep at the wheel on route to Lowestoft and that he had offered to let the driver sleep in his vehicle outside his address when he arrived home around 6.15am. The driver had refused this offer and had headed back down the A12.

Further research by officer in the case, PC John Clarke, with the former registered keeper of the vehicle led to some complications. The company it had been sold to could not be found at the address they had given the buyer or their registered address, however contact was made and eventually details of the driver were given, leading to Mersin being traced and interviewed on Tuesday 29 September.

The vehicle itself was located abandoned in Erith, London, around September 24 – not far from where Mersin lived.

During interview him admitted being the driver at the time of the crash.

He has now been given a 14 month sentence suspended for two years, told to complete 250 hours of unpaid work, given a rehabilitation activity requirement, banned from driving for three years and order to pay a total of £1, 600 - £1,500 costs and a £100 victim surcharge.

> **PC John Clarke said;** “I am really pleased that through a combined effort from members of the public and a police investigation we left no stone unturned and were able to trace Mr Mersin. This was a particularly nasty collision and I am really pleased for the victim that we have managed to get a positive result and closure. I also want to thank the members of public who came forward and allowed me to take various actions leading to the decision to charge Mr Mersin. This highlights the importance of people coming forward with information. I am truly grateful for their time and efforts.”
