```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-03-11T16:23:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-11T00:55:43+00:00'
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man arrested in connection with a series of offences in Stowmarket last night, where a BB gun was fired at vehicles and a property, has now been detained under the Mental Health Act.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Stowmarket - Man arrested following damage incidents
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-03-11T16:23:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-man-arrested-following-damage-incidents
title: Stowmarket - Man arrested following damage incidents | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stowmarket-man-arrested-following-damage-incidents
```

A 33-year-old man arrested in connection with a series of offences in Stowmarket last night, where a BB gun was fired at vehicles and a property, has now been detained under the Mental Health Act.

Officers were called at around 6.50pm, yesterday Friday 10 March to reports of a window being damaged at a property on Union Street West. Moments later police were called to an incident on Navigation Approach in which a member of the public reported that a man driving a light coloured van had fired a weapon at their car, causing the rear windscreen to shatter.

Police were then called at around 7pm to reports that, on Gun Cotton Way, a man driving a van had discharged a weapon at another vehicle, causing damage to the driver’s side window of the car. At around 7.05pm, in a car park on Cedars Link, another member of the public reported a collision between their car and a van which failed to stop following the incident.

No one was injured and police have recovered a BB gun, which is believed to have been used in all of the incidents.

The van thought to have been involved was also recovered by officers.

The 33-year-old, from Stowmarket, was detained at an address in the town and was arrested on suspicion of discharging a firearm in a public place, criminal damage and driving a vehicle whilst disqualified. He was taken into custody at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning but has now been detained under the Mental Health Act, and has been bailed to return to police on April 11.

Anyone with information about the incidents should call Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 403 of yesterday, Friday 10 March.

## Previous release

Police have arrested a man following a number of incidents involving a firearm in Stowmarket last night.

Officers were called at around 6.50pm, yesterday Friday 10 March to reports of criminal damage to a property on Union Street West. It was reported that a window was damaged, thought to be as a result of ammunition discharged from a low powered weapon.

At around 6.55pm police were then called to an incident on Navigation Approach in which a member of the public reported that a man driving a light coloured van had fired a weapon at their car, causing the rear windscreen to shatter.

Police were then called at around 7.00pm to reports that on Gun Cotton Way, a man driving a van had discharged a weapon at another vehicle, causing damage to the driver’s side window of the car.

At around 7.05pm, in a car park on Cedars Link, another member of the public reported a collision between their car and a van which failed to stop following the incident.

Police were at the scene within a matter of minutes and nobody was found to have suffered any injuries and at this stage officers are investigating links between the incidents.

The van thought to have been involved was recovered a short time afterwards nearby.

A 33 year old man from Stowmarket has been arrested on suspicion of discharging a firearm in a public place, criminal damage and driving a vehicle whilst disqualified. He will be brought to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning by detectives.

Any witnesses to all or part of these incidents or anybody who has any information are asked to call Police on 101 quoting CAD 403 of yesterday, 10 March.
