```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-09-03T10:57:15+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-06-25T11:45:12+01:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s team dedicated to cracking down on criminals, protecting local communities and tackling cross-border criminality has hit the 500 arrest mark."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/picture.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Sentinel team hit 500 arrest mark
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-09-03T10:57:15+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/sentinel-team-hit-500-arrest-mark
title: Sentinel team hit 500 arrest mark | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/sentinel-team-hit-500-arrest-mark
```

Suffolk Constabulary’s team dedicated to cracking down on criminals, protecting local communities and tackling cross-border criminality has hit the 500 arrest mark.

The three Operation Sentinel teams, active since late May last year, provide enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility.

The 506 arrests have been made (from 28 May 2019 up to 30 August), for a variety of offences including possession of class A drugs with intent to supply, conspiracy to supply class A drugs, money laundering, fraud, burglary, robbery and going equipped.

The Sentinel teams disrupt criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network. They support the force’s response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams and offer additional operational options, making use of a wide range of proactive policing tactics and technology.

These include Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and mobile fingerprint devices to identify and intercept criminals, frustrate their activities and make Suffolk a hostile place for criminals to operate.

Suffolk Constabulary Head of Crime, Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Bridger said: "Since their phased introduction during last year the Sentinel teams across the county have been an outstanding success for the force and the communities they serve. The force is very proud of all the officers in the teams for their hard work and commitment.”

"While these arrests are extremely good news for the people of Suffolk, providing them with reassurance, they are clearly not such good news for the criminal fraternity – the teams can intercept offenders disrupting their activity, seizing their assets and ultimately secure convictions.

"It’s been a challenging time over the past few months in terms of the Covid19 pandemic, but the Sentinel teams have overcome this and remained on the front foot throughout, tackling the fluid nature of organised and serious crime gangs, such as dealing in class A drugs as well as cross-border criminality.”

The three teams were bolstered earlier this year by four additional police staff investigators introduced and who are working alongside the Sentinel teams, funded by a Police and Crime Commissioner precept rise in the council tax. This free up operational Sentinel police officers to stay visible and pro-active on the county’s roads to arrest criminals.

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "These latest results from the three Sentinel teams are simply outstanding. This proactive policing approach is exactly what the people of Suffolk asked for, so well done to all involved.

"The Sentinel teams were funded by Suffolk residents through the council tax precept last year. This initial funding has been supported by an additional investment in this financial year and as these arrests show, it really is paying dividends.

"I’m particularly pleased so many dangerous criminals, who do so much harm in the county, have been caught red-handed and prosecuted. I fully support this vigorous approach.

"This investment by the public provides a real boost to the Constabulary and its fight against crime.”

## Previous release I 1 May 2020

Suffolk Constabulary’s team dedicated to cracking down on criminals, protecting local communities and tackling cross-border criminality has made over 300 arrests in less than a year.

The three Operation Sentinel teams, active since late May last year, provide enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility.

The 319 arrests have been made (from 28 May 2019 up to 30 April 2020), for a variety of offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, fraud offences, handling stolen goods, possession of offensive weapons, attempted robbery and failing to appear before court.

The Sentinel Teams disrupt criminals and protects communities across Suffolk’s road network. They support our response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams and offer additional operational options making use of a wide range of proactive policing tactics and technology including Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and mobile fingerprint devices to identify and intercept criminals, frustrate their activities and make Suffolk a hostile place for criminals to operate.

Suffolk Constabulary Head of Crime, Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Bridger said: "These arrests demonstrate the positive impact the Sentinel teams are having across the county - disrupting criminal activity, seizing their assets and securing convictions to protect our local communities.

"Despite the current situation with Covid19 we are remaining on the front foot and are maintaining proactive policing to prevent criminals causing misery in Suffolk and this will continue.”

Additionally, the force has recently increased the capability of the three teams with four additional police staff investigators being introduced and who are working alongside the Sentinel teams. This will free up operational Sentinel police officers to stay visible and pro-active on the county’s roads to arrest criminals.

These posts are being funded by Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner’s 4.69% increase to the policing element of council tax precept for this financial year. This rise will ensure the force continues to tackle serious and organised crime, bring more offenders to justice, prevent crime in the first place and make Suffolk’s roads safer.

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "The results from the Sentinel teams are simply outstanding. This proactive policing approach is exactly what the people of Suffolk are asking for, so well done to all involved.

"I’m really pleased so many dangerous criminals, who do so much harm in the county, have been caught red-handed and prosecuted.

"The further expansion of the teams this year provides a real boost to our force and its fight against crime and should send a powerful deterrent to the criminal fraternity.”

## Previous release I 28 January 2020

Suffolk Constabulary’s team dedicated to cracking down on criminals, protecting local communities and tackling cross-border criminality has hit the 200 arrests mark since its launch.

The Operation Sentinel teams, active since late May, provide enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility.

The 200 arrests have been made (from 28 May 2019 up to 22 January 2020), for a variety of offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, fraud offences, handling stolen goods, possession of offensive weapons, attempted robbery and failing to appear before court.

1081 vehicles have also been stopped since Sentinel teams went active with the officers using specialist technology to make Suffolk a hostile environment for criminals to operate, while 139 drug seizures have also been made.

The team have access to the widest range of proactive policing tactics and use Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and mobile fingerprint devices to identify and intercept criminals to frustrate their activities.

Funding for the teams has been made possible by an increase in police numbers paid for by the PCCs decision to raise the Council Tax precept.

The Sentinel Teams disrupt criminals and protects communities across Suffolk’s road network. They support our response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams and offer additional operational options making use of a wide range of proactive policing tactics and technology including Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and mobile fingerprint devices to identify and intercept criminals, frustrate their activities and make Suffolk a hostile place for criminals to operate.

Suffolk Constabulary Head of Crime, Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Bridger said: "To see so many arrests over the past eight months or so demonstrates our ongoing commitment to maintain proactive policing to prevent criminals causing misery in Suffolk.

"The introduction of Op Sentinel teams illustrate that we have, and will continue to, listen to the public who we serve and who want as many officers on the frontline as possible.

"Adopting a ‘front-foot' approach allows us to keep building our constantly evolving intelligence picture and respond intelligently by positioning resources appropriately - we are determined to identify and bring such offenders to justice.”

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "To hit the 200 arrest mark is great news. We were confident that this proactive approach, supported by appropriate technology, would pay dividends and these results show the Constabulary is definitely on the front-foot when it comes to cracking down on organised criminal activity.

"We need to remember, Suffolk is one of the safest counties in the country, but that’s not to say there aren’t challenges ahead and that is why last year, I made the decision to increase the policing element of the council tax by the maximum possible.

"The additional funds generated by the policing precept has enabled the Chief Constable to increase the police establishment to form these proactive Sentinel teams to help fight organised crime right across the county and so far the results have been very impressive.

"Operation Sentinel provides the extra officers on our roads that we need. It won’t change everything but this is a major step-change in the fight against crime in our communities and I welcome this pre-emptive approach.”

## Previous release I 9 October 2019

Two more teams geared at cracking down on criminals, protecting local communities and tackling cross-border criminality are now operationally active.

Operation Sentinel, initially launched in the south of the county earlier this year, now has a dedicated team for both the west and the east of the county.

The three teams are providing enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. Each unit has seven officers in each team (a sergeant and six PCs) and the 21-strong unit has been made possible by an increase in police numbers paid for by this year’s precept increase.

The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

So far, the team for the south launched on 28 May, has made over 100 arrests, predominantly in the south, for a variety of offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, fraud offences, handling stolen goods, possession of an offensive weapons, possession of articles to commit fraud, attempted robbery, and failing to appear before court.

The Sentinel Team uses innovative technology, supported by the force’s intelligence systems and structures to ensure they are able to intercept and disrupt criminals to make the county a hostile environment for criminals to operate.

The teams have access to the widest range of proactive policing tactics and will use Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and mobile fingerprint devices to identify and intercept criminals to frustrate their activities.

In December 2018, the Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner published plans for the police element of the precept increase for 2019/20*. This new team accounts for £1.6m of the precept rise and contributes to addressing two main concerns – the increase in violent and drug related crime and improved visibility.

Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Bridger said: "The force has always made clear that the changing nature of crime and its rise in certain areas means Suffolk’s policing model needs to be as flexible, effective and efficient as possible for the communities it serves.

"These two additional teams bolster our current capability to disrupt criminal activity even further. The team for the south has set the bar very high and, over the summer since its launch, has established a great track record of proactivity, reaping great results for the force and our communities overall.

"The two new teams demonstrate Suffolk Constabulary’s commitment to maintaining a pre-emptive approach to policing to prevent criminals causing misery in Suffolk.”

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Suffolk is one of the safest counties in the country, but that’s not to say there aren’t challenges ahead and that is why I made the decision to increase the policing element of the council tax by the maximum possible earlier this year.

"This additional funding has enabled the Chief Constable to increase the police establishment to form this proactive Sentinel team to help fight organised crime and so far the results from the south of the county have been very impressive. It is great to see the team extended into the East and West policing areas of the county and I am sure this countywide coverage will pay dividends.

"Operation Sentinel provides the extra officers on our roads that we need. It won’t change everything but this is a major step-change in the fight against crime in our communities and I welcome this pre-emptive approach.”

## Previous release I 13 September 2019

Suffolk Constabulary’s team dedicated to cracking down on criminals, protecting local communities and tackling cross-border criminality has hit the 100 arrest mark.

The Operation Sentinel team, active since late May, provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility.

105 arrests have been made (from 28 May up to 12 September), for a variety of offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, fraud offences, handling stolen goods, possession of offensive weapons, attempted robbery and failing to appear before court.

The team, comprising of (one sergeant and six constables), has been made possible by an increase in police numbers paid for by the PCCs decision to raise the Council Tax precept. The two teams who will provide the same service to the East and West of the county will be up and running very shortly.

The Sentinel Teams disrupt criminals and protects communities across Suffolk’s road network. They support our response policing and Safer Neighbourhood Teams and offer additional operational options making use of a wide range of proactive policing tactics and technology including Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and mobile fingerprint devices to identify and intercept criminals, frustrate their activities and make Suffolk a hostile place for criminals to operate.

Suffolk Constabulary Head of Crime, Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Bridger said: “To have conducted 100 arrests over a three month period is a great achievement for the team and a clear demonstration of our determination to prevent criminals causing harm in Suffolk. There has been a variety of crimes disrupted as a result, including serious violence and drug trafficking crimes.

“Serious and organised criminals use the road network extensively in order to commit crime. This proactive and flexible team of officers are making progress in making Suffolk a no-go area for those individuals to operate. Using intelligence to focus our activity and target those causing the greatest harm is essential and we are grateful for the information provided by the public that helps us to do this and we continue to encourage the public to tell us about their concerns.

“With the additional two teams for the west and east Suffolk starting very shortly, we can expect many more enforcement activities in the coming weeks and months and we will keep our communities informed of the successes we have.”

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “I’m sure the good people of Suffolk will join me in thanking the officers on this new Sentinel team for the fantastic results they have achieved in such a short time.

“My decision to increase in the council tax precept has enabled the Chief Constable to recruit an additional 29 officers, which includes eight officers to be deployed specifically in the Ipswich area. These extra police officers are in addition to any we may get through the uplift of policing numbers announced by the Prime Minister recently.

"We need to remember, Suffolk is one of the safest counties in the country, but that’s not to say there aren’t challenges ahead. I understand the precept increase was unwelcome news for some people, but this will enable us to improve detection rates and make Suffolk a hostile environment for criminals, which is what people want.

"To be proactive, we need to have the resources and Operation Sentinel give us the extra officers on our roads that we need. It won’t change everything but this is a major step-change in the fight against crime in our communities and I welcome this pre-emptive approach.”

*An additional £2 a month increased a Band D precept by £24 in 2019/2020.

## Previous release I 1 August 2019

Five people were arrested and over 50 vehicles were checked during a multi-agency day of action at Red Lodge near Bury St Edmunds.

The operation took place on Thursday 1 August, with the aim of disrupting and frustrating the activities of criminals, including organised crime groups, who commit offences across county borders whilst using the road network.

Vehicles identified as being potentially involved in criminality were brought back to a check site at a car park at The Pines school car park in Red Lodge, where police and partner agencies conducted checks of the vehicles and occupants.

The operation was carried-out by officers under the banner of Operational Sentinel with the Scorpion Team, Roads and Armed Policing Team, Road Casualty Reduction Team, Police Dog Unit and Commercial Vehicle Unit.

So far under the Op Sentinel banner since the team was launched in late May the team has made just under 70 arrests*. The team provide enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility.

Partner agencies present included the Driver & Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), Driver & Vehicle Licensing Authority (DVLA) and Waveney Norse.

58 vehicles were escorted back to the site, with just 11 leaving clear of any offences.

Five people were arrested for seven offences. Four people were arrested on suspicion of drug driving offences, and a further person on suspicion of possession of criminal property, one for on suspicion of possession of cannabis and on suspicion of drug driving.

36 Traffic Offence Reports were issued for various offences including the following: four for not wearing a seatbelt; three for no MOT; six for number plate offences; nine for no insurance and two for defective tyres.

Seven vehicles were seized for no insurance and two vehicles were issued with defect rectification notices.

The DVSA issued seven immediate police prohibitions, 11 delayed prohibitions and 15 advisory notices.

Sergeant Julian Ditcham, of the Roads and Armed Policing Team, said: "This was another excellent day of action and is a follow on from the day of action we held in Ipswich last week for similar criminality and road offences

"The fact remains if you get behind the wheel of a vehicle and it is not fit for the road or you are committing an offence you are potentially proving to be an irresponsible driver putting yourself and other motorists in danger because you are breaking the law or because you vehicle isn’t roadworthy. We simply won’t tolerate such narrow minded and irresponsible behaviour.

"We hold these operations across the county on a regular basis and will continue to do so, both to target any criminals who may be travelling through Suffolk, but also to remove unsafe vehicles and people driving illegally, making our roads and county as a whole safer for everyone.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "These very visible, proactive days of action are an excellent example of partners working together to keep us all safe.

"It never fails to amaze me how many drivers are on our roads in an unfit state or driving a vehicle unfit for the road. I fully support these multi-agency days and I know I speak on behalf of my RoadSafe partners when I applaud the work of everyone involved.

"I’m pleased to see that these events will continue across the county on a regular basis. Keeping our road network safe and free-flowing is so important.”

## Previous release I 25 June 2019

Suffolk Constabulary’s newest team is now on the road to crackdown on criminals, protect local communities and tackle cross-border criminality.

The newly-established Operation Sentinel team will provide enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The 21-strong unit has been made possible by an increase in police numbers paid for by this year’s precept increase.

The mobile unit will disrupt criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

The force has always made clear that the changing nature of crime and its rise in certain areas means Suffolk’s policing model needs to be as flexible, effective and efficient as possible for the communities it serves.

The Sentinel Team will capitalise on the investment in innovative technology and will be fully supported by the force’s intelligence systems and structures to ensure they are able to intercept and disrupt criminals across Suffolk.

The officers within the team will use specialist techniques to exploit the technology available to them to make Suffolk a hostile environment for criminals to operate. The team will have access to the widest range of proactive policing tactics and will use Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and mobile fingerprint devices to identify and intercept criminals to frustrate their activities.

The Sentinel Team, which consists of 21 additional officers (three sergeants and 18 police constables) will concentrate solely on disrupting high- threat criminal activity, supporting our response and local policing teams to focus on those issues that matter most to our communities. Three teams will provide coverage across the county.

The team, covering the south of the county, started its operations in late May. Similar teams for the East and West with the same number of officers will follow in September this year.

The teams will work closely with the intelligence units, other proactive teams and investigators to ensure maximum results from their efforts.So far, the South team have made 34 arrests in 16 days of operational activity

In December 2018, the Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner published plans for the police element of the precept increase for 2019/20*. This new team accounts for £1.6m of the precept rise and contributes to addressing two main concerns – the increase in violent and drug related crime and improved visibility.

Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "The nature of policing is constantly evolving and protecting our communities from harm is our priority.

"This new team is another example of Suffolk Constabulary’s commitment to maintain proactive policing to prevent criminals causing misery in Suffolk.

"The introduction of Op Sentinel demonstrates that we have, and will continue to, listen to the public who we serve and who want as many officers on the frontline as possible.

"This team will ensure we use appropriate policing tactics and technology to target those individuals who cause the most harm to our local communities.

"They will be a valuable addition to the overall policing structure in the county to ensure we remain on the front foot and deny criminals use of the roads, and put them before the courts.”

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Suffolk is one of the safest counties in the country, but that’s not to say there aren’t challenges ahead and that is why I made the decision to increase the policing element of the council tax by the maximum possible earlier this year.

"This additional funding has enabled the Chief Constable to increase the police establishment to form this proactive team to help fight organised crime.

"I’m well aware it was a big increase and I understand it was unwelcome news for some people, but this will enable us to improve detection rates and make Suffolk a hostile environment for criminals, which is what people want.

"To be proactive, we need to have the resources and Op Sentinel give us the extra officers on our roads that we need. It won’t change everything but this is a major step-change in the fight against crime in our communities and I welcome this pre-emptive approach.”

Head of Crime, Safeguarding & Incident Management, Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Bridger said: "Serious and organised criminals use the road network extensively in order to facilitate their criminal activities. The Op Sentinel team will allow us to intercept offenders to disrupt such activity, seize their assets and then convict them to protect our local communities.

"This 'front-foot' approach is exciting and it allows us to keep building our constantly evolving intelligence picture and respond intelligently by positioning resources appropriately.”

"This team is about actively taking the fight to those who are either committing, or intending to commit, crime in Suffolk. It acknowledges our continual need to respond effectively to the fluid nature of organised and serious crime gangs, such as dealing in class A drugs, serious violence as well as cross- border criminality.

"The use of ANPR and the other technologies gives us the opportunity to respond more swiftly and increases the likelihood of criminals being arrested. This approach demonstrates that we are doing all we can to ensure communities are kept free from crime.

"It sends a clear message that Suffolk is not a ‘soft touch’ when it comes to serious and organised criminality – we are determined to identify and bring such offenders to justice.”

## What exactly is ANPR?

Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology is used to help detect, deter and disrupt criminality at a force, regional and national level, including tackling travelling criminals and organised crime groups. There is evidence that the value of ANPR is improving national security, intelligence led investigations and in the investigation of major and serious organised crime leading to the conviction of offenders. ANPR is currently in use across Suffolk in the form of fixed site cameras, mobile cameras and in police vehicles. As a vehicle passes an ANPR camera, its registration number is instantly checked against database records of vehicles of interest. Police officers can stop a vehicle, check it for evidence and, where necessary, make arrests. It allows officers’ attention to be drawn to offending vehicles whilst allowing law abiding drivers to go about their business unhindered. The police do not deploy ANPR for the use of speed detection and there is no legislation which allows ANPR to be used in this way.

## What road networks will the teams use?

The Op Sentinel teams will operate on the county’s key ‘A’ road networks as well as ‘B’ routes. In line with national policy, we do not disclose details of exact locations as this information is likely to be of benefit to offenders and if known could reduce the value of ANPR to policing.

## How will their performance be measured?

The teams will record the number of stops, arrests made, drugs recovered, offences identified, fixed penalty notices issued, searches conducted and proceeds of crime seized.

## Are these 21 officers newly created posts?

Yes – they are brand new posts. The posts have been funded by the decision by the Suffolk PCC to raise the policing precept by £24 per annum for a Band D property.

## How many arrests have you made so far to date and what offences are these for?

Since the Op Sentinel South team went live they have made over 100 arrests (late May to September) of operation activity. These have been for a variety of offences including possession with intent to supply drugs, fraud offences, handling stolen goods, possession of an offensive weapon, possession of articles to commit fraud and drug driving.

## Why not launch all three teams at once?

All 21 officers have now been selected from interview. The South team is now operationally active. However a phased implementation is needed to ensure other policing roles across the county are not diminished and their current effectiveness is sustained. Before each team goes live the officers will receive the necessary training and attend briefing sessions so they are fully proficient when using the equipment.

## Gallery
