```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-31T12:35:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-31T12:35:40+01:00'
og:
  description: Icewell Hill residents in Newmarket will be holding its first new Residents Association event tomorrow, Tuesday 1 August, in response to recent police-led community engagement sessions to tackle antisocial behaviour in the community.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s152_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Icewell Hill to launch first Residents Association
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-31T12:35:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/icewell-hill-launch-first-residents-association
title: Icewell Hill to launch first Residents Association | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/icewell-hill-launch-first-residents-association
```

Icewell Hill residents in Newmarket will be holding its first new Residents Association event tomorrow, Tuesday 1 August, in response to recent police-led community engagement sessions to tackle antisocial behaviour in the community.

Last year, police control room operators received approximately 120 calls reporting incidents in the area and requesting a police presence, including criminal damage, drug offences, harassment, theft and burglaries. However, more than half of the calls received were not ultimately police matters.

This led to the multi-agency approach, to raise awareness of support available from local agencies. Partners include Forest Heath District Council, the local Fire service, Flagship Housing Group, Anglia Care, NHS Outreach, SNAP and Racing Welfare.

Police Community Support Officer Anne-Marie Powell, who has been leading the partnership event, said: "The surgery events have been greeted with great success and, as a result, residents decided to launch the first Icewell Hilll Residents Association to take action in making their community a place they want to live, rather than have to live.

"I am delighted at the enthusiasm residents have already shown for upcoming community-led activities, such as litter picks and ‘balcony in bloom’ contests, whilst also drumming up support from local businesses and charity groups.

"Local councillor Chris Barker will be chairing these meetings, however our officers will attend in a support role to ensure that our services are easily accessible to anyone with community-based concerns.”

The first Icewill Hill Residents Association session will be held tomorrow, Tuesday 1 August, at 7pm at the Racing Centre in Fred Archer Way.

Police will continue to run regular surgery engagement events to run alongside the Residents Association meetings.
