```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-14T16:06:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-14T14:49:01+00:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Police responded to more than 350 crimes of domestic abuse in December 2015 and officers are urging people to speak up and look out for each other this month in a bid to help put a stop to the abuse over the festive season.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/saferchristmas_-_stop_dv_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: '#ChristmasJumper campaign to help put a stop to domestic abuse'
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-14T16:06:23+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/christmasjumper-campaign-help-put-stop-domestic-abuse
title: '#ChristmasJumper campaign to help put a stop to domestic abuse | Suffolk Constabulary'
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/christmasjumper-campaign-help-put-stop-domestic-abuse
```

Suffolk Police responded to more than 350 crimes of domestic abuse in December 2015 and officers are urging people to speak up and look out for each other this month in a bid to help put a stop to the abuse over the festive season.

As the second-leg of Suffolk Constabulary’s three-part Christmas campaign, crime prevention messages will feature on a series of festive jumpers this week, via social media, urging both victims and bystanders to report domestic incidents and encourage a #SaferChristmas for everyone.

Figures show that reported crimes of domestic abuse during December has risen year-on-year in Suffolk since 2011, with the exception of December 2013. In fact, comparing the number of domestic crimes recorded during December 2011 to those officers responded to last year, Suffolk Police can confirm a 41% increase.

Detective Superintendent David Cutler said: “It’s a sad fact that we often see a spike in domestic abuse incidents throughout the festive season, as families spend more time together and consume more alcohol, which can enhance emotions and fuel arguments. Whilst it’s shocking to see such a drastic increase in reported crimes over the years, it’s encouraging that victims are not suffering in silence and are coming forward.

“Domestic abuse is not a seasonal crime; it takes place all year round and can be very frightening, affecting people regardless of age, gender, race and sexuality. The aim of our Christmas campaign is to make victims aware that it is not their fault, that they are not alone and they can take steps to stop the abuse.

“We have highly trained officers who can offer advice and support to help domestic abuse victims. We also work closely with partner agencies as we understand that people don’t always want to approach police. If you are experiencing domestic violence, or know someone who is, please report it and help us keep communities safer.”

 **What is domestic abuse?**

Domestic abuse can take many forms; it can be psychological, physical, sexual, financial and emotional. It is domestic abuse if your partner or a family member:

 * threatens or intimidates you
 * is violent towards you
 * makes you fear for your physical safety
 * humiliates you or puts you down by calling you name or playing mind games
 * isolates you by stopping you from seeing your family and friends
 * is controlling of where you go, what you do, how you dress, or otherwise deprives you of your independence

For more examples of domestic violence, click here

If you feel in immediate danger as a result of domestic abuse, dial 999 straight away and wait in a safe place for the police to arrive.

As part of the Suffolk Police Christmas Jumper campaign, a selection of officers and staff wearing be wearing a festive woolie this Friday, 16 December, to support Save the Children’s Christmas Jumper Day. The jumpers will be a mix of traditional festive merriment, and the Constabulary’s own designs to raise awareness of its crime prevention messages, including putting a stop to domestic violence, with the aim to encourage everyone to have a #SaferChristmas.
