```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-01-13T16:39:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-01-13T16:37:23+00:00'
og:
  description: A Ipswich man has been convicted after he pleaded guilty to the attempted burglary of a home in the town last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-181874783.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich man gets suspended sentence for burglary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-01-13T16:39:09+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-01-2020/ipswich-man-gets-suspended-sentence-burglary
title: Ipswich man gets suspended sentence for burglary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-01-2020/ipswich-man-gets-suspended-sentence-burglary
```

An Ipswich man has been convicted after he pleaded guilty to the attempted burglary of a home in the town last year.

21 year old Marley Wagner-Ridgewell of Hawke Road, Ipswich, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today (13 January) where he was sentenced to a 10 month jail sentence, suspended for two years following an earlier guilty plea to the attempted burglary of a home in Cliff Lane in the town on October 30.

He was also charged with six further counts of thefts from shops in October last year in Sudbury, Walton and Ipswich.

Since his guilty plea Wagner-Ridgewell was approached by specialist officers from the Operation Converter Unit and was interviewed, during which, he made voluntary admissions to a further 19 offences which he asked to have 'taken into consideration' upon his sentencing. These took place from 25 July 2019 to 4 November 2019. They included a case of fraud by false representation, a house burglary, a theft from a house, four thefts from motor vehicles, 11 thefts from shops and possession of cannabis. The total value of items stolen was over £1,600 and around £150 of property was damaged.

In one burglary on Clapgate Lane in Ipswich on 3 October three jackets and four pairs of trainers were taken, before a car was broken into and bank cards taken which were subsequently used in nearby shops. In another incident in earlier October on Childer’s Court a mobile phone worth £200 was stolen from a van and during October and November there were four incidents of shoplifting form a Co-Op store in Ipswich.

Wagner-Ridgewell must also complete 100 hours of unpaid work and a 12 month drug referral requirement to address his drug misuse,

DC Duncan Etchells from the Op Converter team said "The type of crimes that were committed are very intrusive , causing great distress and inconvenience to victims and loss of money to the businesses. This case is a good example of the opportunities we provide for offenders to work with the police to take offences into consideration when they are sentenced, which means they can start afresh when their sentence lapses as well as providing a sense of justice to the victims as we will always prosecute offenders for as many offences as we can. The rest is up to the courts to pass sentence."

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing.
