```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-08T12:14:29+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-08T12:11:54+01:00'
og:
  description: "A special passing out event took place on Sunday 28 February to celebrate the newest recruits to Suffolk\u2019s Special Constabulary."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/specialsonbw.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Passing out event for new Special Constables
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-08T12:14:29+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/passing-out-event-new-special-constables
title: Passing out event for new Special Constables | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/passing-out-event-new-special-constables
```

A special passing out event took place on Sunday 28 February to celebrate the newest recruits to Suffolk’s Special Constabulary. 14 Special Constables, who have just concluded their initial training after 10 weeks at Police Headquarters in Martlesham, attended the event which celebrated their achievements. They will now be posted to various locations across the county.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton and Chief Officer Paul Goldsmith were guests of honour, with over 100 friends and family also attending the event.

Rachel Kearton said, "As force lead on the Special Constabulary I am delighted to be inspecting the new Special recruits before they start their tour of duty for the first time; protecting the public and supporting regular officers.

It is great to see so many people from various communities willing to give up their free time for the Suffolk Special Constabulary and to give something back to the communities they live and work in. Suffolk Constabulary is unique and has a real family feel to it and I am sure that the new Special recruits will feel welcome as they embark on their new adventure in their lives”.

Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner said, "I would like to welcome this latest group of Special Constabulary recruits to Suffolk’s police family. Their dedication to keeping us all safe is to be admired.

"I am a great supporter of the fantastic work that our Specials carry out across the county every day; they are an integral part of policing in the county and we are very grateful for the fantastic support they provide across a wide breadth of operational work.

"Suffolk has an excellent track record for looking after each other and that’s what is so special about our county – our sense of community and place, when people are in need we find ways of helping each other. I would like to take this opportunity to thank all the many Specials who give their time so generously to support the work of the Constabulary and would encourage anyone who wants to become a Special Police Officer to get in touch.”

The Special Constabulary is always on the look-out for committed recruits who are keen to experience the rewards and challenges of policing. The county has 253 Special Constables who regularly volunteer their time to assist the regular police force in keeping Suffolk safe.

Becoming a Special Constable is a positive opportunity to develop existing skills or to learn new ones, give something back to your local community and become a part of a diverse organisation that fights crime in the county. It is also a good way to try police work if you are considering a career as a full time officer.

If you are 18 years or older, in good health and of good character, you can apply. You will get full training to become part of a team that deals with a variety of incidents and events across Suffolk.

Recruitment evenings are being held across Suffolk to give people an open opportunity to find out more about what being a volunteer police officer involves. The details are as follows:

> **Monday 14th March 2016**
>
> **Bury St Edmunds 7.30pm**
>
> **Venue – Moreton Hall Community Centre, Symonds Road, Moreton Hall, IP32 7EE**
>
> **Monday 21st March 2016**
>
> **Newmarket 7.30pm**
>
> **Venue – Best Western Hotel, Moulton Road, CB8 8DY**
>
> **Monday 30th March 2016**
>
> **Lowestoft 7.30pm**
>
> **Riverside Conference Room, Canning Road, Lowestoft NR33 0EQ**

If you’re interested in finding out more please come along to one of the evenings. You’ll hear a talk about what’s involved and be able to pick up more information and chat to some of those who already volunteer.

All events will commence at 7:30 pm and application packs will be made available at the conclusion of the evening.

Alternatively, a ‘roadshow event’ being held at the Lowestoft Library, Clapham Road South in Lowestoft on 7th March from 10am until 8pm where interested applicants can ‘drop in’ at a time that suits them and speak to various members of Police and Support Staff about particular aspects of becoming a Special Police Constable.

Attendees will be able to follow the ‘applicants journey’ from start to finish, including how to complete an application form, what happens at assessment centres, details of the training programme, what personal safety training officers receive and speak to Special Officers to find out exactly what it’s like a Special with Suffolk Constabulary.

If you intend to go along to any of these events, please confirm your attendance by e-mailing [email protected] If you cannot attend but would like more information please go to our website www.suffolk.police.uk
