```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-05-01T10:53:30+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-04-27T10:34:15+01:00'
og:
  description: Police can confirm that a missing 36-year-old man from Martlesham Heath has been found.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/thank-you.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Martlesham Heath \u2013 Missing man found"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-05-01T10:53:30+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-04-2020/martlesham-heath-missing-man-found
title: "Martlesham Heath \u2013 Missing man found | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-04-2020/martlesham-heath-missing-man-found
```

Police can confirm that a missing 36-year-old man from Martlesham Heath has been found.

Simon Garnham had last been seen in the early hours of Sunday 26 April and he was reported missing to police later the same day.

Simon was found safe and well in Dallinghoo early this morning, Friday 1 May.

Officers would like to thank members of the public and media for their assistance with this appeal.

## Previous release | 28 April 2020

Police are re-appealing for help to trace a missing 36-year-old man from Martlesham Heath, near Ipswich.

Simon Garnham was last seen at his home in Martlesham Heath in the very early hours of Sunday 26 April and is believed to have left on foot, sometime before 3:00am. He was reported missing to the police later the same day and officers have undertaken a number of enquiries to locate him.

Simon is described as white, 5ft 8ins tall, very slim build, with mousy brown hair, short on the sides and longer on top. It is not known what he is wearing.

Family members and police are increasingly concerned for Simon’s welfare and so are appealing for anyone who may have seen him to make contact.

Anyone with any information regarding his whereabouts, is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting ref 297 of 26 April 2020.

## Previous release | 26 April 2020

Police are appealing for help to trace a missing 36-year-old man from Martlesham Heath Ipswich.

Simon Garnham was last seen at his home in Martlesham Heath in the early hours of yesterday morning, Sunday 26 April.

Family members and police are concerned for Simon’s welfare. Simon is described as white, 5ft 8ins tall, very slim build, with mousy brown hair, short on the sides and longer on top. His clothing details are unknown at this time.

Anyone who believes they have seen Simon, or who has any information regarding his whereabouts, is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting ref 297 of 26 April 2020.
