```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-23T14:31:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-23T14:22:02+01:00'
og:
  description: Three people have been arrested in connection with modern slavery offences in Ipswich.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-1066865348.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Three arrests following successful operation targeting modern slavery"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-23T14:31:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-06-2020/ipswich-three-arrests-following-successful-operation-targeting-modern
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Three arrests following successful operation targeting modern slavery | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-06-2020/ipswich-three-arrests-following-successful-operation-targeting-modern
```

Three people have been arrested in connection with modern slavery offences in Ipswich.

The arrests were made on Wednesday 10 June after a warrant was executed at an address in east Ipswich.

Officers have been working alongside a number of partner agencies including the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority (GLAA), Romanian Embassy, Romanian Police and The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), among others, as part of an ongoing operation.

Officers arrested three men, aged 29, 26 and 20, on suspicion of slavery, servitude and forced or compulsory labour.

They were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and were later released on police bail until Wednesday 8 July pending further enquiries.

A quantity of paperwork, payment cards and other items were recovered and seized as part of the operation.

A number of potential victims were also located and spoken to by the agencies involved.

Detective Chief Inspector Angus Moir said: "Modern slavery is hidden in every community and in many cases the victims are very vulnerable and are specifically targeted by their exploiters. It takes many forms but the most common include criminal exploitation, sexual exploitation, forced labour and domestic servitude. I would like to thank our partners in working closely together to achieve these results.”

GLAA Senior Investigating Officer Jenni Baines: "Sadly, the exploitation of workers shows no sign of going away and we know that the current pandemic also has the potential to create the conditions in which more people are exploited for their labour.

“We would encourage people who have reason to believe that someone is being exploited to report their concerns. We can then take swift and decisive action to bring offenders to justice and protect vulnerable workers.”

Anyone who has any information about this type of crime or is concerned about someone being a potential victim should contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101.

If you have suspicions that someone is being trafficked – or to get help and seek advice - you can contact the Modern Slavery Helpline on 08000 121 700.

If you believe a person is being trafficked and is in immediate danger, you should call 999 straight away.

You can also report suspicions of trafficking by calling Suffolk police on 101 or via Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111
