```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-24T16:26:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-24T16:26:34+00:00'
og:
  description: A 28-year-old man has been jailed for seven years after admitting an aggravated burglary at a home in Ipswich and a series of other crimes including five home burglaries and six thefts from shops.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jaymunday.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for seven years for burglary and theft offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-24T16:26:34+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-seven-years-burglary-and-theft-offences
title: Man jailed for seven years for burglary and theft offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-seven-years-burglary-and-theft-offences
```

A 28-year-old man has been jailed for seven years after admitting an aggravated burglary at a home in Ipswich and a series of other crimes including five home burglaries and six thefts from shops.

Jay Munday appeared a Ipswich Crown Court yesterday, Monday 23 January, for sentencing after pleading guilty to offences including the aggravated burglary at a home in Portman Road in Ipswich on 16 June 2016 where cash and a bank card were stolen.

Around 3am the resident at the Portman Road property woke up after hearing a noise and went to investigate. He found Munday in his lounge and saw he was carrying a hammer. Munday then demanded cash and stole the money, card and PIN number before fleeing via a window.

Enquiries by police following the incident led to Munday and he was arrested on 10 October 2016 in connection with the crime. He was taken into custody and charged with the aggravated burglary on October 11. He was also charged with four offences of fraud or attempted fraud by false representation linked to the use of the bank card.

After being charged in connection with the aggravated burglary, he co-operated with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team to admit a number of other offences including home burglaries at Spencer Way in Stowmarket in April 2006 where a quantity of jewellery was stolen, one at Fairfield Hill in Stowmarket in April 2011, one in Pipers Vale Close in Ipswich in February 2016 where items of clothing were stolen, one in Foundation Street in Ipswich in November 2015 where a TV and a quantity of cash were stolen and another in St Georges Street in Ipswich in April 2016 where electrical items were stolen.

The total of 14 additional offences he admitted also included six thefts from shops, two criminal damage offences and one attempted theft of a vehicle, committed between April 2006 and September 2016. These included thefts of whisky and beer, and causing damage to a caravan in Stowmarket and residential flats in Ipswich in 2010.

In all cases Munday, formerly of Alderman Road in Ipswich, provided officers with sufficient details of the offences to allow them to be identified and confirmed as being linked to him.

The 14 offences were taken into consideration at sentencing today, resulting in Munday being jailed for six years and eight months for the aggravated burglary, and four months consecutive for one of the frauds, with the other sentences running concurrently, giving a total sentence of seven years. He was also ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £170.
