```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-08T15:12:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-06T15:22:53+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are issuing an E-fit of a man they would like to speak to following an incident in Sapiston on Sunday.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecar7485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: E-fit issued - Sapiston
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-08T15:12:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-sapiston
title: E-fit issued - Sapiston | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-sapiston
```

Police are issuing an E-fit of a man they would like to speak to following an incident in Sapiston on Sunday.

Officers are investigating after a man took a little girl by the arm while she was out on a walk with her mother. The three-year-old was walking a short distance ahead of her mum and other siblings in a wooded area, next to the hump back bridge by the community centre, off Bardwell Road, around 4.20pm on Sunday, 4 September, when the man jumped out from behind a tree.

He took hold of the little girl’s forearm and spoke to her before her mum shouted at him and the man released the child and ran away. The child sustained slight reddening to her arm.

Police are now releasing an E-fit likeness of the man they would like to trace. He is described as white, aged in his 50s to 60s, with grey hair and wearing glasses. He wore a white T-shirt with blue sleeves and black jeans and black boots, with a brown bag over his shoulder.

If you recognise him or have any information about who he is, or if you saw a man meeting this description in the area around 4pm -5pm on Sunday, please contact police at Bury St Edmunds by dialling Suffolk Constabulary on 101 and quoting crime reference number 53674/16.

## Previous release - 06.09.16

Police need to trace a man who took a little girl by the arm while she was out on a walk with her mother in Sapiston on Sunday.

The three-year-old was walking a short distance ahead of her mum and other siblings in a wooded area, next to the hump back bridge by the community centre, off Bardwell Road, around 4.20pm on Sunday, 4 September, when the man jumped out from behind a tree.

He took hold of the little girl’s forearm and spoke to her before her mum shouted at him and the man released the child and ran away. The child sustained slight reddening to her arm.

The man involved is described as white, aged in his 50s to 60s, with grey hair and wearing glasses. He wore a white T-shirt with blue sleeves and black jeans and black boots, with a brown bag over his shoulder.

Police need to speak to the man involved and are asking him or anyone who knows who he is to come forward. Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the man in the area or anyone who may recognise his description to call police at Bury St Edmunds by dialling Suffolk Constabulary on 101 and quoting crime reference number 53674/16.
