```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-30T10:10:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-22T09:58:30+00:00'
og:
  description: More than 120 people were caught driving while using a mobile phone in Suffolk during a week-long enforcement campaign.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/mobile_phone_-_driving.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Operation Ringtone
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-30T10:10:21+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-01-2018/operation-ringtone
title: Operation Ringtone | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-01-2018/operation-ringtone
```

More than 120 people were caught driving while using a mobile phone in Suffolk during a week-long enforcement campaign.

Operation Ringtone ran between Monday 22 January and Sunday 28 January, coinciding with a nationwide campaign led by the National Police Chiefs’ Council.

Officers patrolled the roads with marked and unmarked cars and motorcycles, which were all fitted with cameras to obtain evidence to help secure successful prosecutions.

In total roads policing officers issued 122 Traffic Offence Reports (TORs) to drivers using a mobile phone whilst driving. This compares with 62 TORs issued during the last week of action which took place between 10 and 16 July 2017.

> **Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, Head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said:** "This is a staggering number of people caught breaking the law - an average of 17 a day - and I am deeply concerned that such a high number of people are willing to risk other people’s lives by using their phone whilst driving.
>
> "However, I think the fact almost twice as many people were caught during this week of action compared with the last one in July 2017, is as a result of an intelligence-led concerted effort of officers across the county.
>
> "Many of the drivers who were stopped stated that they were not aware the penalties for the offence increased last year and offenders now receive a £200 fine and six penalty points, which for someone who has had their licence for less than two years would see it revert back to a provisional one.
>
> "What all this does highlight though is that far too many people are oblivious to just how dangerous using your phone whilst driving is and the devastating consequences it can have if it causes you to be involved in a serious or fatal collision.
>
> "Our message is simple – don’t put lives in danger and leave your phone alone whilst behind the wheel.”

> **Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, said:** "Time and time again we see drivers using their phones on the move so I was fully behind the Constabulary’s Operation Ringtone campaign to increase enforcement on our county’s roads.
>
> "Using a mobile phone at the wheel is reckless and costs lives. It absolutely horrifies me when I see drivers on their phones and sadly we see it all too often.”
>
> He added: "I hope the publicity around these campaigns, the higher penalties that drivers face for using their mobile phone, and the fact that members of the public are submitting footage, will finally make those who continue to flaunt the law take note.”

## Previous release | 19 January 2018

Police in Suffolk will be targeting drivers using their mobile phones behind the wheel as part of a week-long campaign next week.

Operation Ringtone will run between Monday 22 January and Sunday 28 January and coincides with a nationwide campaign led by the National Police Chiefs’ Council (NPCC).

It will see officers patrolling the roads with marked and unmarked cars and motorcycles, all fitted with cameras to obtain evidence to help secure successful prosecutions.

Police are also continuing to encourage members of the public to use the reporting form on the police website, which allows members of the public to submit dash cam footage to support the fight against those breaking the law.

Between January and December last year 1179 penalty notices were issued for the offence of driving whilst using a mobile phone in Suffolk. This includes 62 people caught during the last week of action which took place between 10 and 16 July 2017.

> **Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, Head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said:** "We believe driving whilst using a mobile phone is just as dangerous as drink or drug-driving and are determined to make it as socially unacceptable as those offences.
>
> "Mobile phones in vehicles are a distraction and can cause serious or even fatal collisions. A momentary glance down at your phone means you are not paying full attention to the road and are not in proper control of your vehicle.
>
> "My appeal to motorists is to put their phones out of reach when you are driving and either leave it in your bag or put in in the glovebox, so you are not tempted to look at a message or answer a call.
>
> "The penalties for driving whilst using a mobile phone were increased last year and anyone caught committing the offence will receive six points on their licence and a £200 fine, which I hope acts as an extra deterrent and will make people think twice before picking up their phone.
>
> "Members of the public can continue to assist us by submitting footage and supporting our investigations, allowing us to hold more lawbreakers to account.”

> **Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said:** "Using a mobile phone at the wheel is reckless and costs lives. It absolutely horrifies me when I see drivers on their phones and sadly we see it all too often. I hope the increased penalties will be the catalyst for change.
>
> "I wholeheartedly support this Operation Ringtone campaign which will see increased enforcement across the county.”
>
> Councillor Jane Storey, Suffolk County Council’s Cabinet Member for Highways and Transport, and Chair of the Suffolk Roadsafe Board, said: " Driving is a safety-critical activity that requires our full attention. Hands need to be on the wheel and eyes looking out of the windscreen, not down at the phone screen.
>
> "We know we can't change the attitudes and actions of all drivers overnight. We now have stricter penalties, so we need to continue with education campaigns and more police enforcement to stop people using their mobile phones while driving."
