```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-11T16:04:10+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-05T12:18:49+00:00'
og:
  description: A safe stolen from a church in Ipswich at the end of last month has been found and the documents inside it recovered.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/image_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Whitton church burglary - Documents recovered
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-11T16:04:10+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-01-2018/whitton-church-burglary-documents-recovered
title: Whitton church burglary - Documents recovered | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/05-01-2018/whitton-church-burglary-documents-recovered
```

A safe stolen from a church in Ipswich at the end of last month has been found and the documents inside it recovered.

Between 8pm on Saturday 30 December and 8am on Sunday 31 December, St Mary and St Botolph Church in Whitton was broken into and a large safe was stolen, which contained silverware and parish record books.

On Tuesday 9 January, a Mid Suffolk District Council employee working in the area of Pipps Ford Lane near Needham Market discovered the safe in a field. Almost all the documents, including the parish record books, were found to still be inside the safe.

The documents have sustained some damage from being out in the wet weather, but it is hoped they can be restored and they have now been returned to the Priest in Charge at the church.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity in the vicinity of Pipps Ford Lane, either overnight between 30 and 31 December, or the days immediately following this, are asked to contact police.

The lane is off the roundabout junction of the A14 and the A140 at Beacon Hill, on the immediate left when entering the roundabout from the A14 westbound off-slip.

Police are continuing to appeal for any witnesses or anyone with information about the burglary at the church to come forward.

None of the items of silverware have yet been recovered and so officers are also appealing for anyone who may have been offered any church silverware for sale to make contact. The stolen silver consists of items such as: communion cups; a bowl; flagons; a salver; chalices; and a wafer box. You can see photographs of the stolen items in the gallery at the bottom of this page.

Calls should be made to Ipswich West Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101 quoting reference 73/18, or Crimestoppers anonymously.

Two men have been charged with receiving stolen goods in connection with this burglary. Their details are as follows:

 * Ionut Avadanei, aged 19, of Crescent Road, Ipswich. He has been released on bail to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Monday 5 February.

 * Vasile Tecaru, aged 20, of Mountbatten Court, Ipswich. He has also been charged with attempted burglary, relating to an incident at a property in Norwich Road, Barham, between 10 and 12 April 2017. He made a first appearance before magistrates on Friday 5 January, where he was bailed for a next hearing at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday 30 January.

## Previous release | 5 January 2018

Two men have been charged in connection with the theft of items from a church in Ipswich.

Between 8pm on Saturday 30 December and 8am on Sunday 31 December, St Mary and St Botolph Church in Whitton was broken into and a large safe was stolen, which contained silverware and parish record books.

On Tuesday 2 January two men attempted to sell items of silver matching the description of those stolen from the church to a jewellers in Ipswich town centre, however no transaction took place and they left the shop with the items.

Police were notified of the incident and following initial CCTV enquiries two suspects were identified and arrested yesterday morning, Thursday 4 January.

The two suspects were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and have both subsequently been charged with receiving stolen goods.

Their details are as follows:

 * Ionut Avadanei, aged 19, of Crescent Road, Ipswich. He has been released on bail to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Monday 5 February.
 * Vasile Tecaru, aged 20, of Mountbatten Court, Ipswich. He has also been charged with attempted burglary, relating to an incident at a property in Norwich Road, Barham, between 10 and 12 April 2017. He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Friday 5 January.

Police are continuing to appeal for any witnesses or anyone with information about the burglary at the church to come forward.

As yet none of the stolen items have been recovered and so officers are also appealing for anyone who may have been offered any church silverware for sale to make contact. The stolen silver consists of items such as: communion cups; a bowl; flagons; a salver; chalices; and a wafer box.

Calls should be made to Ipswich West Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101 quoting reference 73/18, or Crimestoppers anonymously.

You can see photographs of the stolen items in the gallery below.

## Gallery
