```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:20:22+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:20:22+01:00'
og:
  description: A 56-year-old man has been jailed for a total of 24 years after being found guilty of raping and sexually assaulting a young boy.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/paulknappett.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for 24 years for rape and sexual assault of boy
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-25T10:20:22+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-24-years-rape-and-sexual-assault-boy
title: Man jailed for 24 years for rape and sexual assault of boy | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-24-years-rape-and-sexual-assault-boy
```

A 56-year-old man has been jailed for a total of 24 years after being found guilty of raping and sexually assaulting a young boy.

Paul Knappett, formerly of Cambridge Road in Lowestoft, was found guilty of six counts of rape and two of sexual assault on the boy, who was aged under eleven at time of the offences.

Knappett had pleaded not guilty, meaning his victim had to give evidence against him during a trial at Ipswich Crown Court, however a jury found him guilty of all eight charges.

Knappett appeared at Ipswich Crown Court for sentencing on Friday, 29 July, where he was jailed for 18 years for the rape and sexual assault crimes, and was given an additional six years as a dangerous offender – totalling a 24-year sentence.

> #### DC Annabelle Bunn, officer in the case, said; "I would like to praise the victim in coming forward and I’m in admiration of his bravery throughout the process. The physical and psychological effect the offences have had on him are incalculable and yet he still found the courage to give evidence in the court room to bring Knappett to justice.
>
> "As a child survivor of abuse he was given the option of giving evidence via video link but was particularly brave and made the choice to go into court. His testimony resulted in Knappett being found guilty of all offences and to being given a substantial jail term.
>
> "We continue to work to bring those responsible for such horrific abuse to justice and we would urge anyone who may have suffered to come forward. This case again demonstrates that we can get justice many years after the original offending, and there is help and support available even if you don’t want to go to court.”
>
