```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-15T14:03:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-15T14:03:59+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Constabulary has taken part in a national week of action against the on-going threat of County Lines.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk takes part in national week of action against County Lines
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-15T14:03:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-10-2018/suffolk-takes-part-national-week-action-against-county-lines
title: Suffolk takes part in national week of action against County Lines | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-10-2018/suffolk-takes-part-national-week-action-against-county-lines
```

Suffolk Constabulary has taken part in a national week of action against the on-going threat of County Lines.

County lines is a term used to describe gangs and organised criminal networks involved in exporting illegal drugs within the UK. The gang establishes a drug market in a rural town, with origins to an urban city location with mobile phones frequently used to facilitate the drug deals. They are likely to exploit children and vulnerable adults to move and store the drugs and money and they will often use coercion, intimidation, violence and weapons.

During the week, Suffolk Constabulary along with other forces conducted arrests and warrants, organising dedicated patrols, gathering intelligence across the county to ensure that the force continues to make Suffolk a hostile environment for criminals to operate in.

As part of the week of action officers made 19 arrests. These include nine arrests in connection with offences relating to possession of drugs with intent to supply, four arrests of possession of a firearm with intent and two arrests of possession of an offensive weapon.

Police also recovered around 150 wraps of class A drugs and seized four weapons – two knives and two suspected firearms. Around £3,500 in cash was also seized in the various operations and warrants conducted over the past week.

Supt. Kerry Cutler said: “This week of action has demonstrated how determined we are to root out the scourge of drugs from our communities.

“During 2017 and 2018 (upto end of June) the force made 933 arrests in relation to the supply of controlled drugs. In 2018, 141 of these were in relation to possession with intent to supply class A drugs.

“In essence, although this week saw more dedicated activity, it is important to recognise that that our work to address the issue of ‘county lines’ and drug supply is something we tackle all year round.

“We have seen positive results under the Velocity banner in recent months but arrests are only one small part of the work we do. Our Youth Gang Prevention Team have been working closely with partners to prevent young people becoming involved in gangs. Over the summer period (June to September) the team have undertaken 31 visits to schools, 132 engagements visits to young people (where they and families are signposted to places for help) and made 31 safeguarding referrals.

“Elsewhere, last month three men were jailed for a combined total of just over 30 years for their involvement in the supply of Class A drugs in Ipswich, while in August three other men were sentenced to over 11 years in jail for class A drug offences – in both cases the offenders had strong links to London.

“As I have said previously policing alone will not solve the issue of drug addiction and we need to ensure everyone is playing their part to protect the community from drugs

“We want to help those vulnerable members of the community, who get caught-up in this kind of activity to support their habit and break the cycle. It is about ensuring the next generation can grow up in a safe county without fear of violence or intimidation.”

 **Report it**

We all have a role to play in keeping our local areas safe from drug dealing, and associated gang exploitation and violence.

If you suspect drug dealing is taking place or you are concerned that a young person or vulnerable adult may have been targeted by an organised crime group, please tell us. You don’t have to be certain, just concerned.

Call us on 101 or if you prefer you can contact Crimestoppers to report anonymously – online or by calling 0800 555 111.

If someone is in immediate danger or a crime is taking place you should always dial 999.

Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said: “The so-called, County Lines are a really serious threat to the county and I fully support this national awareness campaign which highlights this escalating threat. Sadly this county lines issue touches every single district and borough in the county.”

“Suffolk Police is taking this threat extremely serious and is to be congratulated on their successful prosecutions to date, however this epidemic cannot be dealt with by policing alone, we need a multi-agency approach.

“Council leaders across the county and I are united in our ambition to protect our young people from getting dragged into this dreadful existence. We have agreed the problem needs to be tackled county-wide to prevent drug activity simply being pushed out of Ipswich and into other parts of Suffolk.

“We have allocated £500K to fund a multi-agency team which to co-ordinate efforts to tackle drugs and related gang culture and to conduct early-intervention and education work with young people to stop them getting involved in the first place. This, combined with increased enforcement, will clearly demonstrate Suffolk will not tolerate this.”

He added: “As part of our commitment to prevent our youngsters becoming involved in this awful crime we are totally committed to working with and funding the voluntary sector right across Suffolk with activities for them.

“Organisations such as ‘Positive Futures’ and ‘Inspire’ as well as others do fantastic work and as long as I am the PCC this funding will continue. We've got to eradicate this problem.”

Information can help police remove drugs and violence from our communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the 101 number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
