```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-15T11:32:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-14T08:43:52+00:00'
og:
  description: A 32-year-old man has been charged in connection with two attempted robberies in Mildenhall.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Mildenhall - Man charged with attempted robberies
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-15T11:32:41+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-12-2017/mildenhall-man-charged-attempted-robberies
title: Mildenhall - Man charged with attempted robberies | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-12-2017/mildenhall-man-charged-attempted-robberies
```

A 32-year-old man has been charged in connection with two attempted robberies in Mildenhall.

The two incidents occurred between 4.10pm and 4.20pm on Wednesday 13 December, in Mill Street and St Andrews Street.

In each location a man made a failed attempt to steal handbags from a 17-year-old girl and a 62-year-old woman, but in both cases members of the public intervened and the suspect ran away.

During the incident in Mill Street involving the 17-year-old victim, the suspect was holding a hammer.

Police were called and arrived within a matter of minutes, arresting a man in connection with the incidents a short while later and he was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Terry Jones, of Cutters Close, Beck Row, has subsequently been charged with two counts of attempted robbery and also possession of an offensive weapon.

He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Friday 15 December.

## Previous release | 14 December 2017

A man has been arrested following two attempted robberies in Mildenhall.

The two incidents occurred yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 13 December, between 4.10pm and 4.20pm in Mill Street and St Andrews Street.

In each location a man made a failed attempt to steal handbags from a 17-year-old girl and a 62-year-old woman, but in both cases members of the public intervened and the suspect ran away.

Police were called and arrived within a matter of minutes and a short while later arrested a 32-year-old man from the Mildenhall area on suspicion of robbery.

He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he currently remains for questioning.

Any witnesses to either incident are asked to call to call West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 79285/17.
