```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-13T16:02:57+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-13T16:02:57+01:00'
og:
  description: New volunteers are actively being sought to join the ranks of Suffolk and Norfolk Special Constabularies.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/specialsonbw_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Recruitment event for the Special Constabulary in Eye
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-13T16:02:57+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/recruitment-event-special-constabulary-eye
title: Recruitment event for the Special Constabulary in Eye | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/recruitment-event-special-constabulary-eye
```

New volunteers are actively being sought to join the ranks of Suffolk and Norfolk Special Constabularies. Special Constables regularly volunteer their time to assist the regular police force in keeping Norfolk and Suffolk safe.

The Special Constabulary is on the look-out for committed recruits who are keen to experience the rewards and challenges of policing.

Becoming a Special Constable is a positive opportunity to develop existing skills or to learn new ones, give something back to your local community and become a part of a diverse organisation that fights crime in the county. It is also a good way to try police work if you are considering a career as a full time officer.

The role of a Special Constable includes providing high visibility patrols and helping to police major incidents and events. They also offer vital links in the partnership between the police service and the public.

If you are 18 years or older, in good health and of good character, you can apply. You will get full training to become part of a team that deals with a variety of incidents and events across Norfolk and Suffolk.

Karen Harris, Specials & Volunteers Manager said " Specials are an integral part of our organisation, they are extremely valued and valuable, all of our Special Officers are highly trained and play an essential role in preventing, reducing and tackling crime and keeping Suffolk safe. We are seeking applicants from all communities in our county so if you have 16 hours a month to offer us, anytime of day or night and are interested in finding out more please come along to one of our events.

A recruitment event will be held at Brome Grange Hotel, Norwich Road, Eye IP23 8AP on Wednesday 30 November, starting at 7.30pm.

If you intend to go along to this event, please confirm your attendance by e-mailing [email protected].
