```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-23T17:04:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-23T17:04:56+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Police are appealing for witnesses, and are reminding drivers not to leave valuable items in vehicles, following a series of thefts from transit vans in the Lowestoft area.\_There were at least seven offences overnight, Wednesday 22 into Thursday 23 November.Details of the incidents are as follows:\u2022 At the junction of Harvey Street and Selby Street, Lowestoft \u2013 sometime between 5:30pm and 11:20pm last night\u2022 Rectory Road, Lowestoft \u2013 at some point between 6pm and 5:30am\u2022 St Peters Road, Lowestoft \u2013 at some point between 6pm and 7am"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer_responding_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Appeal after thefts from vans - Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-23T17:04:56+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2017/appeal-after-thefts-vans-lowestoft
title: Appeal after thefts from vans - Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2017/appeal-after-thefts-vans-lowestoft
```

Suffolk Police are appealing for witnesses, and are reminding drivers not to leave valuable items in vehicles, following a series of thefts from transit vans in the Lowestoft area.

There were at least seven offences overnight, Wednesday 22 into Thursday 23 November.

Details of the incidents are as follows:

• At the junction of Harvey Street and Selby Street, Lowestoft – sometime between 5:30pm and 11:20pm last night

• Rectory Road, Lowestoft – at some point between 6pm and 5:30am

• St Peters Road, Lowestoft – at some point between 6pm and 7am

• Wellington Road, Lowestoft – at some point between 6pm and 9am

• Nelson Road, Pakefield – sometime between 7pm and 5:30am

• Two incidents in Beaconsfield Road, Lowestoft – at some point between 9pm and 6:30am

Numerous power tools, including branded drills, angle grinders, saws, breaker guns and jigsaws have been stolen and police are asking anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in these areas overnight to come forward.

Officers are keen to hear from anyone who may have noticed any unusual activity or suspicious vehicles in these areas over the past week. Anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101.

If you are offered tools in suspicious circumstances, please do not buy them and let police know immediately via 101. You can also contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.

Van owners are advised to consider the following measures to reduce the risk of being a victim of crime:

\- Always lock all doors & shut windows, physically checking van doors are locked.

\- Do not leave any items on display.

\- Park in a garage or secure area where possible.

\- Park with the doors against a wall.

\- If you park on your driveway consider installing motion activated CCTV.

\- Be particularly aware when un-loading.

\- Remove tools from the van if possible.

\- Register tools for free at www.immobilise.com

\- Mark all tools (with a forensic marking solution if possible)

\- To increase the security of tools, you can bolt either a cage or box to the base of the van which should be secured with a sturdy close shackle padlock to reduce and deter further incidents.

\- Setting an alarm or immobiliser will make it more difficult for the offender.

\- Consider upgrading locks/fitting additional protection.

\- Information on Police approved products can be found at www.securedbydesign.com
