```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-01T13:44:03+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-16T15:14:57+00:00'
og:
  description: A 60 year-old-man from Norfolk has been jailed for 15 months, in connection with a road traffic collision in Lowestoft last year, following which an 86 year-old-man died.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/grahambrooks.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Man jailed for 15 months following collision"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-01T13:44:03+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-11-2017/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-man-jailed-15-months-following-collision
title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Man jailed for 15 months following collision | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-11-2017/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-man-jailed-15-months-following-collision
```

A 60 year-old-man from Norfolk has been jailed for 15 months, in connection with a road traffic collision in Lowestoft last year, following which an 86 year-old-man died.

Graham Brooks, of Max Carter Close, Worstead, near North Walsham, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice, failure to stop following a collision, failure to report a collision and also making a false statement to obtain insurance.

Brooks appeared before Norwich Crown Court on Friday 28 September and was given a nine-month prison sentence for perverting the course of justice; three months for failing to stop and failing to report a collision; and three months for the insurance offence. These will run consecutively amounting to 15 months in total.

In the early hours of Wednesday 15 November 2017, at around 12.50am, emergency services were called to the High Street in Lowestoft, to reports of an injured man who was found close to the Jubilee Way petrol station.

The victim, Brian Mitchell, an 86-year-old man from Lowestoft, had sustained injuries consistent with being struck by a vehicle that had failed to stop. Mr Mitchell was taken to hospital with suspected wrist, hand, leg and head injuries, but his condition deteriorated and he sadly died on 23 December 2017.

Police investigating the circumstances of the collision used extensive forensic, intelligence, mobile phone and CCTV work to trace the vehicle and the driver involved.

Graham Brooks, the driver, was interviewed by police in December 2017 and denied being involved in the collision. He also gave false and misleading information to officers in an attempt to frustrate the police investigation.

Brooks was subsequently charged with perverting the course of justice, failure to stop after a road traffic collision and failure to report after a collision.

Sergeant Scott Lee-Amies, from Serious Collision Investigation Team, said: "Having suffered such a loss in these tragic circumstances I do hope that today’s result provides some measure of closure to Mr Mitchell’s family.

"The truth is that only Graham Brooks knows what took place on the night in question. He has been repeatedly asked to explain what happened and has failed to do so, instead attempting to hinder and mislead the police investigation and absolve himself of blame. He did this throughout the process, as well as protesting his innocence and complaining to his Member of Parliament.

"Our specialist collision investigation officers were able to forensically link his vehicle to the collision and track Brooks’ movements that night, using Automatic Number Plate Recognition, CCTV and mobile phone analysis.

"Having already suffered an horrific loss, the time-consuming nature of this work and lack of assistance from Brooks, meant that the victim’s family were caused further, unnecessary upset. I would like to commend Mr Mitchell's family for the dignity that they have shown throughout this difficult time.

"I would also like to thank DC Barry Teare, PC Callum Walchester and Sergeant Adrian Hales, whose diligent investigation into the full circumstances of the collision ultimately led to Graham Brooks being charged with these offences.”

## Previous release | 24 December 2017

Suffolk Police can confirm that a man has sadly died following a collision in Lowestoft last month.

On Wednesday 15 November, emergency services were called to the High Street in Lowestoft at 12.50am, to reports of an injured man found close to the Jubilee Way petrol station.

86-year-old Brian Mitchell, from Lowestoft, had sustained injuries consistent with being struck by a vehicle that had failed to stop.

Mr Mitchell was taken to hospital with suspected wrist, hand, leg and head injuries, but his condition deteriorated and he died yesterday.

As a result of police enquiries, a man has been interviewed in connection with the incident, and the investigation is ongoing.

Anyone with any information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101, quoting incident number 6 of 15 November.

## Previous release | 15 November 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses following an incident in Lowestoft.

Officers were called in the early hours of Wednesday 15 November at around 00.50am to reports that an injured man had been found by a member of the public on the High Street in Lowestoft, near to the petrol station.

The man, in his eighties, was taken to hospital for treatment. He has sustained a broken wrist, has broken or dislocated a number of fingers and has a suspected broken leg.

Officers believe that the man may have been struck by a vehicle which failed to stop at the scene and are investigating to determine the full circumstances.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information are asked to call Lowestoft Police on 101 quoting reference CAD 6 of 15 November.
