```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-06T15:51:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-04T16:17:13+00:00'
og:
  description: A man from Colchester has been arrested in connection with a series of burglaries across south Suffolk and north Essex.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/3-pcso_new_uniform_out_and_about-05122008.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man arrested after burglaries in Pinewood
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-06T15:51:02+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/burglaries-pinewood
title: Man arrested after burglaries in Pinewood | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/burglaries-pinewood
```

A man from Colchester has been arrested in connection with a series of burglaries across south Suffolk and north Essex.

The 23-year-old was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to burgle by officers from Suffolk Police on Wednesday 1 February. These offences include six burglaries which occurred in Pinewood on Tuesday 3 January.

The man was questioned by detectives at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and has been bailed in respect of these offences until Friday 24 March, pending further enquires.

## Previous release | 4 January 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following reports of six burglaries which took place in Pinewood on the outskirts of Ipswich yesterday, Tuesday 3 January.

The burglaries are similar in nature and detectives are exploring how many of them may be linked.

These crimes have typically taken place in the same location, during daytime hours at properties where the occupants have not been at home, and involved the offenders forcing entry. The items that are mainly being stolen are cash and jewellery.

The burglaries took place in the following locations:

• Grayling Road - sometime between 8.40am and 4.45pm suspects forced entry at the rear of the property by using a brick to smash the glass of the patio door and then stole items of jewellery

• Cinnabar Close – entry was forced at the rear of the property and cash and jewellery were stolen

• Brimstone Road – sometime between 4.05pm and 5.05pm entry was forced by using a brick to smash glass in a rear door and cash and jewellery were stolen

• Yew Tree Rise – during the daytime entry was forced at the rear of the property and a quantity of cash and jewellery including two sovereign rings were stolen

• Quilter Drive – sometime between 10am and 6pm suspects forced entry at the rear of the property by using a brick to smash the glass of the patio door and then stole cash and jewellery

• Quilter Drive – sometime between 3.30pm and 7.30pm entry was forced at the rear of the property. It is now yet clear what has been stolen

As the majority of the burglaries in this series involve houses being entered by force rather than because of insecurities, police are urging members of the public to be their eyes and ears and ‘See it, Hear it, Report it’.

By following a few simple steps, you can reduce the chances of becoming a victim of burglary.

**1\. LOCK**

• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house. This limits the amount of escape routes available to burglars.

• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.

• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.

• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.

• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.

• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

**2\. LIGHT**

• Leave low-energy lights on timers around the house and keep a radio on to make it seem as though someone is home.

• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.

• Burglars often prefer to work in the dark to avoid detection. Stop burglars from hiding in your driveway and paths by installing an ambient security light that will not disturb neighbours.

• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.

• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

**3\. HIDE**

• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.

• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Hide away to prevent them being stolen.

• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.

• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.

• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

For further crime prevention advice please visit the Suffolk Constabulary webpage www.suffolk.police.uk or contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101.

If you witnesses any suspicious activity in the area yesterday or have any information contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting reference 10467/16. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
