```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-08T11:59:38+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-08T11:58:51+01:00'
og:
  description: A report published today, Thursday 18th February, has praised Suffolk Constabulary for its effectiveness at keeping people safe and reducing crime.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Suffolk Constabulary rated as \u2018good\u2019 at delivering \u2018most important responsibilities of a police force\u2019"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-08T11:59:38+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-constabulary-rated-%E2%80%98good%E2%80%99-delivering-%E2%80%98most-important-responsibilities
title: "Suffolk Constabulary rated as \u2018good\u2019 at delivering \u2018most important responsibilities of a police force\u2019 | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-constabulary-rated-%E2%80%98good%E2%80%99-delivering-%E2%80%98most-important-responsibilities
```

A report published today, Thursday 18th February, has praised Suffolk Constabulary for its effectiveness at keeping people safe and reducing crime.

The report, released by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) judged the Constabulary on what it refers to as ‘the most important responsibilities of a police force’, commending Suffolk for its effectiveness at preventing crime and anti-social behaviour, tackling serious and organised crime, managing offenders and investigating crime.

Inspectors highlighted the Constabulary’s success at retaining a strong local policing presence despite financial constraints and commended the force’s understanding and response to national threats and serious and organised crime. It also notes that the level of satisfaction experienced by victims of crime in Suffolk remains higher than the national average for England and Wales.

The report references the significant work underway to address the force’s approach to protecting those who are vulnerable, which inspectors judged to ‘require improvement’, alongside 26 other forces in the country.

Inspectors noted the good service provided by the Constabulary in identifying and supporting vulnerable people and how it responds. A vast amount of work was being carried out in this area at the time of the inspection and much has been completed since, resulting in improved procedures and enhanced services. Reports of crimes in Suffolk involving vulnerability, such as sexual offences, domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation have increased significantly in line with police forces nationally. Services have therefore been re-designed and teams strengthened in response.

Eight additional detectives and twelve staff investigators have been added into the Protecting Vulnerable People (PVP) directorate over the last year. The detectives were moved from the Criminal Investigation Department to enhance the number of skilled investigators in the team, and the staff posts, which were funded with £350k from the £835K generated by the PCC’s decision to increase the council tax precept in 2015/16. These were introduced with a focus on investigations in the areas of child abuse, vulnerable adult abuse, rape, serious sex offences and trafficking and exploitation. In August 2015 the County Policing Command also deployed its Priority Crime Teams to support the work of the dedicated rape and serious sexual offences teams.

This year, as part of the Suffolk Local Policing Review, an extra 30 police officers and additional police staff will be added to investigative teams dealing with cyber crime and vulnerability. These will be funded through the increase in council tax precept and the improved funding position from the Home Office.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "This is the second positive grading we have received from HMIC this month and is a reflection of the commitment and dedication across the Constabulary to delivering the highest possible standard of policing.

"The report looked at a broad range of important issues for the constabulary, covering the most fundamental aspects of policing today – from our ability to understand local concerns, to our readiness to respond to serious and organised crime. This reflects the breadth of policing demand today, and I am delighted that inspectors have acknowledged our work to equip ourselves to respond to every challenge we face.

"A key part of creating sustainable policing services is the ability to work effectively with partners. I am pleased that inspectors have recognised the wealth of shared resources and specialisms we now have in our collaborative arrangements with Norfolk Constabulary and in our local partnerships in areas such as safeguarding.

"We are in the process of implementing a new policing model for Suffolk as part of the Suffolk Local Policing Review. The driving force behind this service re-design has been the need to align our resources to the demand we currently face. A significant part of this demand is in the area of protecting vulnerable people, and the report highlighted the need for us to improve our response in this area. We recognised the significant increase in reported crime involving vulnerability and have taken a range of steps towards strengthening our resources. Our improved financial position following the Government’s autumn statement and the PCC’s decision to raise the council tax precept means that we can strengthen our teams even further, whilst also re-designing our investigative processes to provide an enhanced service to victims.”

> #### Tim Passmore, Police and Crime Commissioner said, "I’d like to congratulate the Constabulary for this very reassuring assessment. It is clear from the report that the Constabulary is maintaining its high level of performance, working well with partners and working hard to prevent reoffending – a key part of Suffolk’s Police and Crime Plan.”
>
> "I’m pleased to see that the HMIC recognised the Constabulary’s ongoing work with mental health professionals to support those suffering from mental health issues; this has been a major piece of work across the county.
>
> "It is particularly pleasing that the inspectors highlighted our commitment to a strong local policing presence."
