```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-01T11:43:36+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-01T11:42:41+01:00'
og:
  description: "An Ipswich man has been charged in connection with an aggravated burglary in Ipswich last weekend.Police were called on Saturday 26 September at 4am to a targeted aggravated burglary in progress at a home on Birkfield Drive in Ipswich. Offenders reportedly gained access to the property and made threats to the occupants before leaving the scene in a dark coloured vehicle.\_Police believe those involved in the incident are known to each other."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-car-road-istock-943818644.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich man charged in connection with aggravated burglary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-01T11:43:36+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-charged-connection-aggravated-burglary
title: Ipswich man charged in connection with aggravated burglary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipswich-man-charged-connection-aggravated-burglary
```

An Ipswich man has been charged in connection with an aggravated burglary in Ipswich last weekend.

Police were called on Saturday 26 September at 4am to a targeted aggravated burglary in progress at a home on Birkfield Drive in Ipswich. Offenders reportedly gained access to the property and made threats to the occupants before leaving the scene in a dark coloured vehicle.

Police believe those involved in the incident are known to each other.

A 32-year-old man and a 51-year-old man who were arrested in connection with the incident have both been released under investigation, pending further enquiries.

29-year-old Dwayne Farrell of All Saints Road in Ipswich has been charged with aggravated burglary, assault, witness intimidation, threats to kill and threats to commit criminal damage.

Farrell is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Thursday 1 October.

## Previous release | 30 September 2020

Suffolk Police have arrested three men in connection with an aggravated burglary in Ipswich last weekend.

Police were called on Saturday 26 September at 4am to a targeted aggravated burglary in progress at a home on Birkfield Drive in Ipswich. Offenders reportedly gained access to the property and made threats to the occupants before leaving the scene in a dark coloured vehicle.

Police believe those involved in the incident are known to each other.

Last night at around 6pm, police arrested three men in Halesworth in connection with the incident who were taken into custody for questioning.

A 29-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary, assault and stalking, and a 32-year-old man and a 51-year-old man were both arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary and assault.

All three remain in custody at this time.
