```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-23T16:00:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-23T16:00:39+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses and urging residents to be vigilant following a series of burglaries in Mildenhall.The first incident occurred between 4.30am on Saturday 14 July and 11.45pm on Tuesday 17 July when an offender gained entry via an insecure door and stole three rings, an activity tracker and a set of keys from inside a property in Macpherson Robertson Way (39965/18).
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Mildenhall \u2013 Burglaries appeal"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-23T16:00:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-07-2018/mildenhall-%E2%80%93-burglaries-appeal
title: "Mildenhall \u2013 Burglaries appeal | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-07-2018/mildenhall-%E2%80%93-burglaries-appeal
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging residents to be vigilant following a series of burglaries in Mildenhall.

The first incident occurred between 4.30am on Saturday 14 July and 11.45pm on Tuesday 17 July when an offender gained entry via an insecure door and stole three rings, an activity tracker and a set of keys from inside a property in Macpherson Robertson Way (39965/18).

A second burglary took place between 7pm on Sunday 15 July and 6pm on Wednesday 18 July when an offender forced a door and searched a property in Queensway. It isn’t known if anything was stolen (40194/18).

The third burglary took place between 1.45am and 5am on Thursday 19 July when an offender gained entry by unknown means and stole a wallet, two laptops, a set of car keys and a car which was parked outside in Jim Mollison Court (40305/18).

Officers are currently keeping an open mind regarding whether these incidents are linked and enquiries are ongoing.

In the meantime, officers are taking this opportunity to advise people of some crime prevention measures as the warm weather continues:

LOCK
• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

LIGHT
• Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
•You could also consider installing a Ring doorbell camera in order to potentially film an opportunist burglar in action. For more information, visit http://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-02-2018/suffolk-constabulary-continues-tackle-burglary-help-smart-technology
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

HIDE
• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

Anyone who witnessed any of the incidents, saw any suspicious activity or has knowledge of any of the incidents should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
