```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-25T09:45:46+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-24T10:05:48+01:00'
og:
  description: A 24-year-old man arrested yesterday following a police pursuit has today, Monday 24 April, been charged with five offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Felixstowe - Man charged following pursuit
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-25T09:45:46+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/felixstowe-man-charged-following-pursuit
title: Felixstowe - Man charged following pursuit | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/felixstowe-man-charged-following-pursuit
```

A 24-year-old man arrested yesterday following a police pursuit has today, Monday 24 April, been charged with five offences.

Around 10.00am yesterday Sunday 23 April, officers out on routine patrol in Ipswich had cause to follow a vehicle. The car, a black Vauxhall Corsa, failed to stop when requested to do so and a pursuit then ensued.

The vehicle was pursued along the A14 towards Felixstowe travelling at speeds in excess of 100 miles per hour. The car exited the A14 at Trimley, and then drove down High Road, towards Felixstowe. The vehicle then drove back through the town and finally stopped at an address in St Mary’s Crescent, Walton, Felixstowe at around 10.15am. A 24 year old man from Ipswich was arrested at the scene and a second man, a 25 year old man from Felixstowe was also detained Nobody is believed to have been injured as a result of this incident.

Earlier yesterday morning officers received reports of an assault of man which took place in the Purdis Farm area of Ipswich just before 10.00am. The victim sustained cuts and bruising to his face, a suspected broken nose and has lost a tooth. The suspect, a man driving a black Vauxhall Corsa car is then understood to have left the scene. It is believed that this followed a road rage type incident with another vehicle earlier today near St Augustine’s roundabout in Ipswich.

Matthew Hockley-Hills of no fixed abode has been charged with dangerous driving, failing to stop for police and failure to supply a breath specimen. He has also been charged with an assault which took place yesterday in Ipswich and criminal damage to a police cell.

Hockley-Hills has been remanded to appear before Ipswich Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning, Tuesday 25 April.

A 25-year-old man arrested yesterday on suspicion of obstructing police in connection with this incident has been released and with face no further action.

## Previous release | 23/04/2017

A 24-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, failing to stop for police and assault following two incidents this morning. A 25-year-old man has also been arrested on suspicion of obstructing police.

Around 10.00am today, Sunday 23 April, officers out on routine patrol in Ipswich had cause to follow a vehicle. The car, a black Vauxhall Corsa, failed to stop when requested to do so in Felixstowe Road and a pursuit then ensued.

The vehicle was pursued along the A14 towards Felixstowe travelling at speeds in excess of 100 miles per hour. The car exited the A14 at Trimley, and then drove down High Road, towards Felixstowe. Two people walking dogs on Golf Road and two horse riders on Ferry Road in Old Felixstowe had to take avoiding action. The vehicle then drove back through the town and finally stopped at an address in St Mary’s Crescent, Walton, Felixstowe at around 10.15am. A 24 year old man from Ipswich and a 25 year old man from Felixstowe were arrested at the scene. Nobody is believed to have been injured as a result of this incident. Both men have been brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned by officers.

Earlier this morning officers received reports of an assault of man which took place in the Purdis Farm area of Ipswich just before 10.00am. The victim sustained cuts and bruising to his face, a suspected broken nose and has lost a tooth. The suspect, a man driving a black Vauxhall Corsa car is then understood to have left the scene. It is believed that this followed a road rage type incident with another vehicle earlier today near St Augustine’s roundabout in Ipswich.

Anyone who may have seen any part of either incident or believes they witnessed the black Vauxhall Corsa being driven along the route described is asked to call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 127 of Sunday 23 April.
