```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-14T15:54:52+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-27T23:01:08+01:00'
og:
  description: A 17-year-boy has been found guilty of a public order offence following an incident in Bury St Edmunds in July last year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Teenager found guilty of public order offence"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-14T15:54:52+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-07-2018/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-teenager-found-guilty-public-order-offence
title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Teenager found guilty of public order offence | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-07-2018/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-teenager-found-guilty-public-order-offence
```

A 17-year-boy has been found guilty of a public order offence following an incident in Bury St Edmunds in July last year.

The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was charged with using threatening or abusive words or behaviour towards a woman in the town last year but he denied the offence when he appeared at Ipswich Youth Court on Thursday 1 November, 2018.

At Ipswich Youth Court yesterday, Wednesday 13 February, the boy was found guilty and is due to be sentenced on Thursday 7 March.

The offence took place at around 5.30pm in St Olaves Road, on Friday 27 July, 2018, when a victim, a woman aged in her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was severely distressed by the incident but was physically unharmed.

Four other teenagers, a 17-year-old, now 18, a 16-year-old and two 15-year-olds, one who is now aged 16, also all pleaded guilty to the offence in July at court on Thursday 1 November.

The 16-year-old also admitted possessing a Class B drug - cannabis when he was arrested and was fined £20.

All four youths were given 12-month referral orders and were ordered to pay £100 compensation.

18-year-old Cohan Semple, of Wilcox Avenue, also pleaded guilty to using threatening or abusive words or behaviour towards the woman, when he appeared at Ipswich Youth Court on Thursday 1 November.

Semple received a 12-month community order, was told to complete 60 hours of unpaid work and given a 20-day rehabilitation activity requirement. He was also ordered to pay £100 in compensation, an £85 victim surcharge and £85 in costs when he appeared at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court, on Tuesday 4 December, 2018.

## Previous release | 5 December 2018

A man from Bury St Edmunds has been given a community order following an incident in the town in July.

Cohan Semple, 18, of Wilcox Avenue, pleaded guilty to using threatening or abusive words or behaviour towards a woman in her 40s in Bury St Edmunds, when he appeared at Ipswich Magistrates' Court on Thursday 1 November.

At Ipswich Magistrates' Court, yesterday, Tuesday 4 December, Semple received a 12-month community order, was told to complete 60 hours of unpaid work and given a 20-day rehabilitation activity requirement. He was also ordered to pay £100 in compensation, an £85 victim surcharge and £85 in costs.

The offence took place at around 5.30pm in St Olaves Road, on Friday 27 July, when a victim, a woman aged in her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was severely distressed by the incident but was physically unharmed.

A 17-year-old, a 16-year-old and two 15-year-olds also all pleaded guilty to the offence in July at court on Thursday 1 November.

The 16-year-old also admitted possessing a Class B drug - cannabis when he was arrested and was fined £20.

All four youths were given 12-month referral orders and were ordered to pay £100 compensation.

A sixth boy, who was later charged with the incident in the summer, denied the offence at court on Thursday 1 November. He will face trial on February 13.

## Previous release | 11 October 2018

Two 15-year old boys, a 16-year-old and two 17-year-old boys have been charged with using threatening or abusive words or behaviour in connection with an incident in Bury St Edmunds.

The incident occurred at around 5.30pm on Friday 27 July in St Olaves Road. The victim, a woman aged in her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was severely distressed by the incident but was physically unharmed.

The 16-year-old boy has also been charged with possession of a Class B drug – cannabis.

All five boys have been bailed and are due to appear before Ipswich Youth Court on Thursday 1 November.

## Previous release | 21 August 2018

Five teenagers have been rebailed following an assault in Bury St Edmunds.

The incident occurred at around 5.30pm on Friday 27 July in St Olaves Road. The victim, a woman aged in her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was severely distressed by the incident but was physically unharmed.

Two 15-year-old boys, a 16-year-old boy and two 17-year-old boys have been rebailed until early September.

A sixth boy – a 16-year-old – who was questioned under caution, remains under investigation.

## Previous release | 30 July 2018

Police investigating the assault of a woman in Bury St Edmunds have arrested a fifth person in connection with the incident.

The incident occurred at around 5.30pm on Friday 27 July in St Olaves Road. The victim, a woman aged in her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was severely distressed by the incident but was physically unharmed.

A fifth person – a 15-year-old boy – was arrested yesterday afternoon, Sunday 29 July, on suspicion of common assault. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and later released on police bail pending further enquiries. The boy must return to police custody in mid-August.

Two 17-year-olds and two 15-year-olds have been arrested in connection with the incident, all on suspicion of common assault. All four have been released on police bail pending further enquiries and will answer police bail in mid-August.

A sixth boy – a 16-year-old – was also questioned under caution. The boy remains under investigation.

Acting Detective Superintendent Barry Byford said: "This is a live investigation and we do not support vigilantism in any way, shape or form. Social media users should remember that sharing names and images, which may later form part of a criminal investigation, can disrupt or jeopardise the case.

"We are satisfied that we have spoken to everyone involved with the incident and we are continuing to support the victim.”

## Previous release | 29 July 2018

Police investigating the assault of a woman in Bury St Edmunds have released four males from custody.

The incident occurred at around 5.30pm on Friday 27 July in St Olaves Road. The victim, a woman aged in her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was severely distressed by the incident but was physically unharmed.

A 17-year-old boy, who arrested yesterday and two 15 year olds also arrested in connection with the incident have been release on bail pending further enquiries.

Another 17 year old boy was arrested in connection with the incident overnight and taken into custody for questioning. He has also released on police bail pending further enquiries.

## Previous release I 28 July 2018 5.30pm

Police investigating the assault of a woman in Bury St Edmunds have made two more arrests in connection with the incident.

The incident occurred at around 5.30pm yesterday, Friday 27 July in St Olaves Road.

The victim, a woman aged in her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was physically unharmed.

Two further teenagers, both 15-years-old, have now been arrested in connection with the incident and are currently in police custody.

A 17-year-old boy, who was arrested yesterday, currently remains in custody.

Inspector Anthony Bridgland said: "This type of behaviour is totally unacceptable and we are treating the matter seriously. We have made three arrests so far and we are continuing to carry out further lines of enquiry.

"We know this incident may have caused concern and anger both in the local community and online but we would like to reassure everyone that we are tackling the matter robustly and supporting the victim."

Anyone with information about this incident or anyone who may have witnessed anything is asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting reference 42206/18 or use the online link by visiting http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/report-something.

## Previous release | 27 July 2018

A teenager has been arrested following an assault in Bury St Edmunds.

The incident occurred at around 5.30pm today, Friday 27 July in St Olaves Road.

The victim, a woman aged her 40s, was assaulted by a group of teenagers who threw flour and eggs over her after a verbal altercation. The woman was left physically unharmed.

A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of common assault. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning where he currently remains in custody.

Any witnesses to the incident are asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting reference 42206/18, or the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
