```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-08T11:04:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-08T11:04:40+01:00'
og:
  description: "FGM is the \u2018cutting\u2019 or circumcision of a girl\u2019s genitalia for non-medical reasons and it is against the law in the UK."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-crest-close-up.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk Police support International Day for Zero Tolerance to Female Genital Mutilation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-08T11:04:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-support-international-day-zero-tolerance-female-genital-mutilation
title: Suffolk Police support International Day for Zero Tolerance to Female Genital Mutilation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-support-international-day-zero-tolerance-female-genital-mutilation
```

Tomorrow, Saturday February 6 marks an important date in the global calendar to raise awareness of a harmful form of abuse, which is happening to millions of women and girls world-wide. International Day for Zero Tolerance to Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) is a yearly event which aims to raise awareness of FGM and promote its eradication. FGM is the ‘cutting’ or circumcision of a girl’s genitalia for non-medical reasons and it is against the law in the UK.

Tackling FGM and other forms of abuse remains a priority for Suffolk Constabulary and some key work is underway with officers, staff and partners to educate them on this complex and sensitive subject, so they are equipped to deal with such cases and spot the signs of FGM.

Information from the World Health Organisation estimates that 120-140 million women have been subjected to the procedure. A further three million girls are thought to be at risk each year.

Bal Howard, Honour Based Abuse Project and Performance Officer said: "FGM constitutes a form of child abuse and violence against women and girls, and has severe short-term and long-term physical and psychological consequences.

> #### "Over 65,000 girls are at risk in the UK, and we recognise this is an issue in Suffolk.
>
> #### "It is against the law to carry out, aid or abet any form of FGM and this is why it is so important that we do all we can to get the message out there and raise awareness to protect victims and potential victims across the county.”
>
> #### Detective Inspector Jim Gooding who is the Suffolk Police lead for Honour-based abused said: "Due to the awareness training among partners carried out we have started to see an increase in referrals around FGM.
>
> #### "There is now have an established process in place that allows regulated health and social care professionals and teachers to complete their obligations of mandatory reporting of ‘known’ cases of FGM in under 18s which they identify in the course of their professional work directly to the police”.
>
> #### "There are currently no convictions in the UK, however we work hard to link in with partners to put safety plans in place for individuals at risk and carry out investigations where appropriate.”

Tim Passmore, Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner said; "This is an abhorrent, illegal practice which is often hidden and unreported.

"Nationally we need to have a far better understanding of this terrible crime and adopt a zero tolerance to female genital mutilation. This activity has absolutely no place in 21st century Britain.

"We need to work together to stop this serious harm happening in our society and give victims the support they need.”

If you are concerned about yourself or someone you know, or if you are living with the consequences of FGM there are support services available within Suffolk. For more information and advice contact Suffolk Refugee Support by calling 0808 800 4005 or visit

www.suffolkrefugee.org.uk/

Alternatively, contact the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) who have a free anonymous FGM helpline which is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week 0800 028 3550, They can also be emailed at [email protected] Visit their website for further information -

www.nspcc.org.uk/preventing-abuse/child-abuse-and-neglect/female-genital-mutilation-fgm/

FGM is illegal in the UK and it is also illegal to take a girl out of the country to undergo FGM. If you are concerned about yourself or someone you know then do call Suffolk Police on 101. In an emergency always call 999.

The United Nations leads the largest global programme to accelerate the abandonment of FGM

http://www.un.org/en/events/femalegenitalmutilationday/ Follow the Twitter conversation #EndFGM

## FGM - Key facts

 * Globally, it is estimated that at least 140 million girls and women alive today have undergone some form of FGM.
 * If current trends continue, about 86 million additional girls worldwide will be subjected to the practice by 2030.
 * FGM is mostly carried out on young girls sometime between infancy and age 15.
 * FGM cause severe bleeding and health issues including cysts, infections, infertility as well as complications in childbirth including an increased risk of newborn deaths.
 * FGM is a violation of the human rights of girls and women.
