```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-22T12:53:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-22T12:53:22+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police have arrested five people in connection with drug offences in Ipswich.\_Officers from the Scorpion drug team along with locally based officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team were conducting a welfare check on a property on Little Gipping Street yesterday (Thur 21 January)\_When they arrived at the property, one male was identified as the tenant outside the property and a search of him was conducted."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-1066865348.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Five arrested in connection with drug offences - Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-22T12:53:32+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/five-arrested-connection-drug-offences-ipswich
title: Five arrested in connection with drug offences - Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/five-arrested-connection-drug-offences-ipswich
```

Police have arrested five people in connection with drug offences in Ipswich.

Officers from the Scorpion drug team along with locally based officers from the Safer Neighbourhood Team were conducting a welfare check on a property on Little Gipping Street yesterday (Thur 21 January)

When they arrived at the property, one male was identified as the tenant outside the property and a search of him was conducted.

Officers conducted a search of the property with four people found inside it, while wraps of suspected drugs were recovered from outside the premises.

During the search various items of drug paraphernalia were seized as well as mobile phones.

The five people were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of class A drugs and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

A 41 year old woman and a 38 year old man were both released under investigation pending further enquiries. A 15 year old male and 17 year old male and 20 year old male were both bailed pending police enquiries to answer on Thursday 18 February.

The supply and dealing of illegal drugs will not be tolerated and residents can be reassured that any information passed to police will be acted on. Help us to tackle suspected drug dealing. If anyone is concerned about drug related activity in their neighbourhood should contact police on 101, or you can provide any information anonymously by calling the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
