```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-10T16:49:36+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-06-10T16:49:36+01:00'
og:
  description: "An Ipswich man has been jailed for four years after being convicted of a \u2018sophisticated\u2019 fraud."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-arrest-handcuffs-istock-1066865348.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Four year jail term after Nacton fraud case
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-10T16:49:36+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-06-2020/four-year-jail-term-after-nacton-fraud-case
title: Four year jail term after Nacton fraud case | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-06-2020/four-year-jail-term-after-nacton-fraud-case
```

An Ipswich man has been jailed for four years after being convicted of a ‘sophisticated’ fraud.

31 year old Luke Durrant of Felixstowe Road in Ipswich was jailed yesterday (Tuesday 9 June) after pleading guilty at Norwich Crown Court to two counts of fraud by abuse of position.

He worked for a Nacton based company called Sophex Limited which also trades as a firm called Lifetime Financial Solutions.

Police first received a report of fraudulent activity by Durrant on 17 November 2018 and he was subsequently first interviewed as a voluntary attendee.

Further enquiries revealed he was conducting fraudulent activity connected to 18 members of the public and who were customers of the company. Over a period between May 2016 and November 2018 he had stolen in the region of £300,000 from these victims.

Whilst working as an independent financial advisor he had been taking money from clients, as well as money that should have been going to the company itself, and then paying the money into his own bank accounts.

He was summonsed to court on Tuesday 11 February this year where he faced two counts of fraud. On one count he fraudulently obtained £232,000, while on the second count he obtained £69,000 to £72,000.

The company owners worked closely with worked closely with the investigating officers to bring Durrant to justice. An on-going Proceeds of Crime Act case is on-going in relation to recovering monies from Durrant.

Detective Chief Inspector Nicky Wallace said: "As an independent financial advisor, Durrant occupied a position of trust where he was expected to safeguard the financial interests of his clients. He dishonestly abused that position in a calculated and fraudulent manner making gains of many thousands of pounds.

"He selfishly pocketed this money for his own gain, showing little disregard for the fact that this money legally and rightfully belonged to hard working and honest members of the public, including one woman who was aged in her 90s. This was a complex and sophisticated criminal act that would have caused great misery, stress and anxiety for the victims.”
