```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-03-21T09:54:56+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-03-20T17:32:19+00:00'
og:
  description: "An Ipswich man has been jailed for three years for committing a number of burglaries across Suffolk.James Mann, aged 44 of Cemetery Road in Ipswich was convicted today at Ipswich Crown Court (18 February 2019) after he pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated burglary and possession of class B drugs\_."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jamesmann.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Burglary conviction for Ipswich offender
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-03-21T09:54:56+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-03-2019/burglary-conviction-ipswich-offender
title: Burglary conviction for Ipswich offender | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/20-03-2019/burglary-conviction-ipswich-offender
```

An Ipswich man has been jailed for three years for committing a number of burglaries across Suffolk.

James Mann, aged 44 of Cemetery Road in Ipswich was convicted today at Ipswich Crown Court (18 February 2019) after he pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated burglary and possession of class B drugs .

It follows an incident in the early hours of 12 December last year when a property at a property on Christchurch Street in Ipswich was broken into. A glass window estimated to cost £1,200 to replace was smashed, although nothing, except a small amount of food and drink was stolen.

Mann was arrested a short while later in connection with the incident and was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning by detectives and subsequently charged with burglary and possession of an offensive weapon, namely a knife.

Between being charged and being dealt with at court, Mann chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit 17 other offences on 2 February. They were believed to have taken place over a 21 month period from 31 March 2017 to 11 December 2018.. These included two burglary (dwellings), 12 thefts from motor vehicles , two thefts from shops and one crime of interference with a motor vehicle. Over £2,000 worth of items was stolen and damaged caused in the region of £270.

In one incident on Norfolk Road in Ipswich a Vauxhall Astra car was broken into on 8 October 2018 with a laptop stolen, in another incident on 9 October 2018 sunglasses and cash was stolen from a BMW on Tuddenham Road and on 13 November 2018 over £370 worth of clothing from the Joules store on the Buttermarket in Ipswich was stolen.

DC Duncan Etchells from the Operation Converter team said: "Mann on arrest was found to be in possession of a kitchen knife and was found to be wearing trainers that matched footprints at the address broken into on Christchurch Street.

"We know that burglars are often responsible for many similar crimes and Operation Converter is a very effective way of giving offenders the opportunity to admit to further crimes if they choose. It is a process that enables offenders to engage with us and for the police to solve more crimes. It brings closure for more victims and benefits offenders, not least because they are taking moral responsibility for their past wrong doing and effectively cleaning their slate.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
