```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-31T16:53:17+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-31T01:08:03+01:00'
og:
  description: A 58-year-old motorcycle rider, who died in a two vehicle road traffic collision in Lakenheath on Sunday, has been formally named as Malcolm Lawless from Eriswell.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man named after fatal Lakenheath collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-31T16:53:17+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/road-closed-following-serious-collision-lakenheath
title: Man named after fatal Lakenheath collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/road-closed-following-serious-collision-lakenheath
```

A 58-year-old motorcycle rider, who died in a two vehicle road traffic collision in Lakenheath on Sunday, has been formally named as Malcolm Lawless from Eriswell.

Police were called last night (Sunday 30 July) at 10.06pm, following reports of a collision between a silver BMW X5 and a motorbike on Eriswell Road.

The road was closed in both directions, at the junction with The Street at Holywell Row, and at the junction with the B1112, The Street, Lakenheath, to allow an investigation to take place, but has since reopened.

Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses to the collision.

Anyone with any information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD number 427 of Sunday 30 July.

## Previous release | 31 July 2017

Emergency services are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision in Lakenheath.

Police were called last night (Sunday 30 July) at 10.06pm, following reports of a collision between a car and a motorbike on Eriswell Road.

The road is currently closed in both directions, at the junction with The Street at Holywell Row, and at the junction with the B1112, The Street, Lakenheath.

An investigation is underway by the Serious Collision Investigation Team.

## Previous release | 31 July 2017

Police can confirm that a man has sadly died following a road traffic collision in Lakenheath.

Police were called last night (Sunday 30 July) at 10.06pm, following reports of a collision between a silver BMW X5 and a motorbike on Eriswell Road.

A man in his 50s was taken to the West Suffolk Hospital with serious injuries but sadly died.

The road was closed in both directions, at the junction with The Street at Holywell Row, and at the junction with the B1112, The Street, Lakenheath, but has now reopened.

Any witnesses or anyone with any information should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team, quoting incident reference number 427 of Sunday 30 July.
