```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-12T14:36:54+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-12T14:36:54+01:00'
og:
  description: A week of action to tackle drugs supply in the west of the county has resulted in 11 arrests and the seizure of hundreds of wraps of class A drugs.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officers_walking_through_town.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Eleven arrested and drugs seized in week of action
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-12T14:36:54+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/eleven-arrested-and-drugs-seized-week-action
title: Eleven arrested and drugs seized in week of action | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/eleven-arrested-and-drugs-seized-week-action
```

A week of action to tackle drugs supply in the west of the county has resulted in 11 arrests and the seizure of hundreds of wraps of class A drugs.

Plain clothes and proactive team officers carried out a series of warrants and visits last week to continue to tackle the supply of drugs such as heroin and crack cocaine into the county.

On Tuesday 4 April a Misuse of Drugs Act warrant was executed at a home in Lancaster Avenue in Bury St Edmunds. An 18-year-old man from south-west London and a 43-year-old woman from Bury St Edmunds were arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply and more than 70 wraps, believed to contain class A drugs, were seized along with a large quantity of cash and three mobile phones.

Both of those arrested have been released under investigation, while further enquiries are made.

On Wednesday 5 April police carried out a warrant at an address in Firtree Close in Bury St Edmunds and made five arrests.

Around 300 wraps, 190 believed to contain crack cocaine and 111 believed to contain heroin, were seized along with white rocks thought to be crack cocaine. Police also discovered a machete, a large kitchen knife, a sledgehammer and a bag of cannabis.

A 54-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds, a 26-year-old man from Barking in Essex, two 18-year-old men from Barking, and an 18-year-old man from Ilford, Essex, were all arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug.

The five - Stephen Wass, 54, of Firtree Close, Bury St Edmunds; Abdulaziz Ali, 26, of Curzon Crescent, Barking; Fahad Mbwana, 18, of Charter Avenue, Ilford; Asman Osman, 18 of Harts Lane, Barking; and Umar Yusuf-Iya, of Whiting Avenue, Barking, were all subsequently charged with conspiracy to supply crack cocaine and heroin.

All five appeared at Ipswich Magistrates Court on Thursday 6 April, were remanded in custody and are now due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on May 4.

On Thursday 6 April officers went to an address in Western Avenue in Haverhill and arrested two men.

A 32-year-old man from Haverhill was arrested on suspicion of possession of a class A drug with intent to supply and a 19-year-old man from Sheffield was arrested on suspicion of supplying a controlled drug.

Wraps and around £800 in cash were recovered.

Both men were interviewed and have now been released under investigation while enquiries continue.

Then, on Friday, 7 April, police arrested a man and a teenage boy at the Recreation Ground at Camps Road, Haverhill. Both were detained for a drugs search around 12.30pm and were arrested a short time later after a small quantity of drugs were recovered.

A 42-year-old man was charged with possession of crack cocaine, while the teenager was given a youth caution for possession of cannabis.

> **Detective Inspector Craig Brett said;** “We will be doing more work to target those suspected of being involved in the supply of controlled drugs and will continue to carry out pro-active warrants and visits to make life difficult for anyone bringing drugs into Suffolk.”
