```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-11-11T12:57:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-11-11T12:56:38+00:00'
og:
  description: "Three people have been sentenced in connection with drug offences after an operation led by Suffolk Police\u2019s Serious Crime Disruption Team."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-arrest-female-istock-1168764611.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three people sentenced in connection with Ipswich drug offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-11-11T12:57:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-11-2019/three-people-sentenced-connection-ipswich-drug-offences
title: Three people sentenced in connection with Ipswich drug offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-11-2019/three-people-sentenced-connection-ipswich-drug-offences
```

Three people have been sentenced in connection with drug offences after an operation led by Suffolk Police’s Serious Crime Disruption Team.

It follows a series of arrests and drugs warrant conducted in the Ipswich area to disrupt drug operations in the town.

21 year old D’arro O’Connor of Parnell Road of Ipswich appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 24 September where he pleaded not guilty to conspiring to supply crack cocaine and heroin. Following a four day trial he was found guilty of these offences at the end of September.

At earlier hearings at Ipswich Crown Court 21 year old Brandon Alford of St John’s Road in Ipswich and 19 year old Morgan Peake of Ribbans Park Road pleaded guilty to being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and heroin.

The convictions follow a number of warrants under the Misuse of Drugs Act that took place from July 2018 to March this year at various properties. Large quantities of class A drugs, mobile phones containing messages consistent with the supply of class A drugs and various items of drug paraphernalia were recovered from these warrants.

On Friday 8 November at Ipswich Crown Court:

O'Connor was sentenced to a two-year suspended sentence, 240 hours unpaid work and excluded from Ipswich for a total of 12 months.

Peake was sentenced to a two-year suspended sentence, 240 hours unpaid work and on an electronic curfew.

Alford was sentenced to three years in a Young Offender Institute.

The Serious Crime Disruption Team core aim is disrupt serious and organised gangs whose criminal activity focuses on issues such as drug supply and harmful personal acquisitive crime such as robbery/burglary. Its purpose is to tackle the high threat and harm issues including the supply of controlled drugs.

If you suspect drug dealing is taking place or you are concerned that a young person or vulnerable adult may have been targeted by an organised crime group, please tell us. You don’t have to be certain, just concerned.

Call us on 101 or if you prefer you can contact Crimestoppers to report anonymously – online or by calling 0800 555 111.
