```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-15T14:59:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-12T06:00:19+00:00'
og:
  description: Officers from Suffolk Police have been demonstrating the level of demand across the force during an average December by holding a 24-hour Tweetathon.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer5.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk Police Tweetathon demonstrates police demand
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-15T14:59:02+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-12-2017/suffolk-police-tweetathon-demonstrates-police-demand
title: Suffolk Police Tweetathon demonstrates police demand | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/12-12-2017/suffolk-police-tweetathon-demonstrates-police-demand
```

Officers from Suffolk Police have been demonstrating the level of demand across the force during an average December by holding a 24-hour Tweetathon.

The event ran from 7am yesterday, Thursday 14 December, and saw volunteer police officers and staff tweeting details of as many calls as possible as they came into the Constabulary’s Contact and Control Room (CCR).

Using #SuffolkLive, a total of 464 ‘CADs’ or police incidents were created within the 24-hour event, with 248 calls received to the 999 number and 500 other enquiries dealt with. These included calls to the non-emergency 101 number.

461 tweets were issued by @SuffolkPolice, which reached more than 1 million people online across the county, nationwide and even further afield, and which received over 535 re-tweets and more than 1,173 ‘likes’.

Many shared their thoughts and opinions, with people commenting their surprise regarding the number and variety of issues Suffolk Police officers deal with.

The volume and nature of calls was consistent for a Thursday at this time of year and, as expected, peak times for calls were over late afternoon and early evening. There was a lull in the early hours of the morning to reflect that the majority of us are tucked up in bed between 2am and 5am.

Chief Inspector Matt Rose, who leads the CCR, said: "Opening up our operations through Twitter has been a great opportunity for us to demonstrate the diverse range of incidents, crimes and issues our call handlers, radio operators and officers deal with on a daily basis. We are delighted with the response to the Tweetathon, with an overwhelming number of people engaging with us in real-time and asking questions.

"The aim of the day was to raise awareness of the work we do, whilst also building confidence and understanding in local policing. The majority of our communities still think our work is predominantly about traditional policing, and responding to reports of crime, but the demand we face is far wider than this, covering all areas of community safety, vulnerability and safeguarding.

"The Tweetathon was a great way for us to highlight this, whilst also encouraging people to consider how they contact us and to reiterate how police telephone numbers should be used. Unfortunately approximately 40% of calls received during the Tweetathon were not police matters, which reflects the national average, including someone calling us on the 999 emergency number reporting their phone wasn’t working properly.

"Between April 2016 and October 2017, we received a 22% increase in 999 calls compared with the year before. As technology evolves it’s important that we continue to make it as easy as possible for the public to contact us with report non-urgent matters.”

Those with non-emergency situations are urged to refer to the Constabulary website before calling 101, which holds a host of information: crime prevention advice, a reporting facility for non-injury road traffic collisions and incidents of anti-social behaviour, as well as details of how to contact the correct agency for queries around noisy neighbours, lost property such as pets, or road maintenance such as faulty traffic lights or potholes.

The website will not replace either 101 or 999, but offers members of the public with an additional option to report an incident.

Chief Inspector Rose concludes: "By using the online service, we’re reducing the pressure on our control rooms and allowing staff to focus on more urgent issues.

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "I am delighted the Tweetathon was such a huge success as it was able to demonstrate the huge number and variety of calls received into Suffolk’s Control Room. I’d like to thank everyone involved in this great event.

"On a more serious note it’s vital people realise the different options they have for contacting Suffolk Police – emergency and non- emergency calls, through social media and of course directly via the new website. This helps the constabulary provide a more focussed response and setting the appropriate priority for each contact.

"Making the right call is crucial and I hope there is now a better understanding of what issues are a police responsibility and which are not.”

For regular updates and information from the Constabulary, follow @SuffolkPolice, like ‘Suffolk Constabulary Official Page’ on Facebook or follow @SuffolkPolice on Instagram.

## What is a CAD?

Each tweet will feature a CAD number, which is basically our reference for every incident that is called in to the control room. This enables us to update and track information in real time.

## Can you report a crime via Twitter?

Please do not use social media to report crime or incidents. We use Twitter and Facebook as an information service only. If you need to contact us dial 101 or visit our website. Always dial 999 in an emergency.

## Will this affect response times to answering 999 and 101 calls?

Control Room operatives will not be tweeting so this will have no impact on how calls are answered.

The Tweetathon will be run by staff and officers who have volunteered their time as part of their shift where this does not have an impact on operational policing.

## Will you be tweeting about sensitive incidents?

Incidents that are deemed too sensitive for publication such as domestic abuse or sexual assault offences will not be tweeted about.

No information released during the Tweetathon will identify any victims, witnesses or suspects. We will make sure confidentiality is adhered to during the event and that no information compromises operational activity of the police, or that could prejudice any future court case will be issued.

## What sort of incidents will you be tweeting about?

Every day our control room operators receive calls on a wide range of matters, from reports of crime and people requiring urgent help, alongside issues relating to mental health, vulnerability and requests for information and advice, as well as inappropriate calls

The aim will be to tweet information relating to as many 999 and 101 calls as possible.

## What do you hope the Tweetathon will achieve?

We hope that it promotes more understanding of the reality of policing, and that it will encourage people to think “is this an emergency?” before they call us.

For non-emergency calls, we would like to encourage people to look at our website. A lot of information is available on https://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us which also includes an online incident reporting service for non-urgent matters. While this will not replace our 101 service, it offers people with an additional option to report crime, or it will direct them to partner agencies.

## Why are you doing it?

The aim is to raise awareness of the breadth of work that goes on behind the scenes and on the front line, the growing number and varied nature of calls we receive and the demand it has on the Constabulary.

With social media becoming an increasingly important communication tool, the Tweetathon also enables us to reach out to the wider community and encourage engagement to raise public awareness of the complexity of policing and the variety of work we do.

## When is the Tweetathon?

The Tweetathon will run for 24 hours from 7am on Thursday 14 December.

## Previous release | 11 December 2017

Suffolk Constabulary will be hosting a 24-hour Tweetathon to offer an insight into the volume and range of demand its officers face on a typical day.

The event will be held on Thursday 14 December and will run for 24 hours from 7am, with tweets issued from the Constabulary’s @SuffolkPolice account using #SuffolkLive.

A team of staff and office volunteers will be based in the control room, tweeting basic details of live calls as they come in as part of their shift where this does not have an impact on frontline policing. The aim will be to tweet information relating to as many 999 and 101 calls as possible.

Chief Inspector Matt Rose, who will be coordinating the event, said: "In this age of transparency, we wanted to offer a rare behind-the-scenes glimpse into not only the breadth of calls we receive but to communicate the variety of work we do and highlight some of the successes and challenges of policing.

"On an average day our control room operators receive approximately 800 calls on a range of issues relating to mental health, vulnerability and requests for information, alongside calls reporting crime or from people needing urgent help.

"December is definitely one of our busiest months in terms of police resourcing and, particularly as the festive season approaches, we are urging the public to think about when they should call the police.

"This Tweetathon is a great way for us to actively engage with members of the public in a different way and highlight the reality of policing. Our tweets will not identify callers, but we hope they will provide an interesting insight into police activity and draw attention to which calls could have been directed to our website or those that could have been dealt with by partner agencies.”

It will be the second time Suffolk Police have chosen to hold a Tweetathon event; the first was in December 2015.

Ch Insp Rose continues: "The response last time was overwhelmingly positive, with people sharing, liking and commenting on our posts. It was reassuring to see so many people interested in what their police service does.

"We’re not looking to compete with figures of engagement from two years ago, but we do want to draw on the comparisons regarding the types of calls we receive and encourage people to really consider how they contact us.”

Those with non-emergency situations are urged to refer to the Constabulary website before calling 101, which holds a host of information: crime prevention advice, a reporting facility for non-injury road traffic collisions and incidents of anti-social behaviour, as well as details of how to contact the correct agency for queries around noisy neighbours, lost property such as pets, or road maintenance such as faulty traffic lights or potholes.

The website will not replace either 101 or 999, but offers members of the public with an additional option to report an incident.

Suffolk Police Crime and Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Getting an insight into the control room is a really good opportunity for everyone to see exactly what our police officers deal with on a day to day basis, and doing this in real-time makes this a particularly authentic.

"The last Tweetathon was a vivid illustration of the volume of work that the constabulary undertakes on a normal working day and it was very well received by the public.

"I'd like to thank everyone involved especially the volunteers who will offer their time to this innovative social media project.”

## FAQs
