```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-10-17T13:34:50+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-10-17T13:34:50+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police officers and staff were recognised for their good work and dedication at an awards ceremony held at Wherstead Park in Ipswich.The ceremony on Wednesday 9 October saw Royal Humane Society Awards presented alongside Judges Commendations, Certificates of Merit, Certificates of Appreciation and Long Service and certificates. Attendees included Chief Constable Steve Jupp, Robert Rous, Vice Lord Lieutenant of Suffolk, High Sheriff Roz Eminson and Suffolk\u2019s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/image2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Royal Humane Society, Judges Commendations and Long Service and Good Conduct Awards
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-10-17T13:34:50+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-10-2019/royal-humane-society-judges-commendations-and-long-service-and-good
title: Royal Humane Society, Judges Commendations and Long Service and Good Conduct Awards | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-10-2019/royal-humane-society-judges-commendations-and-long-service-and-good
```

Police officers and staff were recognised for their good work and dedication at an awards ceremony held at Wherstead Park in Ipswich.

The ceremony on Wednesday 9 October saw Royal Humane Society Awards presented alongside Judges Commendations, Certificates of Merit, Certificates of Appreciation and Long Service and certificates. Attendees included Chief Constable Steve Jupp, Robert Rous, Vice Lord Lieutenant of Suffolk, High Sheriff Roz Eminson and Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore.

Chief Constable Steve Jupp said: "For the last few years Suffolk has been recognised as one of the safest counties. This achievement would not be possible without the dedication and commitment of all our staff and officers from across the policing family.

"We must also pay tribute and show our gratitude for the tremendous support of their partners, families and friends. It is by presenting these medals and awards that we recognise the contribution made by them all.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "This year’s constabulary awards ceremony was another fantastic and yet humbling occasion.

"It never ceases to amaze me what the whole of the Suffolk policing family achieves throughout the year to keep all of us safe.

"All the award recipients are to be congratulated and, quite rightly, recognised for their dedication and commitment way above the call of duty for which all of us in Suffolk are deeply grateful.”

Recipients of Royal Humane Society awards:

Two male officers in June 2018 officers prevented a vulnerable male who was standing at the junction of Newmarket Road and the A14 Bury Edmunds from harming himself.
In February 2019 Nicola Boddey, an employee with a partner agency, was called to an address of an ex-offender in Bury St Edmunds and gained entry to find the male in need of emergency medical attention. Through the diligence of Nicola and her colleague, the male’s life was saved.

Eight Judges Commendations:

Det Chief Supt Eamonn Bridger, Emma Peck, DC Kerry Bishop, DC Helen Christopher, DI Stephen Clarke, DI Lewis Craske, and one other male officer.
These officers worked tirelessly to prosecute a male convicted of rape that took place in Lowestoft in a car outside the victim’s home in December 2017. 11 months later the male was arrested on a European Arrest warrant in Bilbao in Spain. His Honour Judge David Goodin was highly commendable of all those involved in this investigation.

Kathryn Bond

On Monday 24 June 2019, Julian Mysercough was convicted of multiple, non-recent serious sexual offences. He was arrested by police in 2010. Those earlier proceedings led to convictions and were marked by the male fleeing the country mid trial, to the Republic of Ireland and Romania. His Honour Judge David Goodin commended DC Bond for sensitively earning the trust of the victims in difficult circumstances and singling out DC Bond for progressing the case to trial.

Five Certificates of Merit

Peter Gray for his work to develop tool-kits with regard to the National Police Chiefs’ Council Diversity, Equality and Inclusion.
Craig Powell and Nick Shirley for their investigation into the robbery of a 79 year old woman in November 2017 whilst on her way to bingo. Their work on this case was instrumental in the defendant being found guilty of the robbery for which he received 8 years imprisonment.

Mark Trask and Annie Powell

Award in recognition of their services to Suffolk Unison police staff members and going above and beyond what is normally expected of a staff association.

Five Certificates of Appreciation
Allan Braithwaite, Gregory Gooch, Andrew Stannard, Przemyslaw Czaus - In June this year their spontaneous and swift actions in prevented a female from jumping from A137 flyover bridge onto the eastbound carriageway on the A14.

Simon Notley - Awarded in recognition of his bravery in May this year, whilst at local supermarket in Bury St Edmunds, he tackled an offender fleeing from a female member of staff who was seeking to detain the male for theft.

Police Long Service and Good Conduct medals

The Police Long Service and Good Conduct Medal was instituted on 14 June 1951 by command of His Majesty King George VI. A recipient must have completed 20 years of pensionable or approved police service and it be certified that their character and conduct have been very good.

Sgt Mark Beirne
PC Stephanie Brett
DC Rachel Bullingham
Sgt Brian Calver
PC Beverley Chalcraft
DI Matthew Connick
DC Jonathan Cuff
Det Sgt Sarah Elliott
Sgt Darren Harris
Sgt Scott Lee-Amies
Sgt Simon Price
PC Rebecca Webster
Long Service Medals - Special Constabulary
SC Andrew Catton
SC Daniel Church
SC Kris Day
Spec. Insp David Howse
T/Spec Insp Robert Kersey
Long Service Award – Police Staff
(completed twenty years of approved police service)
Andrew Doole
Nicola Goulding
Jacqueline Norton
Antony Ramirez
40 year Long Service Awards – Police Staff
Keith Earles
Alex Morrison

Police Support Volunteer Awards – 10 years of service
Deborah Lait - Joined the Police Support Volunteer scheme as a Role Player in 2008 and over the years has become instrumental in training student officers.

The following officers and staff are eligible to receive awards but are unable to attend the ceremony:
Royal Humane Society
PC Nick Sanders
Chief Constable’s Certificate of Merit
DS Rebecca Molisso
DC Richard Morgan
Long Service and Good Conduct Medal
PC Yvette Arondel
DS Simon Fitch
DC Andrew George
PC Simon Green
PC Adam Long
PS Mark Thomas
PC David Wardrop
PS Sarah Youngs
Police Staff Long Service Award
Nicholas Askham
Deborah King
Lucy Mures
Amanda Ranson
Kelly Stagg
John Walker
Christina Wilson
40 year Long Service Award
David Cole
Stephen Cooper
Specials
Mark Jacobs
Robert Coleman
Police Support Volunteers
John Brinkley
Note to editors: Images attached
2 - Det Chief Supt Eamonn Bridger, DI Stephen Clarke, DI Lewis Craske, Emma Peck, DC Kerry Bishop
3- Allan Braithwaite, Gregory Gooch, Andrew Stannard, Przemyslaw Czaus

The two officers who received the RHS award did not want publicity.

## Gallery
