```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-12T09:12:19+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-12T09:12:19+01:00'
og:
  description: More than 1,000 drivers were caught speeding during a week-long enforcement campaign in Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/special.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: More than 1,000 drivers caught speeding in campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-12T09:12:19+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-1000-drivers-caught-speeding-campaign
title: More than 1,000 drivers caught speeding in campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-1000-drivers-caught-speeding-campaign
```

More than 1,000 drivers were caught speeding during a week-long enforcement campaign in Suffolk.

Officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit and vans from the Suffolk SafeCam were deployed across the county to carry out checks as part of a week-long European-wide campaign co-ordinated by TISPOL between 17-23 April.

During the campaign a total of 1,088 drivers were caught speeding, 831 of which were caught by fixed or mobile camera sites while 257 were caught by officers on patrol.

> **Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said:** "Speeding is recognised as one of the ‘fatal four’ offences which leads to people being killed or serious injured in a collision along with drink driving, using a mobile phone and not wearing a seatbelt.
>
> "We target these and other types of offences all year round but these campaigns allow to raise awareness among drivers and explain the consequences of speeding.
>
> "Drivers should adjust their speed to suit the conditions on the road and be aware of hazards. The higher your speed, the less time you have to react. Think…could you stop in time if something unexpected happened in front of you?”

> **Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore, said:** "Speeding wrecks lives and there is no excuse for anyone to drive above the legal limit.
>
> "I fully support the Constabulary’s stance on this week-long enforcement campaign. I personally find it absolutely staggering that despite all the publicity and numerous warning signs, drivers cannot keep to the speed limit.
>
> "Speed limits are there for a reason. Speed is one of the fatal four causes of serious injury or death on our roads and these thoughtless drivers really do need to wake up to the fact that they are not just risking their own lives, but the lives of fellow road users.”

Motorists caught speeding will be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action. Some drivers can opt to take part in a speed awareness course.
