```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-01T15:26:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-15T16:52:45+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are renewing an appeal for information after a vehicle was stolen from a car park in Ipswich last month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter9.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Renewed appeal following theft of vehicle"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-01T15:26:04+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-01-2019/ipswich-%E2%80%93-renewed-appeal-following-theft-vehicle
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Renewed appeal following theft of vehicle | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-01-2019/ipswich-%E2%80%93-renewed-appeal-following-theft-vehicle
```

Police are renewing an appeal for information after a vehicle was stolen from a car park in Ipswich last month.

The incident occurred between 9.15pm and 9.30pm on Monday 14 January in Grafton Way.

A white Kia Sportage, registration number CA14 KNH, was stolen from the car park which is situated next to the skate park.

CCTV enquires have found that the car was driven out to the roundabout with Bridge Street and then travelled over Stoke Bridge towards Vernon Street.

It is believed that that the vehicle could now be being driven with false number plates. A child’s car seat and pushchair were inside the car and it is possible they may have been discarded in the local area.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who was in the area between 9pm and 9.30pm and saw anyone acting suspiciously, or anyone who believes they have seen the vehicle since it was stolen, or a discarded car seat and push chair.

Anyone with information is asked to contact PC Phil Burton at Landmark House in Ipswich, preferably by emailing [email protected] and quoting reference 2758/19, or failing that by calling 101.

Alternatively you can contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 15 January 2019

Police are appealing for witnesses after a vehicle was stolen from a car park in Ipswich.

The incident occurred between 9.15pm and 9.30pm yesterday evening, Monday 14 January, in Grafton Way.

A white Kia Sportage, registration number CA14 KNH, was stolen from the car park which is situated next to the skate park. It is believed the vehicle was driven away in the direction of the roundabout junction at Bridge Street and towards the one-way system.

Officers would like to hear from anyone who was in the area between 9pm and 9.30pm and saw anyone acting suspiciously, or anyone who believes they have seen the vehicle since it was stolen.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Neighbourhood Response Team at Landmark House in Ipswich on 101 quoting reference 2758/19, or alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
