```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-02T15:25:47+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-02T15:21:43+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a number of burglaries in Capel St Mary.In late December\_ there have been three burglaries reported to police and officers are exploring whether these incidents may be linked."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Capel St Mary - burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-02T15:25:47+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-01-2018/capel-st-mary-burglaries
title: Capel St Mary - burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/02-01-2018/capel-st-mary-burglaries
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a number of burglaries in Capel St Mary.

In late December there have been three burglaries reported to police and officers are exploring whether these incidents may be linked.

Details of the incidents are as follows:
• Broom Way - at some time between 10.00am and 10.00pm on Friday 29 December offenders forced entry to an address and stole a quantity of jewellery and cash

• Chalkners Close - between 4pm on Friday 29 December and 4pm on Saturday 30 December a house was broken into. Windows at the rear of the property were smashed and jewellery and cash stolen

• Rylands - sometime between Sunday 24 December and Sunday 31 December suspect/s forced entry to the rear of the property and stole a quantity of jewellery including a gold wedding ring and diamond and gold studded earrings

Witnesses or anybody who has any information are asked to call Police on 101 quoting 82170/17 (Broom Way), 82300/17 (Chalkners Close) or 82437/17 (Rylands )

As the majority of the burglaries in this series involve houses being entered by force rather than because of insecurities, police are urging members of the public to be their eyes and ears and ‘See it, Hear it, Report it’.
By following a few simple steps, you can reduce the chances of becoming a victim of burglary.

1\. LOCK

• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house. This limits the amount of escape routes available to burglars.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

2\. LIGHT

• Leave low-energy lights on timers around the house and keep a radio on to make it seem as though someone is home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Burglars often prefer to work in the dark to avoid detection. Stop burglars from hiding in your driveway and paths by installing an ambient security light that will not disturb neighbours.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

3\. HIDE

• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Hide away to prevent them being stolen.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

For further crime prevention advice please visit the Suffolk Constabulary webpage www.suffolk.police.uk or contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101.
