```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-27T14:12:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-27T14:08:20+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a number of burglaries and vehicle crimes in the Capel St Mary area.Since Tuesday 7 November there have been at least four burglaries and two thefts from vehicles reported to police and officers are exploring whether these incidents may be linked.Details of the incidents are as follows:-\_Lower Street, Stratford St Mary: At some point between 5:30pm and 5:50pm on 7 November, a transit van parked in a carpark was broken into and a hedge trimmer was stolen."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Appeal following crimes in Capel St Mary
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-27T14:12:32+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-11-2017/appeal-following-crimes-capel-st-mary
title: Appeal following crimes in Capel St Mary | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-11-2017/appeal-following-crimes-capel-st-mary
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a number of burglaries and vehicle crimes in the Capel St Mary area.

Since Tuesday 7 November there have been at least four burglaries and two thefts from vehicles reported to police and officers are exploring whether these incidents may be linked.

Details of the incidents are as follows:

\- Lower Street, Stratford St Mary: At some point between 5:30pm and 5:50pm on 7 November, a transit van parked in a carpark was broken into and a hedge trimmer was stolen.

\- Mill Hill, Capel St Mary: Sometime between on 12:30pm and 2:20pm on Wednesday 15 November, suspects forced entry into a home to the rear of the property and jewellery was stolen.

\- Plough Road, Capel St Mary: Around 1:10pm and 1:50pm on 15 November, offenders broke into a home to the rear of the property, and threatened a member of public who confronted them. A safe was removed from the address and a set of keys to a vehicle parked in the driveway was also stolen. The vehicle was not taken, but was reportedly broken into and sustained some damage.

\- Thorney Road, Capel St Mary: The break-in occurred at some point between 3:30pm and 5:15pm on Thursday 23 November. Access was forced to the rear of the property and cash and jewellery was stolen.

\- Sawyers Close, Capel St Mary: At some point between 8am and 8:50pm on Friday 24 November, suspects forced entry to the rear of a property. A quantity of jewellery and two digital cameras were stolen.

\- The Street, Capel St Mary: Sometime between 3pm and 6:30pm on Friday 24 November, a transit van parked in a driveway, near the junction of Rembrow Road, was accessed and a number of power tools stolen from within.

As the majority of the incidents in this series involve houses and vehicles being entered by force rather than because of insecurities, police are urging members of the public to be their eyes and ears and ‘See it, Hear it, Report it’.

Anyone with information regarding any of these incidents is urged to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting reference 73639/17.

By following a few simple steps, you can reduce the chances of becoming a victim of burglary.

1\. LOCK

• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house. This limits the amount of escape routes available to burglars.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

2\. LIGHT
• Leave low-energy lights on timers around the house and keep a radio on to make it seem as though someone is home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Burglars often prefer to work in the dark to avoid detection. Stop burglars from hiding in your driveway and paths by installing an ambient security light that will not disturb neighbours.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

3\. HIDE
• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Hide away to prevent them being stolen.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.

For further crime prevention advice please visit the Suffolk Constabulary webpage www.suffolk.police.uk or contact your local Safer Neighbourhood Team on 101.
