```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-28T12:31:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-02-28T12:30:01+00:00'
og:
  description: "A 20 year old man has been jailed for\_23 months\_following a number of burglaries across Suffolk.Travis Aldred of no fixed abode was convicted at Ipswich Crown Court (27 February 2019) after he pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary at a property on Ashfield Crescent\_in Lowestoft on 2 December 2018."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man convicted after Suffolk burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-28T12:31:02+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2019/man-convicted-after-suffolk-burglaries
title: Man convicted after Suffolk burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-02-2019/man-convicted-after-suffolk-burglaries
```

A 20 year old man has been jailed for 23 months following a number of burglaries across Suffolk.

Travis Aldred of no fixed abode was convicted at Ipswich Crown Court (27 February 2019) after he pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary at a property on Ashfield Crescent in Lowestoft on 2 December 2018.

He was arrested on Thursday 10 January and was taken to Great Yarmouth police investigation centre for questioning by detectives and subsequently charged. In the incident two laptops, a mobile phone and passports were stolen.

Between being charged and being dealt with at court, Aldred chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit four other offences – three burglaries and one theft from a motor vehicle carried out between November and December last year in Lowestoft.

One burglary took place at a property on Pinewood Avenue in Lowestoft where he entered the premises but nothing was stolen, another burglary took place at a property on Oakwood Avenue where a mobile phone was stolen and a third burglary on Southfield Gardens where again nothing was taken. On Dell Road overnight between 18 and 19 December he entered a Chrysler motor vehicle stealing a handbag in the process.

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
