```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-05-14T12:12:02+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-05-14T12:11:04+01:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary is\_appealing for information following a theft of rare bird eggs in west Suffolk.At some point between Friday 4 May and Wednesday 9 May, offenders stole four stone curlew eggs from a nesting site at Cavenham Heath National Nature Reserve."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car_back.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Theft of rare bird eggs
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-05-14T12:12:02+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-05-2018/theft-rare-bird-eggs
title: Theft of rare bird eggs | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-05-2018/theft-rare-bird-eggs
```

Suffolk Constabulary is appealing for information following a theft of rare bird eggs in west Suffolk.

At some point between Friday 4 May and Wednesday 9 May, offenders stole four stone curlew eggs from a nesting site at Cavenham Heath National Nature Reserve.

Sgt Brian Calver said: "These are a schedule one bird, which receive a high level of protection, to include their nesting sites.

"They are a reasonably rare summer visitor, with very few sites around the UK, owing to the specific needs surrounding their habitat.

"The eggs have previously been measured and photographed, so if anybody has any knowledge as to who may have taken them, we can easily identify them, owing to the measurements and very detailed individual markings.

"Egg collecting is nowhere near as common as it used to be but sadly still goes on. It’s not a victimless crime, as rare populations can be adversely affected by the actions of these individuals.

"The nesting sites are naturally quite remote so we would urge those out and about on such reserves to be vigilant for suspicious activity and report any sightings to police, with detailed descriptions of persons and vehicles.

"If anybody sees somebody stealing eggs they should call 999 as this is a crime in progress.

"I would also urge dog owners to ensure they keep their dogs on leads around such areas also, as these can cause disturbance and damage, with many otherwise law abiding dog owners not realising the damage their pets may be causing.”

Natural England Senior Reserve manager Chris Hainsworth said: "The Stone Curlew is a very rare bird with fewer than 400 pairs in the country and we are shocked and saddened by the theft of these eggs.

"Only 30 years ago we nearly lost them from the English countryside altogether and it is only by the hard work of local farmers and landowners supported by Natural England and RSPB that we have managed to start to see the population slowly rise.

"We will continue to support Suffolk Police in their investigation.”

If anyone has any information to assist the investigation, please contact Sgt Brian Calver at Suffolk Constabulary on 101 quoting crime reference number 37/25360/18, or alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
