```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-23T16:10:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-03-23T16:10:01+00:00'
og:
  description: A 25-year-old man from east London has been jailed after admitting careless driving and perverting the course of justice, following an incident on the A12 in Capel St Mary.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sayeedahmedforweb.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Capel St Mary \u2013 Man jailed following collision on A12 in 2019"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-23T16:10:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/capel-st-mary-man-jailed-following-collision-a12-2019
title: "Capel St Mary \u2013 Man jailed following collision on A12 in 2019 | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/capel-st-mary-man-jailed-following-collision-a12-2019
```

A 25-year-old man from east London has been jailed after admitting careless driving and perverting the course of justice, following an incident on the A12 in Capel St Mary.

Sayeed Ahmed, of Stratton Drive in Barking, appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 17 March where he was sentenced to seven months’ imprisonment. He was also disqualified from driving for 16 months.

Ahmed had pleaded guilty at a previous hearing on Thursday 4 February, to the offences of careless driving and perverting the course of justice.

On Sunday 28 July 2019 at around 1.35pm, Suffolk officers from the Roads and Armed Policing team were called to the Washbrook turn-off on the A12 northbound, in Capel St Mary, following reports of a collision involving three cars and a motorcycle.

The four vehicles were travelling northbound on the A12, when the motorcycle left the road and the rider was taken to Ipswich Hospital where he was treated for head injuries. The three cars left the scene and the collision was reported to officers as a fail to stop collision. Eye witnesses reported seeing erratic driving at the time of the incident.

After making enquiries to locate the registered vehicle owners, officers traced Sayeed Ahmed as being the driver of a Volkswagen Golf involved in the incident. However, he claimed that his vehicle was located outside his home address in Barking at the time of the collision and submitted a CCTV time stamped still image of his vehicle to police.

Following a number of enquiries, police discovered that the image had been falsified and warrants were carried out at the suspect’s home address in Barking. Equipment was seized and further enquiries placed the vehicle and driver in Suffolk at the time of the collision.

> Sgt Neil Clarke, of the Roads and Armed Policing team, said: “Careless driving is a criminal offence and this driver showed complete lack of consideration for other road users and the law. Furthermore, perverting the course of justice is an extremely serious offence.
>
> “The Roads and Armed Policing Team officers worked hard to secure warrants and present evidence to uncover the truth that the driver was at the location at the time of the offence, despite his efforts to prove otherwise.
>
> “Sayeed Ahmed took measured steps in attempt to cover his tracks and deceive police, which ultimately failed because of the tenacity of the investigating officers.
>
> “This collision could have ended tragically for the motorcycle rider and we will continue to prosecute those drivers who endanger other road users.”
