```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-29T11:28:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-22T16:31:01+00:00'
og:
  description: The family of a man who died in a road traffic collision in Long Melford last week have issued a tribute to him.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/maciejantkowiakwebsite.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Long Melford \u2013 Tribute issued to victim of fatal collision"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-29T11:28:17+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-11-2017/long-melford-%E2%80%93-tribute-issued-victim-fatal-collision
title: "Long Melford \u2013 Tribute issued to victim of fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-11-2017/long-melford-%E2%80%93-tribute-issued-victim-fatal-collision
```

The family of a man who died in a road traffic collision in Long Melford last week have issued a tribute to him.

Officers were called at around 5.45am on Wednesday 22 November, to reports that a red Toyota Yaris had collided with a wall on the A1092 Westgate Street.

Maciej Antkowiak, aged 23 and from Ipswich, who was the front passenger in the car, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital where he later sadly died.

Maciej’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

“On Wednesday 22 November 2017 we suffered an unimaginable loss with the tragic passing of our dear brother, son, and friend, Maciej Antkowiak (known as Maciek).

“Maciek died as a result of injuries sustained in a car accident in Long Melford on his way to work.

“Maciek was born on 9 April 1994 in Torun, Poland, and moved to Ipswich with his parents at the age of 13. He attended St Alban's Catholic High School and graduated from Suffolk New College in 2013 with a diploma in Vehicle Maintenance and Repair.

“Maciek enjoyed most spending time with his friends and family. He was a loving person who had a heart of gold and would go out of his way to help anyone in need. The world has lost an amazing soul, taken from this earth too soon. Maciek will be forever remembered by his parents, Wieslawa and Boguslaw, his three older sisters, Magdalena, Joanna and Gosia and his paternal grandparents Teresa and Jan, as well as several aunts, uncles, cousins, and a large group of his dear friends.

“The family is very grateful for all the compassion they have been shown and are truly thankful.”

Any witnesses, or anyone with information regarding the collision, should contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 42 of 22 November.

A 26-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of drug driving and causing death by dangerous driving in connection with this collision. He was questioned at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

## Previous release | 22 November 22 2017

A man has died following a single vehicle road traffic collision in Long Melford.

Police were called at around 5.45am this morning, Wednesday 22 November, to reports that a red Toyota Yaris had collided with a wall on the A1092 Westgate Street.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance and the three occupants of the car – two men and a woman – were all taken to West Suffolk Hospital for treatment.

The front passenger, a man aged in his 20s, has sadly died in hospital. The rear passenger has also sustained serious injuries, but not these are not believed to be life threatening. The driver suffered minor injuries.

A 26-year-old man from Ipswich has subsequently been arrested in connection with this collision and has been taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

The road remained closed until 11.30am whilst a collision investigation took place and for the car to be recovered.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or who saw a red Toyota Yaris being driven in the vicinity immediately prior to it, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 42 of 22 November.

## Previous release | 23 November 2017

A 26-year-old man arrested in connection with a fatal collision in Long Melford has been released from police custody.

Officers were called at around 5.45am yesterday morning, Wednesday 22 November, to reports that a red Toyota Yaris had collided with a wall on the A1092 Westgate Street.

Ambulance and fire crews were also in attendance and the three occupants of the car – two men and a woman – were all taken to West Suffolk Hospital for treatment.

The front passenger, a 23-year-old man, was then transferred to Addenbrooke’s Hospital where he later sadly died. The rear female passenger sustained a hip injury and the driver suffered minor chest injuries.

A 26-year-old man from Ipswich was subsequently arrested on suspicion of drug driving and causing death by dangerous driving. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

It is understood by police that the car involved in the collision left Ipswich at approximately 5am yesterday morning and travelled towards Long Melford via Hadleigh, along the A1071 and A134. Officers are appealing for anyone who may have seen a red Toyota Yaris being driven erratically along this route between 5am and 5.45am to contact them.

Anyone with information regarding the vehicle travelling along the route described above, or anyone who witnessed the collision, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 42 of 22 November.

## Previous release | 24 November 2017

The victim of a fatal road traffic collision in Long Melford is being named by police.

Officers were called at around 5.45am on Wednesday 22 November, to reports that a red Toyota Yaris had collided with a wall on the A1092 Westgate Street.

Maciej Antkowiak, aged 23 and from Ipswich, who was the front passenger in the car, was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital where he later sadly died.

A 26-year-old man from Ipswich was subsequently arrested on suspicion of drug driving and causing death by dangerous driving. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Police are continuing to appeal for potential witnesses who may be able to assist with their enquiries.

It is understood that the car involved in the collision left Ipswich at approximately 5am that morning and travelled towards Long Melford via Hadleigh, along the A1071 and A134. Officers are appealing for anyone who may have seen a red Toyota Yaris being driven erratically along this route between 5am and 5.45am to contact them.

Anyone with information regarding the vehicle travelling along the route described above, or anyone who witnessed the collision, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference CAD 42 of 22 November.
