```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-11-16T16:51:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-11-16T16:51:42+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for information and warning residents to be vigilant following five daytime burglaries in villages near to the Suffolk border with Essex.These all took place yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 15 November, in Capel St Mary, Kedington, Stoke-by-Clare and Clare.The first two incidents occurred in Capel St Mary between 12.30pm and 2.40pm, at properties in Mill Hill and Plough Road.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/officer_sunlight.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Appeal after daytime burglaries in south Suffolk
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-11-16T16:51:42+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-11-2017/appeal-after-daytime-burglaries-south-suffolk
title: Appeal after daytime burglaries in south Suffolk | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/16-11-2017/appeal-after-daytime-burglaries-south-suffolk
```

Police are appealing for information and warning residents to be vigilant following five daytime burglaries in villages near to the Suffolk border with Essex.

These all took place yesterday afternoon, Wednesday 15 November, in Capel St Mary, Kedington, Stoke-by-Clare and Clare.

The first two incidents occurred in Capel St Mary between 12.30pm and 2.40pm, at properties in Mill Hill and Plough Road.

At the house in Mill Hill a side door was forced open and a gold necklace stolen from inside. Following initial police enquiries, a witness has reported seeing two white men in the vicinity of the property at around 12.45pm. They are described as being aged in their 30s, with scarves over their faces. A grey van was also seen in the area.

The burglary in Plough Road saw entry gained by smashing the rear patio doors and a safe and car key were stolen from within. It would appear that the offenders then tried to make off by taking the car parked on the driveway, but they were unable to do so.

Instead, they put the safe on top of a wheelie bin and used this to take the safe up the road before being challenged by a member of the public at around 1.45pm. They threatened this man with a metal bar, damaging the window of his van. They are then believed to have got into a vehicle which was parked in Coombers Road – possibly driven by a third person – which drove off towards White Horse Road. They were also described as two white men aged in their 30s.

Between 12.20pm and 2pm at an address in Rectory Road, Kedington, entry was gained to a garage with an integral door to the property, but nothing appears to have been stolen.

At around 4.30pm offenders approached the rear of a property in Church Park, Stoke-by-Clare. The victim was sat in the kitchen in low-lighting, when the rear door was opened and a torch shone inside. He shouted out and the suspects ran off, getting into a van which drove off towards Ashen.

The suspects are described as two white men, aged around 20 and wearing dark clothing. They were seen to get into a small white van with ‘Cash for all cars’ written in blue text on the rear.

The final incident reported to police occurred in Pask Way, Clare, between 7.40am and 5.50pm, where a house was broken into. Entry was gained by the rear patio door being smashed and items of jewellery were stolen.

Detectives are exploring potential links between these incidents and are appealing for anyone who witnessed any suspicious activity, or saw any persons or vehicles matching the descriptions above, to make contact.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting the following references: 73627/17 (Mill Hill, Capel); 73639/17 (Plough Road, Capel); 73668/17 (Kedington); 73687/17 (Stoke-by-Clare); 73686/17 (Clare). Alternatively, call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
