```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-09-28T13:21:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-09-27T13:35:32+01:00'
og:
  description: A man who was arrested following an allegation of rape in Ipswich has been released pending further enquiries.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich rape update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-09-28T13:21:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-09-2017/ipswich-rape-update
title: Ipswich rape update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-09-2017/ipswich-rape-update
```

A man who was arrested following an allegation of rape in Ipswich has been released pending further enquiries.

Officers were called at 1.25am yesterday morning, Wednesday 27 September, to reports that a 17-year-old girl had been raped in Gippeswyk Park at around 12.30am by an individual who was known to her.

The victim continues to be supported by specialist trained officers. An area of the park was cordoned off while initial enquires are carried-out, but this has now been lifted.

A 20-year-old man who was arrested on suspicion of rape and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning, has now been released under investigation.

Detectives would like to hear from anyone who was in the vicinity of Gippeswyk Park between 12am and 1am on Wednesday 27 September and who may have any information that could assist the investigation.

Calls should be made to the South Safeguarding Unit on **101** quoting reference 63463/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 27 September 2017

A man has been arrested following an allegation of rape in an Ipswich park.

Officers were called at 1.25am this morning, Wednesday 27 September, to reports that a 17-year-old girl had been raped in Gippeswyk Park at around 12.30am by an individual who was known to her.

The victim is currently being supported by specialist trained officers and an area of the park has been cordoned off while initial enquires are carried-out.

A 20-year-old man has subsequently been arrested on suspicion of rape and has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Detectives would like to hear from anyone who was in the vicinity of Gippeswyk Park between 12am and 1am this morning and who may have any information that could assist the investigation.

Calls should be made to the South Safeguarding Unit on **101** quoting reference 63463/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
