```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-14T15:04:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-14T15:04:59+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police in Suffolk\_are targeting drivers and passengers who don\u2019t belt-up this week as officers\_support an enforcement campaign."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Motorists urged to &#039;belt-up&#039; in seatbelt campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-14T15:04:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/motorists-urged-belt-seatbelt-campaign
title: Motorists urged to 'belt-up' in seatbelt campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/motorists-urged-belt-seatbelt-campaign
```

Police in Suffolk are targeting drivers and passengers who don’t belt-up this week as officers support an enforcement campaign.

The checks will be carried out as part of the Europe-wide TISPOL seatbelt enforcement initiative which started on Monday and runs until Sunday (12-18 September).

The aim is to raise awareness of how many collision-related injuries and fatalities can be prevented by the wearing of seatbelts, which is now compulsory in most European countries.

Officers from the joint Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit will be conducting checks on motorists and their passengers throughout both counties, those who are found not wearing seatbelts could be fined or face further action.

Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit, said: "You’re two times more likely to be killed in a crash if you don’t wear a seatbelt.

"The safety value in wearing one is obvious so I still find it hard to believe there are people prepared to take risks with their lives by not wearing a seatbelt.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commission, Tim Passmore, said: "I fully support the Constabulary’s campaign to crack down on irresponsible drivers who still refuse to buckle up whilst driving, but it amazes me that drivers should need to be reminded about something so obvious.

"I really cannot believe that anyone could set off in their vehicle without securing their seat-belt first and ensuring their passengers are doing the same.

"Everyone knows you are more likely to die in a crash if you don't wear a seat belt, so I just can’t understand why anyone would flout this law.”

It is illegal not to wear a seatbelt when travelling in a car or goods vehicle and it is the responsibility of the driver to ensure all passengers under the age of 14 are wearing a seatbelt or child restraint.

Seatbelts should be worn in any vehicle they are provided in, including buses and goods vehicles.

Anyone caught not wearing a seatbelt may be issued with a TOR (Traffic Offence Report) and face a fine, points on their licence or even court action.
