```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-22T12:03:57+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T12:03:57+01:00'
og:
  description: The family of a 56-year-old man who died following a collision on the A143 Haverhill Road in Little Wratting have paid tribute to him.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/robertgrocott.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Family pay tribute to Robert Grocott
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-22T12:03:57+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/family-pay-tribute-robert-grocott
title: Family pay tribute to Robert Grocott | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/family-pay-tribute-robert-grocott
```

The family of a 56-year-old man who died following a collision on the A143 Haverhill Road in Little Wratting have paid tribute to him.

Robert Grocott of Hudson Close in Haverhill died following the collision between the Land Rover Freelander he was driving and a Vauxhall Vivaro van around 6pm on Saturday 7 May.

> #### His family have issued the following tribute;
>
> #### "Robert was a much loved father of two sons and husband for 36 years; originally from Nottingham but was a popular member of the Haverhill community for 30 years. He served with the Grenadier Guards for 6 years and 6 years with the 13th/18th Royal Hussars.
>
> #### "As a dedicated father he partook in refereeing football matches for children and adults alike.
>
> #### "Amongst other things he was a member of the Haverhill Golf Club for many years. Robert was an enthusiastic sportsman and had many friends within an assortment of clubs not withstanding golf, judo clubs etc.
>
> #### "Over the course of his varied career he has spent the majority of his life employed as an experienced HGV Driver working for companies such as Culina and XPO Logistics in Bury St. Edmunds.
>
> #### "Robert’s character was larger than life, a very popular man who was always supportive of his friends and family who are saddened and shocked at his sudden demise.
>
> #### "His friends used to say if anything was needed Robert would always be there for you.”

Police are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to the incident to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** , quoting CAD 362 of May 7.

Three of four other people injured in the collision remain in Addenbrookes hospital where they are recovering from their injuries.
