```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-13T16:40:12+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-13T16:39:55+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a series of rural burglaries in Suffolk.\_The first incident occurred between 9am on Thursday 28 June and 11am on Monday 9 July at a property in the Street, Westhorpe (38076/18).\_At some point during the times stated, an unknown offender forced entry via a window. It isn\u2019t known what has been taken at this stage.\_A second incident took place between 7.45pm and 7.50pm on Wednesday 4 July at an address in Langham (37116/18)."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Witness appeal following series of rural burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-13T16:40:12+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-07-2018/witness-appeal-following-series-rural-burglaries
title: Witness appeal following series of rural burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-07-2018/witness-appeal-following-series-rural-burglaries
```

Police are appealing for witnesses and urging communities to be vigilant following a series of rural burglaries in Suffolk.

The first incident occurred between 9am on Thursday 28 June and 11am on Monday 9 July at a property in the Street, Westhorpe (38076/18).

At some point during the times stated, an unknown offender forced entry via a window. It isn’t known what has been taken at this stage.

A second incident took place between 7.45pm and 7.50pm on Wednesday 4 July at an address in Langham (37116/18).

An unknown offender forced entry into the property and stole items of jewellery.

The third burglary occurred between 1.30pm and 3.20pm on Saturday 7 July at another home in Langham (37754/18).

An offender entered by unknown means before making an untidy search and stealing various items including, two purses, personal documents, jewellery, a bag and a laptop, among other items.

The fourth incident occurred between 7pm on Saturday 7 July and 7pm on Sunday 8 July at a property in Langham Road, Badwell Ash (37940/18).

During the times stated, an offender smashed glass in a rear door before stealing silverware, cash and jewellery from various rooms in the property.

A fifth burglary occurred at 10.50pm on Wednesday 11 July at property in Long Thurlow (38830/18).

An offender smashed a window to gain access and stole several Swarovski crystal figurines.

Officers are linking the five incidents and are keen to speak to anyone who may have seen anything suspicious or have captured anyone or any vehicles on dashcam, headcam or CCTV cameras on the days and times in question.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting the relevant reference number.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

As the majority of the incidents in this series involve rural properties being entered by force rather than because of insecurities, police are urging members of the public to consider installing crime prevention measures such as CCTV, security lighting and doorbell cameras as a way to help make their properties more secure.

For further home security advice, visit http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/home-safety
