```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-26T16:27:58+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-25T11:34:44+01:00'
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman from Ipswich have been jailed for burglary offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/jay-joseph-jackson-chantelle.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man and woman jailed for burglary offences
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-26T16:27:58+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-06-2018/man-and-woman-jailed-burglary-offences
title: Man and woman jailed for burglary offences | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-06-2018/man-and-woman-jailed-burglary-offences
```

A 33-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman from Ipswich have been jailed for burglary offences.

Joseph Jay, of Black Horse Lane, was jailed for 23 months for two counts of burglary, when he appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 23 October.

Chantelle Jackson, of Woodbridge Road, was jailed for 34-weeks for a burglary, when she also appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday.

It follows a burglary that took place on Thursday 21 June at a property on Silver Hill at Hintlesham where jewellery, electronic items and a camera were stolen and a second burglary where jewellery and a rifle were stolen in an incident at a property on Friday 22 June on Main Road in Woolverstone.

Between their arrest and sentencing, Jay chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter TIC (Taken Into Consideration) Unit and went on to make admissions to 9 further crimes including burglary and theft related offences. These of offences took place between April and June 2018.

Commenting on the sentencing, Detective Constable Barry Simpson from the Operation Converter TIC Unit said: "Jay chose to engage with the TIC process and as a result we were able to update the victims of his crimes with a positive outcome. This gave some reassurance that the person who entered their home, place of work or vehicle is serving a prison sentence and is not going to return in the near future. Burglary is a very intrusive offence and often leaves lasting trauma long after the investigation in concluded, so to speak with the victims and give them this news is particularly rewarding."

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.

## Previous release | 25 June 2018

Two people have been charged with burglary following two incidents that took place in Ipswich last week.

It follows a burglary that took place on Thursday 21 June at a property on Silver Hill at Hintlesham where jewellery, electronic items and a camera were stolen and a second burglary where jewellery and a rifle were stolen in an incident at a property on Friday 22 June on Main Road in Woolverstone.

Two people were arrested on Friday afternoon in connection with the incidents and taken to Martlesham Police investigation Centre for questioning.

Joseph Jay, aged 33 from Black Horse Lane in Ipswich was charged with two counts of burglary and also possession of class A drug, diamorphine. Chantelle Jackson, aged 26 and of Woodbridge Road in Ipswich was charged with two counts of burglary.

They were both remanded and due to appear before Ipswich magistrates court today (Monday 25 June).
