```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-25T15:14:44+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-24T13:41:53+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are re-appealing for witnesses following a reported serious sexual assault in Ipswich which took place on Saturday 23 June.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Renewed appeal after woman reports rape
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-25T15:14:44+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-06-2018/ipswich-renewed-appeal-after-woman-reports-rape
title: Ipswich - Renewed appeal after woman reports rape | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-06-2018/ipswich-renewed-appeal-after-woman-reports-rape
```

Police are re-appealing for witnesses following a reported serious sexual assault in Ipswich which took place on Saturday 23 June.

The incident took place in the vicinity of St Margaret’s Church, Bolton Lane, sometime just before 9.30pm. The victim, a woman in her 30s, was behind the church, in the churchyard, when a man came from behind her and pulled her to the ground. It is reported that the man then raped the woman, before he left via the front of the church and walked off in the direction of Cobbold Street.

The man is described as having an Eastern European accent, possibly Russian. No further description is available at this time.

Police were quickly on the scene and arrested two men in connection with the incident. Both have now been released under investigation.

The victim is being supported by specially trained officers.

Extensive CCTV, house to house and forensic work are being conducted as part of the investigation to understand the full circumstances of what has taken place. Officers are appealing for anybody who may have dashcam, mobile phone or private CCTV footage that could assist the inquiry to contact Police.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information regarding the incident are asked to call police on 101 quoting reference 34621/18. Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Previous release | 24 June 2018

Police are investigating a reported serious sexual assault in Ipswich which took place last night, Saturday 23 June.

The incident took place in the vicinity of St Margaret’s Church, Bolton Lane, sometime just before 9.30pm. The victim, a woman in her 30s, was behind the church, in the churchyard, when a man came from behind her and pulled her to the ground. It is reported that the man then raped the woman, before leaving via the front of the church.

The man is described as having an Eastern European accent, possibly Russian. No further description is available at this time.

Police were quickly on the scene and have arrested two men in connection with the incident. They have both been brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and will be questioned by detectives.

The victim is being supported by specially trained officers and a scene is in place to enable police to a fully investigate the circumstances.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information regarding the incident are asked to call police on 101 quoting reference 34621/18. Alternatively, contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
