```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-07T15:02:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-07T14:57:26+00:00'
og:
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/foskett_and_long.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men sentenced to 30 years for GBH offences - Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-07T15:02:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-12-2017/two-men-sentenced-30-years-gbh-offences-lowestoft
title: Two men sentenced to 30 years for GBH offences - Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/07-12-2017/two-men-sentenced-30-years-gbh-offences-lowestoft
```

Two men found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent against a man in Lowestoft have today, Thursday 7 December, been given a combined thirty year sentence.

Scott Foskett, 35 years old, of Ashfield Crescent, Lowestoft and Daryl Long, also 35, of York Road, Southend-on-Sea were convicted of causing grievous bodily harm with intent at Ipswich Crown Court, in September, following a two and a half week trial. Long was also convicted of robbery, which took place during the same incident.

Today, Thursday 7 December, Foskett was given an 18 year sentence, (14 years in custody and 4 years to be served on licence) Long was sentenced to 12 years in prison.

The victim, who at the time of the incident was 50 years old, was attacked by the men in his home in Marine Parade, Lowestoft on 10 November 2015. He was struck around the head several times causing multiple facial fractures and a swelling on the brain. During the incident the victim’s flat was badly damaged and his mobile phone was stolen. The victim was seriously hurt as a result and spent over four months in hospital with life-threatening injuries followed by several more months in a rehabilitation centre. He has since made a good recovery but still suffers side effects from injuries sustained.

Following a police investigation three men were charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent and robbery. Ipswich Crown Court found the third man not guilty at the conclusion of the trial.

In October 2017 Scott Foskett appeared before Ipswich Crown Court and pleaded guilty to committing grievous bodily harm in a separate incident which took place on 22 July 2017 in Pinewood Avenue, Lowestoft. Following an altercation with a 36 year old man, Foskett attacked the victim in an alleyway, knocking him to the ground before kicking him in the head several times. The victim sustained facial injuries which required hospital treatment and stitches. He was sentenced today to 2 years in prison, to be served concurrently.

Detective Sergeant John Beales said, “The despicable attack carried out by Foskett and Long was made worse for all those involved by the defendants’ failure to admit their part throughout a two year long investigation. The victim is still suffering effects of the dreadful ordeal to this day sand I would like to commend him for his courage in his ongoing recovery. I hope that today’s result brings some closure and enable him to move on with his life.”
