```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-10T11:26:22+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-10T11:25:42+00:00'
og:
  description: A 52-year-old man from West Yorkshire has been given a suspended prison sentence for grooming offences against a teenage girl from north Suffolk.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/blue_lamp.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man from West Yorkshire sentenced for grooming offences against a teenage girl
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-10T11:26:22+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-12-2018/man-west-yorkshire-sentenced-grooming-offences-against-teenage-girl
title: Man from West Yorkshire sentenced for grooming offences against a teenage girl | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-12-2018/man-west-yorkshire-sentenced-grooming-offences-against-teenage-girl
```

A 52-year-old man from West Yorkshire has been given a suspended prison sentence for grooming offences against a teenage girl from north Suffolk.

Robert Binns, of Bolton Road, Bradford, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 7 December, where he was sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment for each offence (to run concurrently), suspended for two years.

He is also subject to a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order, a restraining order until further notice and 10-year notification requirements.

Binns had pleaded guilty at a previous crown court appearance on Wednesday 14 November to two counts of engaging in sexual communication with a child, occurring between September 2017 and May 2018.

This is a relatively new offence in the statute book and Binns was the first person to be convicted of it in Suffolk. He was also ordered to sign the Sex Offenders’ Register for 10 years.

The investigation came about after concerns were raised to teachers of the victim that she was having an inappropriate online relationship with an older man.

This in turn was then reported to Suffolk Police’s Cybercrime Team, who discovered that Binns had been sending inappropriate and sexual messages to the victim via social media. The investigation also found that Binns had travelled to Suffolk and met with the victim on four occasions in early 2018.

Binns was arrested in May of this year by West Yorkshire Police, on behalf of Suffolk Constabulary. Officers travelled up to Bradford to interview Binns and he admitted to engaging in sexual communications with the victim and to meeting up with her.

Charlotte Driver, Suffolk Police’s Cybercrime Supervisor, said: “Robert Binns, like many paedophiles, did not think there was anything inappropriate in his relationship with a teenage girl under 16.

“He believed he was her online protector and that through their messages and conversations he could help her as she approached the age of sexual responsibility.

“There is absolutely nothing appropriate about a man aged over 50 sending sexual and flirtatious messages to a young girl more than 30 years his junior, as well as buying presents for her.

“Binns knew the age of his victim as they had spoken via video messaging and despite this he still travelled down to Suffolk to meet her.

“This behaviour is classed as grooming and it often develops into more serious offences. It is fortunate in this case that we were notified and were able to identify Binns before the victim came to any more harm.”
