```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-11T09:17:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-08T17:06:18+01:00'
og:
  description: More than 70 vehicles were stopped by police as forces teamed up for a roads policing operation in Ipswich yesterday (Thursday 7 June).A large number of people took part in Operation Alliance including officers and staff from partner agencies, who worked together with the aim of catching criminals using the roads while also targeting unsafe vehicles.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Ipswich - Five arrested following multi-agency operation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-11T09:17:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-06-2018/ipswich-five-arrested-following-multi-agency-operation
title: Ipswich - Five arrested following multi-agency operation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-06-2018/ipswich-five-arrested-following-multi-agency-operation
```

More than 70 vehicles were stopped by police as forces teamed up for a roads policing operation in Ipswich yesterday (Thursday 7 June).

A large number of people took part in Operation Alliance including officers and staff from partner agencies, who worked together with the aim of catching criminals using the roads while also targeting unsafe vehicles.

Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit were joined by colleagues from Essex, Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire Police as well as partner agencies for the action day which coincided with the summer drink and drug driving campaign.

Police motorcyclists and officers within marked and unmarked cars patrolled the A12, A14 and local roads in Ipswich, using the car park at Tesco Copdock as a check point area.

On the day, officers used ANPR (Automatic Number Plate Recognition) to identify vehicles of interest and also pulled over vehicles which showed signs they may be unsafe.

Fuel testing, drug checks and vehicle examinations were all carried out at the site with assistance from HM Revenue & Customs, Driver & Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA), Trading Standards, the Environment Agency, Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) and the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority.

Five arrests were made after a total of 75 vehicles were escorted to the site for checks during the day.

Two drivers were arrested for suspected drug driving offences, another driver was arrested as they were found to be just over twice the limit for drink driving, another driver failed to stop and their passenger was arrested for possession of an offensive weapon. A fifth driver was arrested for driving whilst disqualified, for having no insurance and for no licence.

Among the other results of the operation:

15 vehicles were issued with immediate prohibitions by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency for serious offences and defects.

A total of 16 vehicles were imposed with delayed prohibitions – defects must be fixed as soon as possible.

24 advisory notes were issued.

Nine vehicles were seized (under S165) for no insurance and licence offences.

A total of 58 traffic offence reports were produced relating to various offences. Among these included driving with no insurance (nine), driving with no MOT (three), driving a vehicle while illegally using a mobile phone (six), for driving with defective tyres (six), wearing no seat belt (nine), for driving with no licence (four), for tinted windows (seven), for number plate offences (seven), for light offences (one) and for failing to register a vehicle in the UK (one).

A total of 39 negative breath tests were carried out, one was positive and another test read close to the legal limit. Two positive drug wipe tests were recorded and 13 negative results were also logged.

18 stop searches under section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act were carried out, with 100 passive drugs dog indications, 15 positive indications leading to two arrests and three vehicles being searched.

The DVLA found nine drivers to be void of road tax, seven of those paid fines on site of £260 each and one heavy goods vehicle was fined £330 for having no road tax. One other vehicle was fined £381 but was unable to pay at the site and the vehicle was seized by DVLA.

Trading Standards checked 18 traders and 16 advisory notices were issued.
The Gangmasters Labour Abuse Authority checked six vehicles and 28 people were questioned.

The Environment Agency checked 14 vehicles, two had waste carrier licences and two had expired and were reported. All were offered advice and guidance.

Sgt Julian Ditcham, from the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit, who co-ordinated the operation, said: "A high number of offences were detected in total during the operation and I am pleased with the results. I am extremely grateful for my colleagues and partners for their ongoing support and hope this sends a clear message to those who break the law. We have taken dangerous offenders off the road today and have reiterated that any deviations from the law will be dealt with stringently.

“In fact only 12 vehicles out of the 75 stopped were clear of offences, I believe this demonstrates the need for such operations and we will continue to hold events like this across the region to tackle offenders and keep law-abiding road users safe.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Reducing casualties and keeping all Suffolk's road users safe is particularly important which is why I'm a great supporter of these targeted days of action, especially when other agencies are involved.

"The results speak for themselves and I would like to congratulate all involved in this successful operation. I remain deeply concerned there is still a minority of irresponsible and selfish road users who continue to flout the law with a wanton disregard for their own and other people's safety

"So the message for those individuals is you are likely to be caught. Keeping the road network flowing and safe is vital for us as individuals and for the wider economy."
