```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-14T10:02:53+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-13T11:41:00+01:00'
og:
  description: A 34-year-old man has been charged today, Saturday 14 April, following a serious assault in Haverhill.Ashley Braham of Conway Close, Haverhill has been charged with malicious wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm (GBH).Police were called at 7:56pm on Thursday 12 April, following reports that a 25-year-old man had been attacked by another man with an axe-type weapon in the car park of Tesco in Cangle Road, Haverhill.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Haverhill \u2013 Man charged following serious assault"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-14T10:02:53+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-04-2018/haverhill-%E2%80%93-man-charged-following-serious-assault
title: "Haverhill \u2013 Man charged following serious assault | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-04-2018/haverhill-%E2%80%93-man-charged-following-serious-assault
```

A 34-year-old man has been charged today, Saturday 14 April, following a serious assault in Haverhill.

Ashley Braham of Conway Close, Haverhill has been charged with malicious wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm (GBH).

Police were called at 7:56pm on Thursday 12 April, following reports that a 25-year-old man had been attacked by another man with an axe-type weapon in the car park of Tesco in Cangle Road, Haverhill.

The victim was found to have sustained three cuts to his head, two cuts to his arms and bruising to his back. He was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment but was discharged the same evening.

Braham was arrested shortly after 9am yesterday, and was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he was questioned. He was remanded and is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court at 10am today.

## Previous release | 13 April 2018

A 34-year-old man has been arrested today, Friday 13 April, on suspicion of malicious wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm (GBH) following a serious assault in Haverhill.

Police were called at 7:56pm yesterday, Thursday 12 April, following reports that a 25-year-old man had been attacked by another man with an axe-type weapon in the car park of Tesco in Cangle Road, Haverhill.

The victim was found to have sustained three cuts to his head, two cuts to his arms and bruising to his back. He was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment but was discharged the same evening.

The suspect, who fled the scene at the time, was arrested shortly after 9am this morning, and is currently in custody at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he is awaiting questioning.

Anyone who witnessed the incident, or has any information, is asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting crime reference 19761/18.

Alternatively, call the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org
