```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-02T14:42:40+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-02T14:38:20+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are urging van owners to remain vigilant after a\_series of thefts from vans and attempted thefts that took place in west Suffolk, Stowmarket\_and Hadleigh.They took place overnight between Wednesday 30 September and Thursday 1 October in a variety of locations.The incidents took place in the following locations:At Schoolfield in Glemsford late on Wed 30 Sept the occupants of a white Audi drilled the lock of a panel van \u2013 no property was inside with nothing taken (37/57085/20)"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-494973902.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Series of thefts and attempted thefts in west Suffolk, Stowmarket &amp; Hadleigh
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-02T14:42:40+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/series-thefts-and-attempted-thefts-west-suffolk-stowmarket-hadleigh
title: Series of thefts and attempted thefts in west Suffolk, Stowmarket & Hadleigh | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/series-thefts-and-attempted-thefts-west-suffolk-stowmarket-hadleigh
```

Police are urging van owners to remain vigilant after a series of thefts from vans and attempted thefts that took place in west Suffolk, Stowmarket and Hadleigh.

They took place overnight between Wednesday 30 September and Thursday 1 October in a variety of locations.

The incidents took place in the following locations:

At Schoolfield in Glemsford late on Wed 30 Sept the occupants of a white Audi drilled the lock of a panel van – no property was inside with nothing taken (37/57085/20)

At Homefield in Boxford late on Wed 30 Sept a white Vauxhall Vivaro vehicle had holes drilled in the back doors restricting entry from the outside – nothing was stolen (37/57140/20)

At Middleway in Long Melford overnight a silver van was broken into with power tools stolen with the front window of the vehicle smashed to gain entry. A white Audi was also seen to be in the area at the time (37/57114/20).

At Crown Field Road in Glemsford overnight a Combi Fiat vehicle was broken into with power tools stolen (37/57144/20).

At Cedar Park in Acton a blue Peugeot Partner van was broken into overnight with holes drilled in the back doors with power tools taken from inside (37/57191/20).

At Harwood Place in Lavenham overnight a white Ford transit van was tampered with the driver’s door damaged (37/57123/20).

At Chadburn Road in Long Melford late on 30 Sept a witness reported hearing a noise outside and saw torchlight and three people at the back of his father’s van trying to break into it – they then made off in a white Audi vehicle (37/57038/20).

At Meadow Close in Lavenham offenders drilled holes in the rear lock of a Vivaro van before making off in a white vehicle (37/57043/20).

At Brooksfield in Bildeston a rear door of a Ford Transit Connect van was drilled out. The van was empty so nothing was stolen (37/57172/20).

In many of the cases a white Audi estate vehicle was seen to be in the area.

These are being linked to incident in Hadleigh and Stowmarket:

Elsewhere, in Hadleigh a string of other thefts and attempted thefts took place during the same overnight period (between Wed 30 Sept and Thur 1 Oct) a hole was drilled in the rear doors of a white Peugeot Expert van on George Street allowing access to open doors although nothing was stolen. (37/57241/20)

On Woodthorpe Road in Hadleigh the rear door of white Peugeot Partner van was drilled, allowing door to be open and a bag on Makita Power Tools stolen from inside (37/57215/20).

On Tayler Road in Hadleigh a white Ford Connect had its door damaged with a hole drilled into it, although nothing was stolen (37/57190/20).

At Clopton Gardens in Hadleigh a silver Ford transit was damaged after it had holes drilled in a side door but nothing was taken (37.57158.20).At Alabaster Close a Peugeot Partner had its doors drilled after leaving it parked on 30 September at 1pm, only to return the following day at 10am to find the damage. Nothing was stolen (37/57266/20)

At Canterbury Road on Thursday 1 October in the evening a red van had its lock drilled, gaining entry with power tools were stolen (37/57266/20). In the same street a white Renault Trafic van had its doors drilled and tools stolen (37/57268/20) as did a Vauxhall Vivaro van (37/57272/20) and the tools inside were also stolen.

Elsewhere, in Stowmarket on Campion Way there was a report of a damaged lock to a Ford transit van (37/57201/20) on 1 October, while a Ford Transit had its lock drilled but access wasn’t gained and nothing stolen (37/57314/20 ) On Orwell Road a Peugeot Partner had its lock drilled with power tools stolen (37/57219/20).

On Edgar Avenue in Stowmarket (1October) a Ford Transit van had its lock drilled and entry gained with power tools stolen (37/57035/20).

Inspector Kevin Horton said: "Enquiries are on-going to locate the suspects and were are following a number of leads. I’d urge all those who own vans used for building, maintenance and trade to stay vigilant and think carefully about what crime prevention methods you can use to stop becoming a victim."

Owners of vans are reminded to follow the below crime prevention advice:

Remove tools from thevan if possible.

Always lock all doors& shut windows, physically checking doors are locked.

Always set youralarm/immobiliser and take action if you hear the alarm sounding.

Park in a garage orsecure area covered by CCTV where possible

Park with the doorsagainst a wall.

Mark all tools with anengraver and/or permanent marker with your postcode/initials and/or usingforensic markers.

Register tools for freeat: www.immobilise.com

For further crime prevention advice do visit: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/roads-and-vehicles/tool-smart and http://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/powertoolsecurity1.pdf

Anyone who saw any suspicious activity in the area should contact Suffolk police, quoting the relevant crime number

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Phone – Call 101

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999
