```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-22T16:51:44+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T16:51:44+01:00'
og:
  description: "Chief Constable Gareth Wilson and Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Tim Passmore will be going \u2018on tour\u2019 again this year, visiting town centres across the county."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/cc_and_pcc_walking.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Meet the Chief Constable and PCC on their tour of the county
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-22T16:51:44+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/meet-chief-constable-and-pcc-their-tour-county
title: Meet the Chief Constable and PCC on their tour of the county | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/meet-chief-constable-and-pcc-their-tour-county
```

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson and Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Tim Passmore will be going ‘on tour’ again this year, visiting town centres across the county.

Throughout the summer holiday period, the Chief and PCC will set up base within towns across Suffolk and will be available for members of the public to speak about any policing issues, including the new county policing model which went live earlier this year.

Members of the local Safer Neighbourhood Team will also be there to answer local queries and to offer personal safety and crime reduction advice.

Local officers will be available at each venue from 10:30am until 2:30pm, with the Chief and PCC present between 11am and 2pm **.** All are welcome to come along and speak with the team about any policing or community issue.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "This is the fourth year we have held these events and they have been a great way for us to get to the heart of local towns and find out what people think.

"There has been a great deal of organisational change in the Constabulary over recent years, as we have worked to ensure we provide the right service for today’s demand. It is really important that whilst this continues, we listen to the people we serve so that their priorities are addressed and their issues and concerns understood. This is a great way for Tim and I to do this. I hope lots of people come along to speak with us and their local team."

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "The ‘On Tour’ events provide a wonderful opportunity to speak to people to find out precisely what the local issues and concerns are. This helps us to ensure policing deals with what matters to all our communities so that trust and confidence in our Constabulary is as high as possible.

"Public engagement is a crucial element of my role and I thoroughly enjoy these opportunities to talk directly to people about the policing service they receive. It’s a great chance to discuss any aspect of policing and I hope lots of people will come along to see us."

The mobile police base will be open at each location from 10:30am-2:30pm. The Chief and PCC will be present from 11am-2pm. They will be visiting the following locations:

 * Wednesday 27 July – Ipswich – Corn Hill
 * Thursday 4 August – Sudbury – Market Hill
 * Friday 5 August – Lowestoft – London Road North
 * Thursday 9 August – Newmarket – outside the Guineas Shopping Centre
 * Thursday 11 August – Stowmarket – The Meadow Centre
 * Wednesday 31 August – Bury St Edmunds – The Arc Shopping Centre
 * Thursday 1 September – Woodbridge – The Thoroughfare
