```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-23T12:41:57+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-11-23T12:41:41+00:00'
og:
  description: "A man from Lowestoft has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to cannabis offences.\_24 year old Lewis Whitehouse of Pakefield Road in the town was sentenced on Wednesday 18 November at Ipswich Crown Court.\_\_It follows his arrest by officers from the Sentinel East team in September this year at his property for being concerned in the supply of cannabis. In the process of the arrest and a search of the property police also recovered three large bags of cannabis, estimated to weight about 5kg and to have a street value of \xA350,000."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sentineleast.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Jail for man supplying \xA350,000 of cannabis"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-23T12:41:57+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/jail-man-supplying-ps50000-cannabis
title: "Jail for man supplying \xA350,000 of cannabis | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/jail-man-supplying-ps50000-cannabis
```

A man from Lowestoft has been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to cannabis offences.

24 year old Lewis Whitehouse of Pakefield Road in the town was sentenced on Wednesday 18 November at Ipswich Crown Court.

It follows his arrest by officers from the Sentinel East team in September this year at his property for being concerned in the supply of cannabis. In the process of the arrest and a search of the property police also recovered three large bags of cannabis, estimated to weight about 5kg and to have a street value of £50,000.

He was also arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning and was subsequently charged with possession with intent to supply cannabis.

At court he pleaded guilty to the offences and was sentenced to serve two years in jail.

The Sentinel team provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Gallery
