```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-01T16:26:07+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-29T12:03:05+00:00'
og:
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/danielcole_1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Newmarket \u2013 Tribute paid to victim of fatal collision"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-01T16:26:07+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-01-2019/newmarket-%E2%80%93-tribute-paid-victim-fatal-collision
title: "Newmarket \u2013 Tribute paid to victim of fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-01-2019/newmarket-%E2%80%93-tribute-paid-victim-fatal-collision
```

The family of a man from the Cambridge area who died following a road traffic collision near Newmarket on Monday have paid tribute to him.

Officers were called at around 11pm on Monday 28 January, to reports of a serious collision on the eastbound section of the A14 near to junction 37 involving a lorry and a male pedestrian walking on the carriageway.

Daniel Cole, aged 38 from Cambridge, was the pedestrian, and sadly died at the scene. Mr Cole’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

‘Daniel’s parents, Dawn and Stephen, received the most awful news that any parent can receive, that Daniel, their eldest son of four children, had been involved in a tragic accident, and sadly passed away on Monday 28 January 2019.
Daniel was a brother to Matthew, Selina, Tracey, a loving partner to Chloe, and was an amazing father to Bella.

Daniel and Chloe received the news that they were expecting their second child, another princess, due in April 2019. Sadly for Daniel he won’t get to see her now.

Daniel was a compassionate and loving son, who adored his family, and often teased his nephews and nieces. He would light up any room with his cheeky smile or his loud infectious laugh.

To those who knew him, he had a big heart, and was most caring, generous and hardworking in nature. A forgiving and understanding young man, Daniel would go out of his way to help anyone, and was full of love, joy and pride.

Picture of Daniel with his daughter Bella (his princess)

## Previous release | 29 January 2019

Police can confirm that a man has died following a serious collision on the A14, near Newmarket.

Officers were called at around 11pm last night, Monday 28 January, to reports of a serious collision on the eastbound section of the A14 near to junction 37 involving a lorry and a male pedestrian walking on the carriageway.

Sadly the pedestrian, a man in his 30s died at the scene. Next of kin have been made aware.

The eastbound carriageway was closed for several hours overnight to allow an investigation into the collision to take place. The road has since reopened.

Witnesses or anybody who may have any relevant dash-cam footage are asked to call the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting reference 455.
