```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-12T15:10:57+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-12T15:09:51+01:00'
og:
  description: Operation Sceptre, the national week of action against knife crime, took place last week and was pro-actively supported by Suffolk Constabulary.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/amnesty_bin_ipswich_2017.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Positive operation targeting those who carry bladed weapons
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-12T15:10:57+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/positive-operation-targeting-those-who-carry-bladed-weapons
title: Positive operation targeting those who carry bladed weapons | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/positive-operation-targeting-those-who-carry-bladed-weapons
```

> **Left; Sergeant Philip Barrett with bladed items from the Ipswich amnesty bin
> Right; weapons found in searches at Jubilee Park, Ipswich**

Operation Sceptre, the national week of action against knife crime, took place last week and was pro-actively supported by Suffolk Constabulary.

Six people were arrested in connection with possession of offensive or bladed weapons:

 * A 29 year old man from Lowestoft was arrested on 3 May on suspicion of threatening a person in a public place with a bladed weapon. He has been released under investigation.
 * A 44 year old man from Bungay was arrested on 3 May on suspicion of using threatening word/behaviour and possession of an offensive weapon. He was cautioned for the offence.
 * Roy Messenger, 51 of Eastward Place, Stowmarket was arrested on 5 May and charged with possession of an offensive weapon. He is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court on 22 May.
 * Harry Greensmith, 20, from Ipswich, was arrested on 4 May and charged with drugs offences and possession of an offensive weapon. He is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates Court on 5 June.
 * A 50 year old woman from Beccles was arrested on 7 May on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly, assaulting a police officer and possession of a bladed weapon. She has been released under investigation.
 * Officers responded to call on 7 May reporting an assault at an address in Lowestoft. The offender was located nearby and detained. Fred Elsom, 19, from Lowestoft was arrested on and charged with assault, criminal damage and possession of a knife in a public place. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Ipswich Crown Court on 6 June.

Officers carried out weapons sweeps in two public parks. 13 weapons, including an axe and a snooker cue were recovered from Jubilee Park in Ipswich. In Alderman Park Ipswich a combat knife was recovered along with 100 needles. Ipswich Borough Council provided support during this operation.

Amnesty blade bins across Suffolk were emptied with the following results;

 * Ipswich - 303 knives and bladed items
 * Lowestoft - 39 items deposited during Operation Sceptre including a dagger
 * Bury St Edmunds - 300 bladed items
 * Sudbury - 55 bladed items, including a knuckleduster weapon
 * Mildenhall – 239 bladed items

The bins were last emptied in October 2016. Since the Bin a Blade campaign was launched in Suffolk in 2011, well over 17,000 bladed items have been deposited and destroyed.

PCSOs visited a number of high schools in East Suffolk to engage with children, highlighting the dangers to young people of carrying knives. Leaflets and posters were distributed across communities, libraries and schools. Police worked with Trading Standards to further educate shop owners about the importance of challenging underage customers and selling knives and bladed objects within the law.

> **Superintendent Kerry Cutler who was in charge of the operation said:**
>
> "There is no excuse to carry a knife in Suffolk. Knife crime can have devastating consequences and if you are found illegally in possession of a knife you will be arrested, could be put before the court and brought to justice.
>
> "Knives do not keep you safe – quite the opposite. By carrying a knife you are putting yourself in much greater danger, being more likely to become involved in a violent situation and get injured yourself. If you believe that somebody you know is carrying a knife, do the right thing and report it to us or Crimestoppers – it could save a life.
>
> "This week of activity is part of our ongoing commitment to disrupt criminal gangs and take as many knives and weapons off our streets as possible.
>
> "There are a number of knife amnesty bins across the county in place across the county and I would encourage people to use them and help us to keep Suffolk safe.”
>
> Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "I fully support the Constabulary’s Operation Sceptre, we need to do all we can through education, peer pressure, policing and sentencing to make it absolutely clear that it’s never acceptable for a person to carry a knife or weapon. I find it really disappointing that anyone carries a blade of any kind.
>
> "The Bin a Blade campaign and the use of these bins is a great way of highlighting the issue of knife crime. I would encourage anyone who has a knife or any other weapon to dispose of them responsibly and immediately. Ultimately it is about making Suffolk as safe as possible.”

All of the pictures below were taken from Suffolk Police Twitter account, @IpsEastPolice.

## Gallery
