```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-21T11:25:04+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-20T15:02:52+01:00'
og:
  description: A 24 year old man from Ipswich arrested on Thursday 20 April, has been charged with six drug offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged with six drug offences and four other men released under investigation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-21T11:25:04+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-men-arrested-following-drugs-warrant-ipswich
title: Man charged with six drug offences and four other men released under investigation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/four-men-arrested-following-drugs-warrant-ipswich
```

A 24 year old man from Ipswich arrested on Thursday 20 April, has been charged with six drug offences. Four other men also detained yesterday in connection with the supply of drugs have now been released under investigation.

Wayne Scullian, of no fixed abode, was arrested and brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning by detectives. He has now been charged with two counts of offering to supply heroin, two counts of offering to supply crack cocaine and two counts of possession of cannabis. He has been remanded into custody and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning, Friday 21 April.

Four other men arrested yesterday, 20 April, in connection with the supply of Class A drugs have been released under investigation in relation to these offences as police continue enquiries. Two men aged 42 and one man aged 32 all from Ipswich along with a 22 year old man from Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire were arrested following a drugs warrant at an address on Kemball Street in the town.

Suffolk Police will continue to act upon intelligence provided by members of the public. That information can help us remove drugs and violence from our communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the **101** number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111**.

## Previous release | 20/04/2017

Officers today, Thursday 20 April, executed a drugs warrant in Kemball Street, Ipswich and have arrested four men in connection with the supply of Class A drugs.

Two men aged 42, and one man aged 32 all from Ipswich along with a 22 year old man from Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire have been brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned by detectives.

Suffolk Police will continue to act upon intelligence provided by members of the public. That information can help us remove drugs and violence from our communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the **101** number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111**.
