```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-06-14T17:50:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-14T17:50:35+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses to two incidents of theft that took place near Saxmundham.The most recent incident happened on Thursday 7 June at some point between 1.40pm and 4pm at an antique shop Snape Maltings Antiques And Collectors Centre on Bridge Road at Snape Maltings when a cabinet in the shop was forced open and 10 items of antique jewellery were taken.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/female_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Antique jewellery stolen from Snape Maltings
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-06-14T17:50:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-06-2018/antique-jewellery-stolen-snape-maltings
title: Antique jewellery stolen from Snape Maltings | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/14-06-2018/antique-jewellery-stolen-snape-maltings
```

Police are appealing for witnesses to two incidents of theft that took place near Saxmundham.

The most recent incident happened on Thursday 7 June at some point between 1.40pm and 4pm at an antique shop Snape Maltings Antiques And Collectors Centre on Bridge Road at Snape Maltings when a cabinet in the shop was forced open and 10 items of antique jewellery were taken.

These were a gold Victorian opal, ruby and seed pearl brooch (worth £315); a gold Victorian moonstone and diamond bangle (worth £795); a gold diamond solitaire ring (worth £735); a gold ring with a single diamond with a turquoise each side and hallmarked ‘London 1898’ (worth £925) and a gold turquoise antique pendant with a chain (worth £695). In addition, an 18ct gold ruby and diamond Victorian carved ring and four various pieces of quality amber all set in silver sterling were also taken. These five items were all valued at under £200 each.

An initial theft also took place at some point between 3pm on Thursday 3 May and 5pm on Friday 4 May at the same premises. A wooden cabinet was stolen that contained four clocks described as a 1940s French ‘Jaz’ Travel/alarm clock (photo a); a 1930s/40s French bakelite and chrome ‘SMI’ small mantle clock (photo b); a 1940s French ‘Jaz’ alarm clock in semi-circular/domed top chrome case (photo c), and a 1940s French ‘Bayard’ Square travel alarm clock in original travel case (photo d). The wooden cabinet with three glass shelves that contained the clocks was also taken. The clocks in total were worth around £1000. Officers are keeping an open mind as to if the two incidents were committed by the same suspects.

Anyone who witnessed the incidents or knows of the whereabouts of the jewellery or clocks should contact Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 37/31709/18 for the jewellery theft and 37/24729/18 for the clock thefts or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Gallery
