```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-11T08:41:21+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-12-27T11:01:22+00:00'
og:
  description: "A woman who sadly died following a road traffic collision in Thorndon is being named by police, as her family pay tribute to her.Officers were called on Tuesday 27 December, at just before 8:30am, to reports of a single vehicle collision on Thwaite Road, Thorndon.\_A green Peuget 206 car was found in a ditch, having left the road.Sonya Colton, aged 29 from Stoke Ash, was treated by ambulance staff at the scene but sadly died from her injuries.Sonya\u2019s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sonyacolton-website.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Thorndon collision - woman named as family pay tribute
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-11T08:41:21+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/thorndon-collision-woman-named-family-pay-tribute
title: Thorndon collision - woman named as family pay tribute | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/thorndon-collision-woman-named-family-pay-tribute
```

A woman who sadly died following a road traffic collision in Thorndon is being named by police, as her family pay tribute to her.

Officers were called on Tuesday 27 December, at just before 8:30am, to reports of a single vehicle collision on Thwaite Road, Thorndon. A green Peuget 206 car was found in a ditch, having left the road.

Sonya Colton, aged 29 from Stoke Ash, was treated by ambulance staff at the scene but sadly died from her injuries.

Sonya’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

"A precious daughter of Tracy and Andy, loved daughter to Dave, much loved sister to Tony and Louise, a loving mother to four children; the youngest being only four months old. A ‘princess’ to so many, our thoughts are with her children who will be brought up with the knowledge of what an amazing, strong woman she had become and how very much she loved them all.

"Sonya had lived in Stoke Ash for the last four-and-a-half years and had many some very close friends there. She previously lived on Victoria Road, Oulton Broad, and had attended Elm Tree School, Lowestoft, before going to the New Eccles Hall School in Quidenham, Norfolk; and after leaving school had chosen to work with disabled children.

"The day she left this Earth was the day all our lived changed forever. You will be so deeply missed and never forgotten.

"The family would like to thank all the emergency services that attended the scene, including the East Anglian Air Ambulance, and a very special ‘thank you’ to the person or persons who called the emergency services and stayed with her until they arrived.”

Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the collision, has dash cam footage of the incident, or witnessed the manner of driving prior to it to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** , quoting CAD 70 of 27 December 2016.

## Previous release - 27 December 10.50am

Emergency services are currently on the scene of a serious collision in Thorndon.

Police were called at just before 8.30am this morning, Tuesday 27 December, by the East of England Ambulance Service to reports of a single vehicle collision on Thwaite Road, Thorndon. A car was found in a ditch, having left the road, and a woman believed to have been in the vehicle was located nearby with serious injuries.

The air ambulance is in attendance and at present the road remains closed in both directions whilst an investigation into the circumstances of the collision takes place.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information are asked to call police on 101 quoting CAD 70 of today, 27 December.

## Previous release - 27 December

Roads policing officers have confirmed that a woman sadly died at the scene of a fatal collision earlier this morning in Thorndon.

Police were called at just before 8.30am this morning, Tuesday 27 December, by the East of England Ambulance Service, to reports of a single vehicle collision on Thwaite Road, Thorndon. A green Peuget 206 car was found in a ditch, having left the road, and a woman in her twenties, believed to have been in the vehicle was located nearby with serious injuries. The woman was treated by ambulance staff but sadly died at the scene.

The air ambulance was in attendance and the road was closed in both directions but has now re-opened. An investigation into the circumstances of the collision is now underway.

Witnesses or anybody who has any information are asked to call police on **101** quoting CAD 70 of today, 27 December.
