```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-04-13T13:10:03+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-04-13T13:01:03+01:00'
og:
  description: '[[{&quot;fid&quot;:&quot;5898&quot;,&quot;view_mode&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;attributes&quot;:{&quot;alt&quot;:&quot;Vacile Calici&quot;,&quot;style&quot;:&quot;width: 250px; height: 334px; float: right;&quot;,&quot;class&quot;:&quot;media-element file-default&quot;,&quot;data-delta&quot;:&quot;2&quot;},&quot;fields&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;Vacile Calici&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]&quot;:false},&quot;type&quot;:&quot;media&quot;,&quot;field_deltas&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;Vacile Calici&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;&quot;},&quot;2&quot;:{&quot;format&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]&quot;:&quot;Vacile Calici&quot;,'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/vasilecalici.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Burglar sentenced to 20 months jail term
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-04-13T13:10:03+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-04-2018/burglar-sentenced-20-months-jail-term
title: Burglar sentenced to 20 months jail term | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/13-04-2018/burglar-sentenced-20-months-jail-term
```

A 20 year old man has been jailed after committing a string of burglaries in Suffolk.

Vasile Calici of Yeoman Close in Ipswich was convicted of burglary after appearing at Ipswich crown court yesterday (Thursday 12 April) where he pleaded guilty.

He was jailed for 20 months for burglary and disqualified from driving for 28 months to run concurrently for driving with no insurance and no licence. It follows him being charged with one burglary in Ipswich at The Crescent in Barham that took place on 22 January where jewellery was stolen. He went on to admit to other offences including three other burglaries.

One took place at a property on Epsom Drive in Ipswich where items of jewellery were stolen. One occurred overnight between 18 and 19 January 2018 at a property on the Main Road at Kesgrave when he gained entry to the property by smashing a rear window using a garden ornament. He conducted an untidy search but no items were stolen. The same night he smashed a rear window of a property on Norwich Road in Ipswich, gained entry and conducted an untidy search of entire house. He stole a television, watches and various religious items.

On 14 January he also made off without paying for petrol from a service station at Coddenham on Norwich Road. These offences were repeated on 16 January at a service station on Wherstead Road in Ipswich and at a service station on the A12 at Bentley on 19 January

DC Duncan Etchells from the Operation Converter team said: "Burglary is a clear invasion of people’s homes and their personal space and can be very upsetting and distressing for the victims. Hopefully this sentence given in this case will provide some peace of mind to Calici’s victims and also act as a deterrent to other would-be burglars.”
Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence.

Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
