```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-14T11:45:36+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-07-14T11:40:35+01:00'
og:
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/felixstowe_csw_7.7.17.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Felixstowe &amp; District Speed Watch day of action
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-14T11:45:36+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/felixstowe-district-speed-watch-day-action
title: Felixstowe & District Speed Watch day of action | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/felixstowe-district-speed-watch-day-action
```

> **The Community Speed Watch Volunteers with Inspector Andy Pursehouse (r) and PCSO Stephen Baddeley (third from left)**

More than 60 motorists were caught speeding during a day of action on the Colneis peninsula last week.

Felixstowe & District Community Speed Watch, along with the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership and Felixstowe Safer Neighbourhood Team, carried out a day of action on Friday 7 July.

Starting at 7am in Trimley Road, Kirton, checks were carried out at various locations throughout the day as follows: Kirton Road, Trimley St Martin; and Wesel Avenue, Walton Avenue and High Road East, Felixstowe. The final session of the day began at 5pm.

In total the Safety Camera Partnership detected 43 offences and the majority of these drivers will be issued with penalty notices. The Community Speed Watch team picked-up a further 20 offences and these motorists will all receive warning letters.

> **PCSO Stephen Baddeley, of the Felixstowe Safer Neighbourhood Team, said:** “This was a really positive day of action which saw the Community Speed Watch volunteers join forces with the Suffolk Safety Camera Partnership Team to promote road safety in the Felixstowe area.
>
> “The fact that 63 offending drivers were detected over the course of the day – with the highest speed recorded being 45mph in a 30mph zone - clearly displays that too many people are still driving too quickly.
>
> “We are planning more of these days of action in the future as we continue to combat speeding in our neighbourhoods. In the meantime, the Community Speed Watch team will continue to conduct their own speed checks and are keen to hear from anyone who may be interested in joining them.”

> **Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore, added:** “Well done to everyone involved in this day of action. It’s great to see volunteers from our communities working with the Constabulary to keep our roads as safe as they can be.
>
> “We have an army of Community Speed Watch volunteers across the county and they do a fantastic job. Speeding is a very controversial issue and one of the main topics of concern of people contacting my office.
>
> “One thing that comes through to me loud and clear is that people want to see speed checks being carried-out in our towns and villages. Without the commitment and enthusiasm of our Community Speed Watch volunteers, days of action such as this one on the Colneis peninsula, would not be possible.”

Anyone interested in volunteering for the Felixstowe & District Community Speed Watch should contact either PCSO Baddeley or Sgt Peter Street at Felixstowe Police Station on 101or by emailing: [email protected]

Alternatively, if you would like to join an existing scheme in another area of the county, or form a new one, please email: [email protected]

The aim of Community Speed Watch is to allow members of the local community to address the issue of speeding in their area by becoming actively involved in road safety, monitoring driver speeds at safe locations with speed detection equipment.

It tackles the problem of speeding through the joint work of the police, local community, parish councils and other partner agencies.

The intention is not to catch as many speeding drivers as possible, but to reduce speed in areas of concern.

Community Speed Watch informs drivers that excessive speed is socially unacceptable, and helps to re-educate drivers about the dangers of speeding, while addressing concerns from local residents about cars speeding through their neighbourhoods.

More information can be found in the Suffolk Police website: www.suffolk.police.uk/services/watch-schemes

## Gallery
