```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-05T14:15:41+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-03T17:37:19+00:00'
og:
  description: "An 18-year-old man has been charged with four counts of arson following a number of incidents on Bramford Road in the town on Saturday.At about 6.20am on Saturday 3 February police received reports of an accelerant contained in bottles having been thrown at a number of separate properties in close proximity on Bramford Road. A parked car was also damaged by fire.None of the properties were badly damaged with just external smoke damage caused to the front doors and minor damage to the wheel arch of the car. No-one was injured as result of the\_incidents."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged following arson attacks - Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-05T14:15:41+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-02-2018/man-charged-following-arson-attacks-ipswich
title: Man charged following arson attacks - Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-02-2018/man-charged-following-arson-attacks-ipswich
```

An 18-year-old man has been charged with four counts of arson following a number of incidents on Bramford Road in the town on Saturday.

At about 6.20am on Saturday 3 February police received reports of an accelerant contained in bottles having been thrown at a number of separate properties in close proximity on Bramford Road. A parked car was also damaged by fire.

None of the properties were badly damaged with just external smoke damage caused to the front doors and minor damage to the wheel arch of the car. No-one was injured as result of the incidents.

Police were also notified of an aggravated burglary at a property on Bramford Road which took place earlier in the morning of 3 February. It was reported that a man entered an address and assaulted a male occupant with a brick. The victim sustained minor cuts and grazes to his head and swelling to his hand as a result of the incident.

An 18-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on 3 February on suspicion of arson and was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Edvinas Janavicius of Norwich Road has now been charged with four counts of arson, aggravated burglary with intent and also possession of a class B drugs.

Janavicius is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court today, Monday 5 February.

## Previous release - 3 February

Police are appealing for witnesses after an incident of arson In Ipswich.

At about 6.20am today (Saturday 3 February) police received reports of an accelerant contained in bottles thrown at four separate properties in close proximity on Bramford Road.

None of the properties were badly damaged with just external smoke damage caused to the front doors and minor damage to the wheel arch of a parked car.

No-one was injured as result of the incident. An 18 year old man from Ipswich has been arrested on suspicion of arson and has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious behaviour or has knowledge of the incident should contact Ipswich CID on 101 quoting crime reference 37/6536/18 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
