```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-09T10:47:29+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-09T10:47:17+00:00'
og:
  description: Students from the county put their ideas forward as part of a competition created by Suffolk Constabulary.A variety of schools and colleges took on a challenge to create a concept that would help the Police do things differently in the future.A team from Suffolk New College were judged as the overall winners and they were invited to present their plans to a series of high-powered guests during an innovation day that took place at Milsoms in Kesgrave.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/2snc_-_public_services_winners_1_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Students win police innovation competition
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-03-09T10:47:29+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-03-2020/students-win-police-innovation-competition
title: Students win police innovation competition | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/09-03-2020/students-win-police-innovation-competition
```

Students from the county put their ideas forward as part of a competition created by Suffolk Constabulary.

A variety of schools and colleges took on a challenge to create a concept that would help the Police do things differently in the future.

A team from Suffolk New College were judged as the overall winners and they were invited to present their plans to a series of high-powered guests during an innovation day that took place at Milsoms in Kesgrave.

The winning app proposed to allow people to interact with the police, learn about community engagement projects and ongoing initiatives, report crime and access links so individuals could receive specialist support.

The event was hosted by Inspector Jo Garrard from the Improvement and Innovation team. She said, “We need to think outwardly to help solve our problems of the future. Therefore, we created this competition for local education establishments and we were delighted with the response. The winning team wowed us with their new App that aims to improve communication between the public and the police.

“All these ideas will be fed back directly to the Home Office and some ideas may end up getting adopted nationally. We are looking to design the Police force of the future and organisations like Suffolk New College are crucial to us going forward.”

Laura Debnam is a graduation officer and also works for the Suffolk Police innovation team. She said, “We want to improve the engagement between the constabulary and colleges. From our point of view, young people come up with some of the best ideas and they bring a fresh perspective to our work. We want to keep reaching out to people in education and long term I’m working on a project to bring in new ideas via an intern programme.”

16-year-old Morgan Scott-Chantry from Ipswich is on a level three public services course and was one of the team that won this competition. The Suffolk New College student, said, “Our idea is sustainable and can be used in the future and it was very satisfying to be involved in this project.”

17-year-old Charlie Cox also helped develop the winning idea. He said, “I was surprised, proud and very happy to win.”

Public Services lecturer, Martin Memory, added, “I’m really impressed by the students and thankful to Suffolk Police for their support.”

Jo Garrard (Suffolk Police) and Martin Memory (Suffolk New College) discussing the idea of working together in the future. The winning team from Suffolk New College – Charlie Cox, Morgan Scott-Chantry and Adam Staff. Laura Debnam (Suffolk Police) who helped co-ordinate the day. (Photos by John Nice).

## Gallery
