```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-22T12:06:48+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-22T12:06:48+01:00'
og:
  description: Working together to recognise modern slavery in Norfolk and Suffolk will be the main focus at a special conference later this week.Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies are hosting the event on Thursday 25 May to enhance their work with partners and organisations in order to tackle modern slavery and trafficking.A number of partner agencies will attend the event, including the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority, the Office of the Independent Anti-Slavery Commissioner, British Red Cross, the Salvation Army, Stronger Together and UNSEEN.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/istock-mouthscovered-mall.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Working together to recognise Modern Slavery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-22T12:06:48+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/working-together-recognise-modern-slavery
title: Working together to recognise Modern Slavery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/working-together-recognise-modern-slavery
```

Working together to recognise modern slavery in Norfolk and Suffolk will be the main focus at a special conference later this week.

Norfolk and Suffolk Constabularies are hosting the event on Thursday 25 May to enhance their work with partners and organisations in order to tackle modern slavery and trafficking.

A number of partner agencies will attend the event, including the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority, the Office of the Independent Anti-Slavery Commissioner, British Red Cross, the Salvation Army, Stronger Together and UNSEEN.

Modern slavery is a reality and happens everywhere, even in rural Suffolk. It’s an abuse of Human Rights and effects society’s most vulnerable men, women and children.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson said: "We know that modern day slavery, is by its very nature, generally hidden from view, and we are working hard with our partners to identify and support victims and to bring those responsible to justice.

"Information is key here and we recognise the important role that external organisations, local authorities and the public play in recognising the signs and reporting concerns to us.

"We have the resources in place to respond effectively and we will do all we can to stop this exploitation of often vulnerable people by organised criminals.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said,

"As Suffolk’s PCC I am a strong advocate for victims of crime so welcome this focus on modern slavery. We must all work together to combat this abhorrent crime.

"This is a despicable crime which targets and exploits the vulnerable with desperate consequences. Signs of modern slavery are often hidden, making it hard to recognise the victims.

"It is a particularly sad reflection on our society that there is need for this conference but I fully support this opportunity to raise awareness of this horrible and cruel crime.

"It is only by working together we will raise awareness of modern slavery and the abuse and injustice that is associated with this abhorrent crime and bring these evil criminals to justice.”

### Would you know how to spot the signs of Modern Day Slavery?

Listed below are some of the signs that might indicate trafficking.

 **Physical Appearance**

• Show signs of physical or psychological abuse, look malnourished or unkempt, or appear withdrawn and neglected. They may have untreated injuries

 **Isolation**

• Rarely be allowed to travel on their own, seem under the control, influence of others, rarely interact or appear unfamiliar with their neighbourhood or where they work

 **Poor living conditions**

• Be living in dirty, cramped or overcrowded accommodation, and / or living and working at the same address

 **Restricted freedom of movement**

• Have no identification documents, have few personal possessions and always wear the same clothes day in day out. What clothes they do wear may not be suitable for their work

• Have little opportunity to move freely and may have had their travel documents retained, e.g. passports

 **Unusual travel times**

• Be dropped off / collected for work on a regular basis either very early or late at night

 **Reluctant to seek help**

• Avoid eye contact, appear frightened or hesitant to talk to strangers and fear law enforcers for many reasons, such as not knowing who to trust or where to get help, fear of deportation, fear of violence to them or their family.

If you have suspicions that someone is being trafficked – or to get help and seek advice - you can contact the Modern Slavery Helpline on **08000 121 700**.

If you believe a person is being trafficked and is in immediate danger, you should call **999** straight away.

You can also report suspicions of trafficking by calling Norfolk/Suffolk Police on 101 or via Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555111**.
