```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-02T14:36:25+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-02T14:36:25+01:00'
og:
  description: "\u2018Think before you act\u2019 is the message from Suffolk Police to those who carry bladed weapons."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/knifes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Op Sceptre - week of action to target knife crime
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-02T14:36:25+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/op-sceptre-week-action-target-knife-crime
title: Op Sceptre - week of action to target knife crime | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/op-sceptre-week-action-target-knife-crime
```

‘Think before you act’ is the message from Suffolk Police to those who carry bladed weapons.

Operation Sceptre, the national week of action against knife crime, is an opportunity to highlight the risks that carrying a bladed weapon can bring as well as targeting offenders who use and carry knives. Between Monday 1 May and Saturday 6 May officers from across the force will be targeting offenders connected with knife crime.

Officers and Special Constables from local policing areas, alongside drugs teams and response officers will use intelligence-led deployments, weapons sweeps and high-visibility patrols to target and disrupt offenders who carry and use knives. This is part of ongoing work with partners to tackle crime gang and associated gang activity.

Police will be working with Trading Standards to further educate shop owners about the importance of challenging underage customers and selling knives and bladed objects within the law.

PCSOs will be visiting a number of high schools in East Suffolk to engage with children, highlighting the dangers to young people of carrying knives. Leaflets and posters will also be distributed across communities, libraries and schools.

Knife amnesty bins across the county, give people the opportunity to dispose of safely knives and blades. Since the Bin a Blade campaign was launched in 2011, well over 17,000 bladed items have been deposited.

> **Superintendent Kerry Cutler, lead for Operation Sceptre at Suffolk Police, said:**
>
> "There is no excuse to carry a knife in Suffolk. Knife crime can have devastating consequences and if you are found illegally in possession of a knife you will be arrested, put before the court and brought to justice.
>
> "Knives do not keep you safe – quite the opposite. By carrying a knife you are putting yourself in much greater danger, being more likely to become involved in a violent situation and get injured yourself.
>
> "This week of activity is part of our ongoing commitment to disrupt criminal gangs and take as many knives and weapons off our streets as possible.
>
> "There are a number of knife amnesty bins across the county in place across the county and I would encourage people to use them and help us to keep Suffolk safe.”
>
> Knife amnesty bins can be found outside Ipswich Fire Station and at police stations in Lowestoft, Bury St Edmunds, Mildenhall and Sudbury.

Anyone with information on knife crime in their local community is asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** , or pass information to Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111**. In an emergency, always dial 999.

For more information and advice about knife crime on our website, click here.
