```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-31T15:12:30+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-11T21:01:58+00:00'
og:
  description: Two further people have been arrested in connection with an incident at Cardinal Park in Ipswich earlier this month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-sign.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Cardinal Park incident"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-31T15:12:30+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-cardinal-park-incident
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Cardinal Park incident | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/11-12-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-cardinal-park-incident
```

Two further people have been arrested in connection with an incident at Cardinal Park in Ipswich earlier this month.

Officers were called to the area just after 5.30pm on Tuesday 11 December to reports that a man had been attacked in the car park.

The victim was assaulted by two men and taken to hospital for treatment having suffered superficial lacerations to the head. He was discharged later the same night.

Following initial police enquires into the incident, it would appear that a man and a woman entered Nando’s restaurant, where the man then encountered two other men who were known to him.

A verbal disagreement is then reported to have taken place and the man and the woman left the restaurant before the attack took place outside. During the course of the incident a substance believed to have been a pepper spray (or similar) was also discharged.

Two men who were wanted by Suffolk Constabulary in connection with this incident were detained by officers from Sussex Police at Gatwick Airport yesterday afternoon, Sunday 30 December.

The men, who are aged 26 and 25 and are both from Colchester, were arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm and transported back to Suffolk where they remain in custody for questioning.

A 26-year-old man from Sudbury and a 28-year-old woman from Colchester, who were previously arrested on suspicion of affray on the day of the incident, remain under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 71640/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 12 December 2018

Two people have been arrested following an incident at Cardinal Park in Ipswich.

Officers were called to the area just after 5.30pm yesterday, Tuesday 11 December, to reports that a man had been attacked in the car park.

The victim was assaulted by two men and taken to hospital for treatment. His injuries are described as superficial lacerations to the head and he has since been discharged.

Following initial police enquires into the incident, it would appear that a man and a woman entered Nando’s restaurant where the man encountered two other men who were known to him.

A verbal disagreement is then reported to have taken place and the man and the woman left the restaurant, before the attack took place outside. During the course of the incident a pepper spray was also discharged.

A 26-year-old man from Sudbury and a 28-year-old woman from Colchester, were both arrested on suspicion of affray following this incident and taken into police custody for questioning. They have now both been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Detective Inspector Dan Connick, of South CID, said: “Whilst I recognise this would have been a distressing incident for those who witnessed it and may have affected people in the immediate vicinity, I would like to reassure members of the public that we believe this was an isolated altercation between people known to each other and not connected to any other incidents in the town.

“I would like to thank the witnesses who spoke with our officers last night and assisted with our enquires. The investigation is ongoing and we working to locate all parties involved.”

Any witnesses who have not already spoken to police officers are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 71640/18.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 11 December 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses after a man sustained injuries following an attack in Ipswich today, Tuesday 11 December.

Police were called just after 5.30pm to reports that a man had been attacked in Cardinal Park.

The victim was attacked by two men. His injuries, including stab wounds to his head, are not considered life-threatening. He was taken to hospital by ambulance.

The men are described as both wearing green tracksuits.

Detective Sergeant Mark Hughes said: “This would appear to be a targeted attack of the victim and there is no obvious increased risk to the wider public.”

Any witnesses to the incident, anybody with information or persons who were in the area with Dash Cameras are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 309 of 11 December.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
