```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-25T10:52:42+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-23T19:24:04+00:00'
og:
  description: A man arrested in connection with an incident in Haverhill has been released under investigation.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Haverhill \u2013 Man released under investigation"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-25T10:52:42+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-01-2019/haverhill-%E2%80%93-man-released-under-investigation
title: "Haverhill \u2013 Man released under investigation | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-01-2019/haverhill-%E2%80%93-man-released-under-investigation
```

A man arrested in connection with an incident in Haverhill has been released under investigation.

The incident took place in the garages area of Cambridge Close, sometime between 8.15am and 8.45am on Wednesday 23 January. Officers received reports of a man behaving suspiciously near a black car.

Officers attended and arrested a man on Wednesday afternoon. He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and he has subsequently been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Witnesses who may have seen anything or anybody acting suspiciously in the area at the time are asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting reference 37/4375/19.

Alternatively, call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 24 January 2019

Police are re-appealing for witnesses or information following a reported incident in Haverhill yesterday morning.

The incident took place in the garages area of Cambridge Close, sometime between 8.15am and 8.45am on Wednesday 23 January. Officers received reports of a man behaving suspiciously near a black car.

Officers attended and arrested a man yesterday afternoon in connection with the incident who is assisting Police in their enquiries. He has been brought to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre to be questioned by detectives. He remains in custody at this time.

Witnesses who may have seen anything or anybody acting suspiciously in the area at the time are asked to contact Suffolk police on 101 quoting reference 37/4375/19. Alternatively, call the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 23 January

Police are appealing for information after reports of an incident in Haverhill this morning, Wednesday 23 January.

The reported incident took place in the area of Cambridge Close, sometime between 8.15am and 8.45am.

Police are appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious, specifically if this was in the area close to garages at the end of Cambridge Close around this time, to come forward.

Anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area should contact Suffolk police on 101.

A man has been arrested in relation to the incident.

There is not believed to be any wider threat to the community.
