```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-10-05T12:07:38+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-04T15:55:22+01:00'
og:
  description: Police in Ipswich investigating a firearms incident in Grove Lane earlier this week, have carried-out a warrant at an address in the town centre.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/uniform.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Arrest made in connection with firearms incident - Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-10-05T12:07:38+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-10-2017/grove-lane-firearms-incident-update
title: Arrest made in connection with firearms incident - Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/04-10-2017/grove-lane-firearms-incident-update
```

Police in Ipswich investigating a firearms incident in Grove Lane earlier this week, have carried-out a warrant at an address in the town centre.

Officers, including armed police & dog units, conducted the pre-planned operation in Fore Street at around 6.30am this morning, Thursday 5 October.

As a result of this, a 21-year-old man from Ipswich has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary; possession of a firearm with intent; and assault. He has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

This is in connection with an incident which occurred at around 4.55pm on Tuesday 3 October in Grove Lane, where five males entered a property - two of them brandishing guns - and threatened the three occupants.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for witnesses to the incident in Grove Lane on Tuesday. Anyone with information is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House in Ipswich quoting reference 64831/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 4 October 2017

Police were called at 4.55pm on Tuesday 3 October, to reports that five men had entered a property in Grove Lane, two of them brandishing guns. The three occupants (two female & one male) were threatened before one of them was assaulted, sustaining minor injuries. The suspects then left the building.

Officers, including armed units and supported by an National Police Air Service helicopter, attended the address and conducted a search of the area for the offenders.

At around 6.20pm officers arrested a 16-year-old boy on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear. He has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning. A part of Grove Lane was closed whilst the incident was ongoing but has now reopened.

Detectives currently believe that this was a targeted incident, but are appealing for any witnesses, or anyone with information, to contact South CID in Ipswich on 101 quoting reference CAD 307 of 3 October.

## Previous release | 5 October 2017

A teenage boy arrested in connection with a firearms incident in Ipswich has been released from custody.

Police were called at 4.55pm on Tuesday, 3 October, to reports that five men had entered a property in Grove Lane, two of them brandishing guns. The three occupants (two female and one male) were threatened before one of them was assaulted, sustaining minor injuries. The suspects were then said to have left the building.

Officers conducted a search of the area for the offenders, supported by an National Police Air Service helicopter, and a 16-year-old boy was arrested at around 6:20pm on suspicion of possession of a firearm with intent to cause fear. He has now been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Whilst detectives believe this was a targeted incident, witnesses or anyone with information, is urged to contact South CID in Ipswich on **101** quoting reference CAD 307 of 3 October.
