```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-26T14:57:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-16T17:13:16+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed for a total of more than 17 years following an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles in September 2016.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/aaronknightskerronturner.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Robbers jailed for total of 17 years - Beccles
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-26T14:57:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/armed-robbery-beccles
title: Robbers jailed for total of 17 years - Beccles | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/armed-robbery-beccles
```

Two men have been jailed for a total of more than 17 years following an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles in September 2016.

Today, Friday 26 May, Kerron Turner, 26, formerly of York Road in Great Yarmouth and The Greenway in Beccles and Aaron Knights, 25, of no fixed abode, also formerly of York Road in Great Yarmouth, appeared at Ipswich Crown Court for sentencing. Turner was jailed for 10 years and 10 months and Knights for six years six months.

Turner was found guilty of robbery and possession of a firearm with intent on Monday 20 March following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court. Knights had previously pleaded guilty to both offences; robbery and possession of an imitation firearm - a sawn off replica shotgun.

Police had been called around 4pm on Friday 16 September to reports of an armed robbery at the jewellers on New Market in Beccles. Several men had entered the business and two threatened the owner with a shotgun and a serrated knife while trays containing thousands of pounds worth of jewellery were gathered up from the displays. The offenders then fled on foot.

Officers began extensive enquiries and found a Ford Puma car had entered the Hungate car park minutes before the offence and had then made off quickly afterwards. CCTV images of the vehicle were released in a bid to trace it and it was subsequently recovered by officers.

Media appeals led to potential witnesses coming forward, CCTV from premises nearby was gathered and officers carried out considerable background work.

Within days police made a number of arrests in connection with the incident and more were to follow including Turner, arrested on November 1, and Knights, who was arrested on November 10 after the officer in the case headed to Cambridgeshire to find him.

A DNA hit on Turner from an item – a makeshift black material snood – seized from the Puma when it was located by police proved significant.

Turner was charged and first appeared before Norwich Magistrates on November 2, while Knights was charged and appeared before Norwich Magistrates on November 12.

Turner also pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods following a burglary at premises in Halesworth in September 2016 where a Land Rover and two Range Rovers, totalling over £200,000, were stolen.

> **Officer in the case DC Matthew Rogers said;** “CID officers completed a large number of enquiries to trace those involved in the armed robbery. We were aware of the impact the crime had and were determined to see those behind the incident put before the courts. Knights was wanted for questioning in connection with the incident and we managed to track him down to St Ives in Cambridgeshire where, after a foot chase, we successfully arrested him.
>
> “Turner decided to plead not guilty to the robbery and firearms offences, however he was found guilty by a jury and now faces a considerable term of imprisonment.”

> **Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland who led the investigation into the incident said;**
>
> “This was a frightening incident for the victim who was working at the jewellers at the time of the attack. He has shown great courage throughout and we’d like to thank him and other members of the public who got in touch to pass on information following the incident for their assistance.
>
> “This was a complex investigation, with a number of arrests made and extensive enquiries carried out to gather sufficient evidence to prosecute, and I’d also like to thank the officers involved for their hard work which saw Knights admit his involvement and Turner convicted by a jury.
>
> “We’re pleased they have now been jailed. Incidents of this nature remain comparatively rare in Suffolk and this sends a strong message to those who commit such offences that you will be caught and will face a substantial prison sentence.”

## Previous release - Appeal

Police are appealing for witnesses following an armed robbery in Beccles.

Officers were called at 4pm today, Friday 16 September to reports of an armed robbery at a jewellery business on New Market in Beccles.

It is reported that four men entered the business and threatened the owner before stealing a number of items. It is understood that the suspects then fled the scene on foot in the direction of Ballygate.

It is believed that the suspects had a shotgun and a knife. Nobody has been injured during this incident.

Inquiries are continuing and there is currently a cordon in place.

Witnesses or anybody who saw anything suspicious are asked to contact Lowestoft CID on **101** quoting CAD 277 of today. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release - Man arrested

A 19-year-old man from Gorleston has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles on Friday.

The man handed himself in to police at Lowestoft this morning, Tuesday 20 September, following warrants at addresses in the Great Yarmouth area yesterday, and was arrested on suspicion of robbery.

He has been taken into custody where he will be interviewed in connection with the incident at premises in New Market in Beccles around 4pm on Friday, 16 September.

Police are continuing enquiries to trace those involved in the robbery and are asking anyone with information to call Lowestoft CID on 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously by dialling 0800 555 111 or through their online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org .

## Previous release - Further arrests

Two more men have been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles on Friday.

A 19-year-old man from Gorleston was arrested yesterday morning, Tuesday 20 September, after he handed himself in at Lowestoft Police Station. Two other men – another 19-year-old from Gorleston and a 26-year-old from the Great Yarmouth area - were arrested by officers later yesterday.

All three men have been detained on suspicion of robbery and are currently in custody where they are being interviewed in connection with the incident at the jewellers in New Market in Beccles around 4pm on Friday, 16 September.

Police are continuing enquiries are asking anyone with information to call Lowestoft CID on 101.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, by dialling 0800 555 111.

## Previous release - Fourth arrest

A fourth man has been arrested following an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles on Friday.

Three others arrested on Tuesday, 20 September, in connection with the incident at the jewellers in New Market in Beccles around 4pm on Friday, 16 September – two 19-year-old men from Gorleston and a 26-year-old from the Great Yarmouth area - have now been bailed to return to police on November 9, to allow further enquiries to be carried out.

The fourth man – a 21-year-old – was detained earlier today in Great Yarmouth and has been taken into custody where he will be interviewed.

Police have also arrested a fifth person – a 21-year-old woman – on suspicion of assisting an offender. She too has been bailed to return to police on November 9.

Detectives are continuing enquiries are asking anyone with information to call Lowestoft CID on **101**.

Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, by dialling **0800 555 111**.

## Previous Release | 23/09/2016

Police investigating following an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles last Friday are releasing CCTV images of a car officers would like to locate.

Detectives investigating the robbery, at the jewellers in New Market in Beccles around 4pm on Friday 16 September, have made several arrests in connection with the incident and enquiries are continuing.

As part of this officers are appealing for any sightings of a purple/ blue coloured Ford Puma car – registration T87 ALO – that was seen in the Hungate car park around 4pm on Friday.

Detective Inspector Simon Bridgland, of Waveney CID, who is leading the investigation, said; “We would like to speak to anyone who may have seen this distinctive Ford Puma in the Beccles area on Friday afternoon – particularly anyone who may have seen it in the Hungate area, anywhere else in Beccles town centre, or in the Mutford area. You may have also seen it being driven around – if you did we would like to hear from you.

“We are working to locate the car and would also like to hear from anyone who may know where it is now. We believe it may still be in the Beccles, Lowestoft, Gorleston or Great Yarmouth area and, as it is a distinctive vehicle, we hope someone may be able to help by telling us where it is now.”

Anyone who may be able to help is asked to contact Lowestoft CID by dialling Suffolk Police on **101**.

Four men arrested on suspicion of robbery in connection with this incident – two 19-year-olds, a 21-year-old and a 26-year-old – and a 21-year-old year woman arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender have all now been bailed to return to police on November 9 or 10, while further enquiries are carried out.

## Previous Release | 02/11/2016

A 25-year-old man has been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles.

The incident occurred at around 4pm on Friday 16 September at the premises in New Market.

Kerron Turner, of York Road, Great Yarmouth, was arrested by police yesterday and has subsequently been charged with robbery.

Turner has also been charged with burglary, relating to an incident at a car dealership in Halesworth where three Range Rovers were stolen. This occurred overnight between 9pm on Tuesday 27 September and 6.45am on Wednesday 28 September.

He was remanded in police custody overnight and will appear before Norwich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Wednesday 2 November.

## Previous release | 11 November 2016

A 24-year-old man has been arrested and charged in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellers in Beccles.

The incident occurred at around 4pm on Friday 16 September at the premises in New Market.

Suffolk officers went to Cambridgeshire yesterday, Thursday 10 November, and arrested the 24-year-old in St Ives in connection with the incident. He was taken into custody at Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre where he was interviewed by detectives.

Aaron Knights, 24, formerly of York Road in Great Yarmouth, has now been charged with robbery and possession of an imitation firearm whilst committing a robbery. He was also charged with possession of cannabis.

He has been detained in custody and is now due to appear before magistrates in Norwich tomorrow morning, Saturday 12 November.

A number of people have also been arrested in connection with the incident:

Kerron Turner, 25, of York Road, Great Yarmouth, has been charged in connection with robbery and is currently in custody and is due to appear at Norwich Crown Court on November 30. He has also been charged with burglary, relating to an incident at a car dealership in Halesworth where three Range Rovers were stolen. This occurred overnight between 9pm on Tuesday 27 September and 6.45am on Wednesday 28 September.

A 20-year-old man (who was 19 when he was arrested) and a 19-year-old man, both from Gorleston remain on bail. They are due to return to police on December 19.

A 21-year-old woman, who was initially arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender, has been cautioned for obstructing/ resisting police in the execution of their duty.

A 26-year-old man arrested in connection with the incident has now had his bail cancelled and he faces no further action.
