```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-08T15:43:18+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-01-26T09:18:24+00:00'
og:
  description: The cyclist who died following a fatal road traffic collision in the outskirts of Newmarket is being named by police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_roads_2015-119.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Victim of fatal Newmarket collision named
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-08T15:43:18+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-collision-newmarket
title: Victim of fatal Newmarket collision named | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/serious-collision-newmarket
```

The cyclist who died following a fatal road traffic collision in the outskirts of Newmarket is being named by police.

Officers were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.45am on Thursday 26 January, to reports of a collision between a DAF lorry and a bicycle on the A142 Fordham Road.

Radoslaw Cisak, aged 25 and of Nimbus Way, Newmarket, suffered a serious head injury and was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment.

Police were informed on Saturday 28 January that he had sadly died from his injuries in hospital.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or who saw either the lorry or bicycle immediately prior to it, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting reference CAD 44 of 26 January.

## Previous release | 26/01/2017

Emergency services are currently at the scene of a serious road traffic collision in Newmarket.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.45am this morning, Thursday 26 January, to reports of a collision between a lorry and a bicycle, on the A142 Fordham Road.

The cyclist has suffered a serious head injury and been taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment.

The A142 is closed to the north of the Newmarket, between Windmill Hill and the junction with Snailwell Road and Landwade Road, known locally as ‘Turners roundabout’.

This is causing delays back to the A14 and motorists are advised to avoid the area if possible.

Any witnesses are asked to contact Suffolk Police on **101** quoting reference CAD 44 of 26 January.

## Previous release | 30/01/2017

A cyclist has died following a serious road traffic collision on the outskirts of Newmarket.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service at 6.45am on Thursday 26 January, to reports of a collision between a DAF lorry and a bicycle on the A142 Fordham Road.

The cyclist – a 25-year-old man - suffered a serious head injury and was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital for treatment, but has subsequently died.

Anyone who witnessed the collision, or who saw either the lorry or bicycle immediately prior to it, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting reference CAD 44 of 26 January.
