```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-08T09:09:58+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-03-30T15:49:42+01:00'
og:
  description: "A dedicated team of police officers tackling violence and related anti-social behaviour (ASB) in Ipswich \u2013 often involving young people - have made over 100 arrests in 12 weeks, with the operation now set to continue until the end of August."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Over 100 arrests made by Operation Woven officers
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-08T09:09:58+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/further-arrests-made-police-continue-tackle-recent-criminality-and-asb-ipswich
title: Over 100 arrests made by Operation Woven officers | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/further-arrests-made-police-continue-tackle-recent-criminality-and-asb-ipswich
```

A dedicated team of police officers tackling violence and related anti-social behaviour (ASB) in Ipswich – often involving young people - have made over 100 arrests in 12 weeks, with the operation now set to continue until the end of August.

Operation Woven was launched in March with the aim to deter and disrupt crime and ASB that is connected to groups of individuals known to each other, much of which is drug related.

The team were first deployed on Monday 13 March and since then they have made 105 arrests. The majority of these have been in connection with drug dealing and have resulted in around a quarter of the individuals being charged to date, with many more released under investigation as enquiries continue.

Large quantities of drugs and cash, along with other drugs paraphernalia and also weapons, have been seized as a result of the various warrants and searches that have been executed. A number of properties linked to drug dealing and ASB have also been subject to closure orders and individuals have also been given Criminal Behaviour Orders to help reduce offending.

Ipswich’s policing commander, Superintendent Kerry Cutler, said: “I am extremely proud of the progress of Operation Woven and the impact the team have made in tackling violence and ASB in Ipswich. The officers are exceptionally dedicated, often working extended shifts or coming in on rest days to process the arrests they have made as they want to make a difference.

“This operation was only initially intended to be in place for six weeks, but due to its overwhelming success and the support of our partners we have extended this to six months, so it will now run until the end of August.

“Although the dedicated Operation Woven team quite rightly take the plaudits for this work, they have been supported by colleagues from across Suffolk Police and our partner organisations. This has included our Response and Safer Neighbourhood Teams, the Drugs and Scorpion Teams, intelligence officers and custody staff to name but a few. This truly has been a team effort.

“Operation Woven is achieving real results, as demonstrated by a significant number of those arrested being charged and put before the courts already and many more still under investigation. Large quantities of drugs have been seized and therefore prevented from being dealt on the streets of Ipswich, helping to make our neighbourhoods safer places for everyone.

“Whilst we remain focused on the enforcement angle of this operation, this is a multi-agency effort and we are committed to working with our partners to seek ways to divert young people from becoming involved in criminality.

“These agencies include Ipswich Borough Council, Suffolk County Council and Youth Offending Service; along with other rehabilitation organisations such as Catch 22, The Recovery Hub, Turning Point and St Giles Trust, and we will continue to work together to help prevent people from taking the wrong path in life and becoming involved in criminality.

“Drugs are a cancer that can lead to addiction, debt and violence which many people struggle to break free from, and only through education and the chance of better opportunities can we hope to prevent people from falling into this lifestyle.”

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, to report any suspicious activity.

Below are details of some of the arrests made by the Operation Woven team over the past two weeks:

On Monday 22 May police attended an address in London Road where they seized over 100 wraps of Class A drugs and a large quantity of cash, along with other drugs paraphernalia.

Two men were subsequently arrested following this discovery and their details are as follows:

 * Mitchell Haslett, aged 21, of London Road, Ipswich. He was charged with possession of heroin with intent to supply; possession of crack cocaine; and possession of criminal property, namely a quantity of cash
 * Shaun Jacobs, aged 36, of Black Horse Lane, Ipswich. He was charged with two counts of possession of a Class A drug (heroin and crack cocaine); and two counts of supplying a Class A drug (heroin and crack cocaine)

Both men have appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court where they were remanded in custody and committed to the crown court.

Later the same day officers conducting patrols in and around Clarkson Street witnessed a suspected drug deal. This resulted in officers forcing entry to a flat in Clarkson Street and seizing a large quantity of Class A drugs and other drugs paraphernalia.

Two men from Ipswich - aged 22 and 20 - were arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre (PIC) for questioning. They have both been released under investigation.

On Tuesday 23 May officers witnessed suspected drug dealing in the area of Gippeswyk Park. Two men from north London – aged 29 and 27 - were subsequently arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and a large amount of cash was seized. They were taken to Martlesham PIC for questioning and have been released under investigation.

Three people were arrested by the team on Wednesday 24 May, when after a suspected drug deal was witnessed in Foxhall Road, officers were led to an address in nearby Roper Court. Entry was forced to the property and a number of wraps of Class A drugs, a quantity of cash and several weapons were discovered inside.

Two people were subsequently charged with possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply and also possession of heroin with intent to supply, as follows: Armand Manzenza, aged 19, of New Road, Ilford; and Jon Hannon, aged 29, of Foxhall Road, Ipswich. They were remanded to appear before magistrates.

The third person – a 23-year-old man from Hackney in east London – who was arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, was released under investigation.

On Saturday 27 May, following reports of suspected cannabis dealing in Clarkson Street, officers located a flat in the same road where they discovered around 35 cannabis plants. A 39-year-old man from Ipswich was subsequently arrested on suspicion of cultivation of cannabis and was released under investigation following interview.

Finally, on Saturday 3 June, officers witnessed suspected drug dealing in the vicinity of Upper Orwell Street, resulting in entry being forced to an address in Blackfriars Court and three men being arrested.

They were all taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and two of these people were subsequently charged as follows:

 * Barney Hockley, aged 27, of Roman Way, Felixstowe. Charged with possession of heroin with intent to supply; and possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply.
 * Ashley Tunio, aged 24, of St John’s Road, Newham, in east London. Charged with being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine; being concerned in the supply of heroin; and possession of cannabis.

Hockley and Tunio were both remanded in police custody and were due to appear before magistrates on Monday 5 June. The third man arrested will face no further police action.

## Previous release | 21 March 2017

Police in Ipswich have launched a proactive and concerted approach to tackling recent criminal activity and associated anti-social behaviour (ASB) in the town.

The operation will look to deter and disrupt crime and ASB that is connected to groups of individuals known to each other and much of which is drug related.

The police activity will use a string of positive measures to address the issue such as intelligence-led arrests, search warrants and stop and search powers. The police will also build on their strongly established links with partner agencies who possess the necessary expertise in social inclusion and interacting with young people.

> **Head of policing in Ipswich, Superintendent Kerry Cutler, said:** “We won’t tolerate criminality or anti-social behaviour in the town. Our priority is to ensure we keep the town safe for everyone and ensure people go about their business safely and without intimidation.
>
> “Although making arrests will be an integral part of the operation, there is more to it than that. We’re really keen to divert young people away from a cycle of crime, violence and ASB and with that goal in mind we are working with a range of partner agencies including Ipswich Borough Council, the Youth Offending Service and Social Care Services. As a collective group we are determined to make a difference.
>
> “Our work also includes looking at improving information-sharing where appropriate between the relevant agencies, developing processes for referrals to other agencies where support can be accessed as well as using ASB legislation.
>
> “It really is a multi-faced approach that I’m confident will reap both short term and long term results for the people of Ipswich.”
>
> Superintendent Cutler also sought to reassure the local community that she understands peoples’ concerns about recent incidents involving violence, adding: “We have officers and staff working hard to make an impact. In addition, we are always keen to continue to work with and listen to our local residents who, quite rightly, express their concern to us about drug dealing in Ipswich.
>
> “If you are someone or know of someone who needs support to tackle substance misuse there are many agencies available such as Turning Point.
>
> “We also rely on the intelligence that members of the public give us. That information can help us remove drugs and violence from our communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the 101 number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”

Last week officers executed warrants and carried-out address checks across Ipswich, arresting eight people. All the suspects were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and their details are as follows:

 * Brandon Smith, aged 20, of All Saints Road, Ipswich. He was charged with two counts of possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply (crack cocaine and heroin); one count of possession of cannabis (all relating to offences in Ipswich on 11 November 2016); and one count of failing to answer police bail on 9 March 2017. He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on 14 March and was remanded in custody pending an appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on 28 March.

 * A 17-year-old boy from Ipswich, charged with possession of heroin with intent to supply; and possession of cannabis. He was remanded in custody to appear before magistrates on 14 March.

 * Tahim Chowdhury, aged 19, of Richmond Road, Ipswich. He has been charged with affray, relating to an incident of disorder in Nacton Road on 25 September 2016; a second count of affray, relating to an incident in Corton Road on 23 November 2016 where police officers were threatened; and breaching a Criminal Behaviour Order, relating to an incident in Lower Brook Street on 15 March. He appeared before magistrates on 14 March and again on 18 March, when he was remanded in custody pending an appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on 11 April.

 * A 15-year-old boy from Haringey in north London and a 17-year-old boy from Ipswich. They were both charged with robbery and possession of an offensive weapon, in connection with an incident on 28 February in Norwich Road, Ipswich, where a man had his watch stolen. Another 17-year-old boy from Ipswich was also arrested on suspicion of the same incident and interviewed, but he will face no further police action.
The 15-year-old boy was also charged with using threatening or abusive words or behaviour, likely to cause alarm or distress. This relates to the filming of a video in St Lawrence Street, Ipswich, at some time between 20 January and 3 February 2017, and then posted onto the internet.
The 17-year-old boy was also charged with possession of cannabis.Both boys were remanded in police custody to appear before magistrates on 15 March.

 * A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich was also arrested in connection with the filming of the above video in St Lawrence Street. He was interviewed by officers, but will face no further police action.

 * A 19-year-old man from Tower Hamlets in east London. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of Class A drugs with intent to supply; money laundering; and possession of Class A drugs. He has been released on bail until 4 May pending further enquiries.

Officers have also issued closure orders on two properties in the town: one for 48 hours on a property linked to drugs in the Hadleigh Road area; and the other for 24 hours to a property in the Norwich Road area in connection with anti-social behaviour.

A Section 34 Order was implemented in the area of Jubilee Park for 48 hours, between 1.30pm on Wednesday 15 March and 1.30pm on Friday 17 March. This gives police officers the power to direct people to leave an area to prevent anti-social behaviour or crime.

## Previous release | 30 March 2017

Police in Ipswich undertaking a proactive and concerted approach to tackling recent criminal activity and associated anti-social behaviour (ASB) in the town have made further arrests.

The aim of the operation is to deter and disrupt crime and ASB that is connected to groups of individuals known to each other, much of which is drug related.

> **Head of policing in Ipswich, Superintendent Kerry Cutler, said:** “We will continue to pursue, disrupt and arrest those people bringing criminality or anti-social behaviour to the streets of our town.
>
> “The actions of our officers are backing our strong words by continually gathering intelligence, getting into the areas these individuals or groups operate in and as a result we have made 18 arrests in the past two weeks alone and carried-out a number of searches of people and properties.”
>
> “Alongside this enforcement action, we are also working with our partner agencies to seek ways to divert young people from becoming involved in criminality and to help extract them from what can become a vicious cycle of drugs and violent crime, which in turn impacts on local communities.
>
> “We continue to act upon the intelligence that members of the public give us. That information can help us remove drugs and violence from our communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the 101 number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”

Last week officers continued with targeted patrols and carried-out numerous address checks and searches across Ipswich, making 10 arrests. This follows-on from the eight arrests made the previous week. All the suspects were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and their details are as follows:

 * A 42-year-old man from Ipswich. Arrested by officers acting on intelligence regarding potential drug-dealing in Rope Walk on 21 March. Following interview he will face no further police action.

 * A 19-year-old man and two 17-year-old boys – all from Ipswich. This relates to an incident on 21 March where officers out on patrol in the Norwich Road area became suspicious of a car which was then located in Ivry Street. The three were arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle, but will face no further police action following interview.

 * A 16-year-old boy and a 19-year-old man, both from Ipswich. They were arrested on suspicion of possession of Class B or C drugs with intent to supply; and money laundering; by officers on patrol in Yeoman Close on 22 March. The 19-year-old will face no further action following interview. The 16-year-old has been released on bail until 12 April pending further enquires.

 * A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich. He was arrested on 23 March on suspicion of robbery. This relates to an incident in Prospect Street on 4 February where a man was assaulted by four males who demanded he hand over his phone and wallet. He has been bailed until 25 April pending further enquiries.

 * A 17-year-old boy from Ipswich. He was arrested on 24 March in connection with a public order offence occurring in Hawthorn Drive on 22 March, where a group of three males are alleged to have threatened to other males. He has been charged with using threatening behaviour likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress in relation to this incident. He was also charged with possession of cannabis. He has been bailed to appear at Ipswich Youth Court on 20 April. He was subsequently arrested again for 26 March for breaching his bail conditions and charged as a result of this. He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on 27 March.

 * Rokib Ali, aged 21, of Hilton Road, Ipswich. He has been charged with possession of cannabis and has been bailed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on 18 April. This followed an incident on 26 March where officers out on patrol in Nacton Road had cause to follow a suspicious vehicle, which was then stopped on Bishops Hill and all five occupants were searched.

Officers also issued a closure order on a property in Granville Street for 48 hours which was linked to drug use.

A Section 34 Order was again implemented in the area of Jubilee Park for 48 hours between 5pm on Saturday 25 March and 5pm on Monday 27 March. This gives police officers the power to direct people to leave an area to prevent anti-social behaviour or crime. As a result of this three people were issued with directions to leave the area for 48 hours on 25 March.

## Previous release | 13 April 2017

Police in Ipswich undertaking a proactive and concerted approach to tackling recent criminal activity and associated anti-social behaviour (ASB) in the town have now made more than 40 arrests.

The operation was launched a month ago with the aim to deter and disrupt crime and ASB that is connected to groups of individuals known to each other, much of which is drug related.

A dedicated team of officers have been tasked to this operation and 41 arrests have been made so far. Officers have also executed warrants or searches at around 30 addresses; issued closure orders on six properties; completed over 20 stop/strip searches of individuals; and have several Criminal Behaviour Order applications awaiting court dates.

> **Head of policing in Ipswich, Superintendent Kerry Cutler, said:** “Our officers have worked extremely hard over the past month which is demonstrated by the number of arrests that have been made and warrants they have executed.
>
> “This work is intelligence-led and is getting results. The arrests have led to 11 people being charged to date – the majority of those in connection with drugs offences - whilst many others remain on police bail or under investigation, pending further enquiries.
>
> “Although we have a team of officers working solely on this operation, they are being assisted in this work by a number of other police colleagues and partner agencies. This includes our Drugs and Scorpion Teams; Ipswich Borough Council, Suffolk County Council and Youth Offending Service; along with other rehabilitation organisations such as Catch 22, The Recovery Hub, Turning Point and St Giles Trust.
>
> “Suffolk Police will continue to pursue, disrupt and arrest individuals or groups bringing criminality and anti-social behaviour to the streets of our town. However, through the multi-agency work we are committed to seeking ways to divert young people from becoming involved in criminality.
>
> “We want to prevent them from falling into the trappings of a life of crime, which if they are exposed to at a young age can become increasingly difficult to break free from. Only by all the responsible authorities working together can we hope to make a difference to their lives, which in turn will benefit local communities suffering the knock-on effects of crime.
>
> “Information and intelligence from members of the public remains crucial to helping us tackle the blight of drugs. If people don’t feel confident contacting us directly, then I would urge them to call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 to report any suspicious activity. Alternatively please do contact your local policing team on 101.”

> **In addition to the 18 arrests previously publicised, below is a summary of the 23 arrests made during the past two weeks:**
>
> * Two men from Ipswich – aged 26 and 24 – arrested in connection with the supply of controlled drugs following a warrant at an address in Shackleton Road on 30 March. They have both been bailed until 18 May.
> * Four teenage boys arrested on suspicion of possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply on 31 March, by officers on patrol in the town centre. The four – two from London aged 16 and 17; a 15-year-old from Buckinghamshire; and a 17-year-old from Ipswich – have all been bailed until 1 June.
> * Three people arrested in connection with Class A drugs offences by officers carrying-out checks at an address in Hadleigh Road on 1 April. All three – a 29-year-old man and 26-year-old woman from Ipswich, along with a 13-year-old boy from London – have been bailed until 15 May.
> * A 21-year-old man from Ipswich and 16-year-old boy from Great Yarmouth, arrested by officers in the town centre on 2 April in connection with the supply of Class A drugs. They have been bailed until 2 June.
> * Vytautas Kaybrys, aged 31, of Burns Road, Ipswich, arrested in Bramford Road on 3 April and subsequently charged with possession of an offensive weapon in a public place; driving whilst disqualified; failing to provide a specimen for analysis; driving without insurance; and obstructing the course of public justice. He has been bailed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on 2 May.
> * Three teenage boys from Ipswich – two aged 15 and the other 14 – arrested on suspicion of robbery following an incident in Jubilee Park on 9 April. They have been released under investigation pending further enquires.
> * Archimede Kintadi, aged 21 and of no fixed abode; and a 17-year-old boy from Watford; were arrested by officers conducting patrols in Christchurch Park on 10 April. Kintadi was subsequently charged with possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply; and the 17-year-old boy was charged with possession of heroin with intent to supply and possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply. They were both remanded in custody to appear before magistrates on 11 April.
> * Two men from Ipswich – aged 41 and 37 – arrested by officers in the vicinity of Bolton Lane on 11 April on suspicion of being concerned in the supply or Class A drugs. They have both been released under investigation.
> * Leroy Anckor, aged 23, of Old Foundry Road, Ipswich. Arrested by officers on 12 April and subsequently charged with four counts of assault by beating. He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Thursday 13 April.
> * Tyrone Clarke, aged 23, of Shackleton Square, Ipswich. He was arrested following the execution of a warrant at an address in Shackleton Square on 12 April and has subsequently been charged with possession of cocaine with intent to supply and possession of heroin with intent to supply. He was remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today. A 20-year-old man from Ipswich arrested in connection with the same warrant will face no further action following interview.
> * A 16-year-old boy from Ipswich arrested on suspicion of possessing Class A drugs with intent to supply by officers conducting address checks in the Chantry area. He has been bailed until 21 April.
>

Suffolk Police will continue to act upon intelligence provided by members of the public. That information can help us remove drugs and violence from our communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the 101 number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Previous release | 28 April 2017

Three men have appeared before magistrates this week charged with Class A drugs offences in Ipswich.

Police conducting patrols in the area of Orchard Street at around 4.30pm on Monday 24 April witnessed a suspected exchange of drugs between two people.

Shortly after this incident officers arrested 18-year-old Mitchell Brewer, of Norwich Road, Ipswich, in connection with the incident. He was subsequently charged with being concerned in the supply of heroin and also possession of an offensive weapon in a public place.

Following Brewer’s arrest, officers conducted a search of a flat in St Helens Street which resulted in the arrest of two men from south London, who were subsequently charged as follows:

 * Kevin Christian-Zekarius, aged 24, of Penrose Street, Southwark. He was charged with being concerned in the supply of heroin; possession of cannabis; and obstructing a constable in the exercise of his powers under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.
 * Conrad Atere-Roberts, aged 24, of Sketchley Gardens, Lewisham. He was charged with being concerned in the supply of heroin; and obstructing a constable in the exercise of his powers under Section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

All three men were remanded in custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday 26 April.

Mitchell Brewer pleaded guilty and was released on bail to be sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court on a date to be determined.

Kevin Christian-Zekarius and Conrad Atere-Roberts were remanded back into police custody until Thursday 4 May. This was as a result of an application to the court by officers under Section 152 of the Criminal Justice Act, due to suspicions that they may have concealed drugs inside their bodies and so to allow them to be recovered.

Christian-Zekarius was released from police custody yesterday, Thursday 27 April, and appeared before magistrates again, where he was remanded to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 25 May. Atere-Roberts remains in police custody.

## Previous release | 4 May 2017

Police in Ipswich tackling recent criminal activity in the town have made further arrests and seized a large quantity of drugs.

At around 12.30pm yesterday, Wednesday 3 May, officers on patrol in the area of Norwich Road near to the junction with Chevallier Street, witnessed a suspected drug deal taking place.

As a result of this, officers then had cause to attend an address in Mountbatten Court off Prospect Street, where at around 1.50pm they forced entry to the property under Section 17 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act.

Two men were subsequently arrested and the property was then searched, resulting in approximately 400 wraps of suspected Class A drugs being seized.

The suspects were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and were subsequently both charged with possession of crack cocaine with intent to supply. Their details are as follows:

 * Craig Akena, aged 20, of Moorey Close, Newham, in east London
 * Joshua Griffin, aged 26, of Springhurst Close, Ipswich

Both men were remanded in police custody to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Thursday 4 May.

## Previous release | 5 May 2017

Two men have been arrested in connection with Class A drugs and weapons offences in Ipswich.

Police tackling recent criminal activity in the town made the arrests at around 7.15pm yesterday evening, Thursday 4 May.

Officers out on patrol in the area of Belstead Road witnessed a suspected drug deal taking place in Heatherhayes. Officers subsequently arrested two men and discovered a significant quantity of drugs wraps following a search of the area. A knife and a spanner were also recovered.

The men were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre and their details are as follows:

 * A 19-year-old man from Newham in east London. Arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs and possession of a bladed article in a public place.
 * A 20-year-old man of no fixed abode. Arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of Class A drugs, possession of an offensive weapon, and possession of Class B drugs.

Both men currently remain in police custody for questioning.

## Previous release | 8 May 2017

Two men arrested in connection with Class A drugs and weapons offences in Ipswich have been charged, as police tackling recent criminal activity in the town have made further arrests.

Officers out on patrol in the area of Belstead Road at around 7.15pm on Thursday 4 May witnessed a suspected drug deal taking place in Heatherhayes. Officers subsequently arrested two men and discovered a significant quantity of drugs wraps following a search of the area. A knife and a spanner were also recovered.

The men were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and have been charged as follows:

 * Hamza Omar, aged 19 and of Romford Road, Newham, in east London. Charged with three offences: being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine; being concerned in the supply of heroin; and possession of a knife in a public place.
 * Harry Greensmith, aged 20 and of no fixed abode. Charged with four offences: being concerned in the supply of heroin; being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine; possession of an offensive weapon in a public place; and possession of cannabis.

Both men appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Saturday 6 May, where they were committed to Ipswich Crown Court for a next appearance on Monday 5 June.

The Operation Woven team made further arrests on Saturday 6 May. Officers out on patrol in the area of London Road, Clarkson Street and Benezet Street between 3.45pm and 4.30pm witnessed suspected drug dealing taking place.

Police subsequently arrested a 27-year-old woman in Clarkson Street and a 20-year-old man in Benezet Street. As a result of these arrests, officers then forced entry to a flat accessed via Clarkson Street under Section 32 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act, where they arrested two further people (a 25-year-old man from London and a 15-year-old girl from Stafford) and seized a quantity of cash and drugs.

The suspects were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning and have been charged as follows:

 * Kimberley Denny, aged 27, of Clarkson Street, Ipswich. She has been charged with being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine; being concerned in the supply of heroin; and possession of heroin.
 * Rashid Zadran, aged 20, of Mountbatten Court, Ipswich; Riphael Bempong, aged 25, of Varley Road, Newham, in east London; and a 15-year-old girl from Stafford (who cannot be named for legal reasons); all charged with being concerned in the supply of crack cocaine and being concerned in the supply of heroin.

All four were remanded in police custody and were due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Monday 8 May.
