```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:47:20+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-07T13:12:50+01:00'
og:
  description: A 37-year-old man from Felixstowe has been charged in respect of two incidents targeting elderly women in the town, along with a number of other offences.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-sign.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Felixstowe burglary update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-28T09:47:20+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/e-fit-issued-following-burglary-felixstowe
title: Felixstowe burglary update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/e-fit-issued-following-burglary-felixstowe
```

A 37-year-old man from Felixstowe has been charged in respect of two incidents targeting elderly women in the town, along with a number of other offences.

The most recent of these incidents occurred at around 1.30pm on Friday 9 September, in Valley Walk.

The victim had been shopping on her mobility scooter, travelling along High Road West and Garrison Lane, and was about to enter her home when she was approached by a man who snatched her handbag from her and then rode off on a bicycle.

This followed a burglary in Reynolds Court on Monday 29 August where a woman in her 90s was pushed over and three handbags were stolen.

Gavin Dighton, of no fixed abode, has been charged with robbery in connection with the incident in Valley Walk and burglary with violence in respect of the incident in Reynolds Court.

Dighton has also been charged with seven other offences (all occurring in 2016):

 * Possession of a Class A drug; following a search of an address in Felixstowe on 13 September
 * Theft; relating to a purse which was stolen in Gulpher Road, Felixstowe, on 12 September
 * Two counts of theft; relating to cash and a tablet computer stolen from an address in Felixstowe between 6 September and 9 September
 * Two counts of fraud by false representation; after a stolen bank card was used to make two cash withdrawals in Felixstowe on 12 September
 * Burglary; relating to a break-in at a charity shop in Hamilton Road, Felixstowe, on 29 July

He was detained in police custody and appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this morning, Thursday 15 September, where he was remanded in prison pending an appearance at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 13 October.

## Previous release - 07/09/2016

Police are releasing an E-fit of a man they want to trace following a burglary at a home in Felixstowe.

Around 4.30pm on Monday 29 August a woman in her 90s returned to her home in the Grange Farm Avenue area of Felixstowe, after being in the back garden of the property, when she became aware of a man behind her.

The man then pushed her over before stealing three handbags from the premises. One of them was black, made of plastic material with a patchwork effect, one was a black leather bag, and the third was a burgundy/ maroon colour. Bank cards were among the items inside.

The lady sustained bruising and was left very shaken by the incident.

Police need to trace the male, who is described as white with a tanned complexion, with a wide mouth with thin lips, of stocky build, possibly only around 5ft 3ins to 5ft 4ins tall, with short dark hair and wearing dark clothing.

Officers are asking anyone who may have been in the area around this time on Monday 29 or anyone who may recognise the man in the E-fit to come forward. Detectives would like to speak to anyone who may have information about the man involved. If you can help please contact south-east Suffolk CID officers by dialling Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 52483/16. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers, anonymously if required, on 0800 555 111.
