```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-06-03T14:19:52+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-05-28T15:29:20+01:00'
og:
  description: Two further teenage boys have been charged and a third has been served with summons following an incident in Ipswich town centre.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two further teenagers charged and a third served with summons following town centre incident
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-06-03T14:19:52+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2020/two-further-teenagers-charged-and-third-served-summons-following-town
title: Two further teenagers charged and a third served with summons following town centre incident | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-05-2020/two-further-teenagers-charged-and-third-served-summons-following-town
```

Two further teenage boys have been charged and a third has been served with summons following an incident in Ipswich town centre.

Officers were called shortly after 3.30pm on Sunday 22 March, following reports of an ongoing altercation involving a group of teenage boys with weapons near Primark in Westgate Street.

The victim – a 13-year-old (now aged 14) teenage boy – was taken to Ipswich Hospital by ambulance after he sustained a cut to his head.

Five teenagers, all now aged 14-year-old, were arrested a short time later and were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre, where they were questioned.

One of the boys was charged with affray and with threatening a person with an offensive weapon in a public place.

He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court last Thursday (28 May), and is next due to appear on 8 June.

Two of the other teenagers, who were initially arrested and released on bail, have both been charged with threatening a person with an offensive weapon in a public place and affray. They are both due to appear before Ipswich Youth Court on 11 June.

The fourth boy, who was initially released under investigation, has been served with summons to appear at Ipswich Youth Court, also on 11 June, when he will be charged with possession of a knife blade/pointed article in a public place and affray.

A fifth boy, who was arrested at the time, faces no further action.

## Previous release | 28 May 2020

A teenage boy has been charged following an incident in Ipswich town centre.

Officers were called shortly after 3.30pm on Sunday 22 March, following reports of an ongoing altercation involving a group of teenage boys with weapons near Primark in Westgate Street.

The victim – a 13-year-old (now aged 14) teenage boy – was taken to Ipswich Hospital by ambulance after he sustained a cut to his head.

Five teenagers, all now aged 14-year-old, were arrested a short time later and were taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where they were questioned.

One of the boys, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been charged with affray and with threatening a person with an offensive weapon in a public place.

He is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Thursday 28 May.

Two of the other teenagers, both arrested on suspicion of the same offences, remain on bail until 22 June and 23 June.

The fourth boy, arrested on suspicion of affray and for possession of a knife blade/ pointed article in a public place, was released under investigation and remains under investigation.

The fifth boy, who was arrested at the time, will now face no further action
