```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-09T14:21:23+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-09T14:20:48+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses after an attempted robbery in Newmarket.The incident took place between 11.15pm and 11.20pm on Wednesday 7 June, beginning on the pathway known as the Yellow Brick Road.The victim, a woman aged in her 20s, was walking along the path when another woman ran past her, before suddenly turning round and approaching her. The suspect then demanded that the victim gave her money or she would hurt her, and the victim then noticed that the offender was holding a small knife.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter3.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Attempted robbery - Newmarket
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-09T14:21:23+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/attempted-robbery-newmarket
title: Attempted robbery - Newmarket | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/attempted-robbery-newmarket
```

Police are appealing for witnesses after an attempted robbery in Newmarket.

The incident took place between 11.15pm and 11.20pm on Wednesday 7 June, beginning on the pathway known as the Yellow Brick Road.

The victim, a woman aged in her 20s, was walking along the path when another woman ran past her, before suddenly turning round and approaching her. The suspect then demanded that the victim gave her money or she would hurt her, and the victim then noticed that the offender was holding a small knife.

The victim said she did not have any cash on her and at this point another woman came along and stood next to the suspect, who said they would take her to a cashpoint and get her to take some money out.

The two women walked the victim back along the path towards Exeter Road and she then noticed two men standing by the entrance to the path. After they walked past them the two men then followed behind at a distance.

As they walked towards a cashpoint on Fred Archer Way, the victim managed to get away from the suspects, running across the road to a nearby business premises from where she was able to call the police. Officers arrived around ten minutes later and searched the area, but the suspects were not located.

The suspect who first threatened the victim is described as follows: white, aged in her mid 20s, around 5ft 2in tall, and of slim build. She was wearing a black hooded top, white t-shirt, light blue jeggings and white trainers. The only description of the other woman and the two men is that they were also white.

Any witnesses, or anyone with information about this incident, is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on **101** quoting reference 40175/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
