```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-12T10:07:37+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-23T12:27:53+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary recently announced the winners of this year\u2019s Christmas card competition on its social media accounts.Talented children from Piper\u2019s Vale Primary Academy, Ravenswood Community Primary School and Murrayfield Primary Academy were recently invited to design Chief Constable, Gareth Wilson\u2019s Christmas card this year.Once the entries were in, the chief shortlisted eight designs and then asked the public to vote for their favourites on the force\u2019s Facebook page and website."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/image-4.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Christmas card competition winners announced"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-12T10:07:37+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2018/suffolk-constabularys-christmas-card-competition-winners-announced
title: "Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s Christmas card competition winners announced | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/23-11-2018/suffolk-constabularys-christmas-card-competition-winners-announced
```

Suffolk Constabulary recently announced the winners of this year’s Christmas card competition on its social media accounts.

Talented children from Piper’s Vale Primary Academy, Ravenswood Community Primary School and Murrayfield Primary Academy were recently invited to design Chief Constable, Gareth Wilson’s Christmas card this year.

Once the entries were in, the chief shortlisted eight designs and then asked the public to vote for their favourites on the force’s Facebook page and website.

Hundreds of votes were counted and the force revealed that the images with the highest number of votes were designed by the following children from Ravenswood Community Primary School in Ipswich:

Design 4 - Drake, Year 1
Design 7 - Isabelle, Year 2
Design 6 - Elisabeth, Year 3
Design 8 - Maia-Rose, Year 5

The four winning designs are currently in the process of being printed and will be sent out to over 1,000 recipients.

As part of the competition, the children have also been invited in for a guided tour of Suffolk Constabulary’s headquarters in Martlesham Heath next year.

Mr Wilson said: “I would like to congratulate the winners on being selected to represent Suffolk Constabulary this year and it’s great that I’ll be able to spread some Christmas cheer throughout the county and beyond with their help.

“All of the children who took part are a credit to their schools and the community have been fantastic by taking the time to vote for their favourite images.”

Karen Mills, Headteacher at Ravenswood Community Primary School, said: “The children from Ravenswood Community Primary School enjoyed taking part in the Chief Constable's Christmas Card Competition and we are delighted that four of the children's designs were chosen this year.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “Well done to everyone involved in the competition and congratulations to the winners.

“Involving our young people in the work of the constabulary is very important and I’d like to thank the staff from all the schools involved for their support.”

Please find the four winning designs in the gallery below:

## Previous release | 26 November 2018

Talented children from three Ipswich primary schools were recently invited to design this year’s Suffolk Constabulary Christmas card and now the public are being given the chance to vote for the winning images.

Chief Constable Gareth Wilson invited pupils from Piper’s Vale Primary Academy, Ravenswood Community Primary School and Murrayfield Primary Academy to put their artistic skills to the test.

> Mr Wilson said: “I would like to thank all of the children who took part in this year’s competition. The level of talent was so high that I am giving the public the opportunity to help choose the winners.”

Starting today, Monday 26 November and running until Friday 30 November, the public will have the chance to vote by either heading over to the constabulary’s official Facebook page and clicking the ‘like’ button on their favourites or by voting in the poll on this page.

The four images with the highest number of ‘likes’ and votes will then be printed and sent out to over a 1,000 recipients. Mr Wilson added: As well as seeing their designs represent Suffolk Constabulary, the winners will also be invited in on a guided tour of our headquarters, which should be exciting for any young person; the chance to look inside and see exactly what goes on here.”

> Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: “This is such a lovely idea. I’d like to thank everyone who has submitted a design and say well done to the young people whose designs have been shortlisted.
>
> “Please take a look at the constabulary’s Facebook page and let us know which one you ‘like’ the best.”

### Design 1

### Design 2

### Design 3

### Design 4

### Design 5

### Design 6

### Design 7

### Design 8

###

## Gallery
