```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-01T15:30:33+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-01T15:25:55+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are urging residents to be vigilant of fraudsters claiming to be police officers following recent incidents in Lowestoft.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Scam &#039;police&#039; callers in Lowestoft
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-01T15:30:33+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/scam-police-callers-lowestoft
title: Scam 'police' callers in Lowestoft | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/scam-police-callers-lowestoft
```

Police are urging residents to be vigilant of fraudsters claiming to be police officers following recent incidents in Lowestoft.

In the first incident yesterday (Wed 30 Sept) police received a call at about 11.25am of a report from a member of the public saying he had just been called by a man. The male claimed to be from the police stating they had just detained the man’s carer who has all his bank details and asking him to confirm them over the phone. The male refused to comply.

A second incident in Lowestoft was also made yesterday afternoon stating police had arrested a male and has in his possession a large mount of money belonging to the resident. Following enquiries it was established the resident had not lost any money at all.

A third incident reported today (Thurs 1 October) had taken place on Tuesday 29 and Wednesday 30 September where an elderly female had had a call from someone stating he was a police officer and claimed he had her nephew in custody.

The caller asked her to go to her bank and with draw a large sum of cash which she did. The caller claimed this was to help catch gangs who are putting fake notes into circulation. She was told not to say anything to anyone. The victim was then informed that someone would attend her property. A male, dressed in black and red and in a red van arrived and picked up the four figure sum of money. The same process was repeated the following day with further money withdrawn from a bank and subsequently taken by the offender.

Anyone who has knowledge of who the offenders were or has also experienced similar suspicious activity should contact Suffolk police, quoting 37/57124/20

Genuine police officers or staff would never approach residents and ask for cash withdrawals to be made or for people to purchase items on their behalf.

Police would ask people with vulnerable relatives, friends or neighbours to make sure they are aware of this type of scam.

Officers have this advice:
•Never give out personal information about your bank account to anybody over the phone.
•If someone calls claiming to be apolice officer, ask for their photo identification, officer number andpolice force. If they phone, hang up and call 101 using a different phone.If you can’t use a different phone, wait at least five minutes beforecalling back. A genuine police officer will not mind waiting while youcheck.
•Police and banks will never askyou to give out personal details such as account numbers or PINnumbers.
•If you have given out informationwhich could compromise your bank account security in any way, call yourbank to cancel your cards as soon as possible.
•Never hand over money to someoneat the door to be sent off elsewhere.

Anyone with concerns about such calls should contact Suffolk Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 or 999 if a crime is in progress. Alternatively, contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.
