```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-01-11T08:52:09+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-01-10T15:45:00+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses following a number of burglaries and attempted burglaries\_ that have recently taken place at business premises on the High Street in Southwold.\_The details are as follows;\_\u2022\_The Black Olive Delicatessen. Sometime overnight between Saturday 6 January and Sunday 7 January, a window at the rear of the premises was smashed and suspect/s stole cash from within"
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Southwold - appeal following burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-01-11T08:52:09+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-01-2018/southwold-appeal-following-burglaries
title: Southwold - appeal following burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-01-2018/southwold-appeal-following-burglaries
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a number of burglaries and attempted burglaries that have recently taken place at business premises on the High Street in Southwold.

The details are as follows;

• The Black Olive Delicatessen. Sometime overnight between Saturday 6 January and Sunday 7 January, a window at the rear of the premises was smashed and suspect/s stole cash from within

• St Elizabeth Hospice. At some point between 4pm on Sunday 7 January and 8.25am on Monday 8 January entry was forced by smashing a rear window and cash was stolen from the premises

• Observatory the Opticians. Entry was forced to the rear of the premises sometime overnight between Sunday 7 January and Monday 8 January and cash was stolen

• Two Magpies Bakery. Sometime between 7pm on Sunday 7 January and 5am on Monday 8 January an attempt to force entry was made at the rear of the premises. Nothing was stolen

• Sue Ryder Care. Sometime between 4.30pm on Sunday 7 January and 4pm on Monday 8 January an attempt to force a door at the rear of the premises was made. Nothing was stolen.

Police are currently investigating possible links between the incidents.

Overnight patrols have been stepped up in the area and police are liaising with the town council and local businesses regarding crime prevention advice etc.

Anybody who saw anything suspicious at the relevant times or who has any information are asked to call Police on 101 quoting reference 1257/18 (Black Olive Delicatessen), 1404/18 (St Elizabeth Hospice), 1449/18 (Observatory the Opticians), 1406/18 (Two Magpies Bakery) or 1569/18 (Sue Ryder)
