```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-09T13:36:54+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-08T14:10:48+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police in Suffolk have arrested over 350 people in connection with the supply of class A drugs across the county during 2017.As well as the arrests over \xA370,000 and over 6,800 wraps of class A drugs have also been seized by officers across the county and 162 search warrants were also carried out.Under the banner of Velocity the force last year bought the three area operations of Volcanic (South), London (West) and Boulevard (East) under the one \u2018umbrella\u2019 to ensure an increase co-ordination of enforcement activity across the three areas."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Over 350 arrests in connection with drug activity
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-09T13:36:54+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-02-2018/over-350-arrests-connection-drug-activity
title: Over 350 arrests in connection with drug activity | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-02-2018/over-350-arrests-connection-drug-activity
```

Police in Suffolk have arrested over 350 people in connection with the supply of class A drugs across the county during 2017.

As well as the arrests over £70,000 and over 6,800 wraps of class A drugs have also been seized by officers across the county and 162 search warrants were also carried out.

Under the banner of Velocity the force last year bought the three area operations of Volcanic (South), London (West) and Boulevard (East) under the one ‘umbrella’ to ensure an increase co-ordination of enforcement activity across the three areas.

371 arrests were made with the vast majority in the South (Ipswich area) with 210 made, and 109 of these by the Urban Street Gang Unit. This is a team dedicated to tackling criminal activity and associated anti-social behaviour (ASB) connected to groups of individuals known to each other in the Ipswich area, much of which is drug related.

Another key strand of the on-going work is to identify those who are being exploited by their vulnerability, are taken advantage of and need help to escape the cycle of drugs through a multi-agency approach.

County Policing Commander Chief Supt Jen Eves said: "These arrests and seizures are all about us responding to offences linked to illegal drugs activity in the county. This is something we simply won’t tolerate.

"More long term work is underway with our partners to develop our response further, focusing on prevention and vulnerability. The enforcement that the police carry out is only one tactical option that deals with the immediate issues.”

"We will continue to pursue, disrupt and arrest those people bringing criminality or anti-social behaviour to the streets of Ipswich, as well as constantly gathering intelligence that members of the public provide and for which we are grateful for.

"This may be seeing suspicious vehicles or strange activity where you live. The police value what we are told and many of the arrests we make are as a result of information coming to us from the community to build a picture of activity.”

Ipswich Commander Supt Kerry Cutler said: "These figures clearly demonstrate that our officers and staff are working hard to make an impact. It is not just about enforcement – police and other partners need to educate and support those people who have found themselves in a vulnerable situation and want to make positive changes to their lives.

"We cannot tackle the issue of drugs in our communities alone. Drug addiction has a severe impact not only on the individual, but those closest to them, and the community as a whole.

"Policing alone will not solve the issue of drug addiction and we need to ensure everyone is playing their part to protect the community from drugs.

"Information can help us remove drugs and violence from our communities. If you know of suspicious activity taking place in your locality please let us know using the 101 number and we will respond, or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.”

Suffolk PCC Tim Passmore said: "I went out with the Urban Street Gang Unit back in August as an observer and was extremely impressed by the fantastic work that is being carried out by the Constabulary to combat the drug issue in our county.

"I was absolutely shocked to see three young boys, the youngest was aged about 14, stopped with Class A drugs in Ipswich in the middle of the afternoon. I find it extremely sad to see how vulnerable young people are being dragged into this dark and sinister world.

"I absolutely support the continued work of the Constabulary. I want to make it absolutely clear that we will work with local government partners and the voluntary sector to protect Suffolk from the destructive impact of drug related crime.”
