```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-31T15:08:59+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-29T14:59:59+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating an incident in Lowestoft in which a man was assaulted and then hit by a vehicle have released three men under investigation.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/suffolk-car-side.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013assault update"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-31T15:08:59+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-08-2018/lowestoft-%E2%80%93assault-update
title: "Lowestoft \u2013assault update | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/29-08-2018/lowestoft-%E2%80%93assault-update
```

Police investigating an incident in Lowestoft in which a man was assaulted and then hit by a vehicle have released three men under investigation.

Officers were called at 3.45pm on Tuesday 28 August to reports of a fight involving a number of men taking place on Kirkley Run, Lowestoft, near to the petrol station.

It was reported that one of the men was then hit by a black Nissan Navara 4x4 pick-up vehicle which left the scene and drove off in the direction of Long Road.

The victim, a man in his 30's was taken to hospital with what were thought to be serious injuries. However, the man has only sustained minor injuries and he has since been discharged.

A 32-year-old man from Lowestoft arrested on Wednesday 29 August, on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm has been released under investigation.

Later the same day, a second 32 year old man and a 36 year old man were also arrested in connection with the incident - they have also been released under investigation.

Officers are asking anyone who may have information about the incident – who may have seen the incident or have relevant dash cam footage – to call the Lowestoft CID on 101 quoting reference 49404/18.

## Previous release I 29 August 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses following an incident in Lowestoft in which a man was assaulted and then hit by a vehicle.

Officers were called at 3.45pm, yesterday Tuesday 28 August to reports of a fight involving a number of men taking place on Kirkley Run near to the petrol station.

It was reported that one of the men was then hit by a black Nissan Navara 4x4 pick-up vehicle which left the scene and drove off in the direction of Long Road. Police are working to trace the Nissan, registration number ROO 6EPK, and are keen to hear from anybody who saw it since yesterday afternoon or may know its whereabouts.

The victim, a man in his 30's was taken to hospital with what were thought to be serious injuries. However, the man has only sustained minor injuries and he has since been discharged.

A 32-year-old man from Lowestoft was been arrested earlier today, Wednesday 29 August, on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and has been taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre to be questioned by detectives.

Officers are asking anyone who may have information about the incident – who may have seen the incident or have relevant dash cam footage or may have details about the vehicle or driver– to call the Lowestoft CID on 101 quoting reference 49404/18.
