```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-18T11:54:36+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-10-24T15:01:37+01:00'
og:
  description: A 28-year-old man has been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with a robbery in Claydon.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man remanded in custody following Claydon robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-18T11:54:36+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-10-2017/man-remanded-custody-following-claydon-robbery
title: Man remanded in custody following Claydon robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/24-10-2017/man-remanded-custody-following-claydon-robbery
```

A 28-year-old man has been remanded in custody after being charged in connection with a robbery in Claydon.

The crime took place at approximately 3pm on Monday 23 October at an address in Morgan Court.

Two men were reported as having entered the property carrying knives and punched the occupant – a man aged in his 20s – knocking him to the floor. They then demanded money and any other items of value. The male victim sustained a fractured cheek and required stitches to his forearm.

A woman in her 30s was also threatened but was otherwise uninjured.

Barry Lawrence, of no fixed abode, was arrested in Felixstowe on Friday 15 December and has subsequently been charged with robbery.

He appeared before Ipswich Magistrates the following day and has been remanded in custody until his next court at Ipswich Crown Court on Monday 15 January 2018.

Officers have also arrested a second man in connection with the incident. A 19-year-old man from Felixstowe was arrested in the early hours of Friday morning and has been released under investigation pending further enquiries.

## Knifepoint robbery in Claydon - 24 October 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses after a knifepoint robbery in Claydon.

The incident occurred at around 5pm yesterday, Monday 23 October, at an address in Morgan Court.

Two men carrying knives are reported to have entered the property and punched the occupant – a man aged in his 20s – knocking him to the floor. They then demanded money and any other items of value.

At this point another person, a woman aged in her 30s, returned to the address and was threatened by one of the men and told to go into the bathroom, which she did. The male victim then tried to take hold of one of the suspects by the wrist and sustained a cut to his forearm during the struggle. The suspects then left the address.

The male victim was taken to hospital for treatment having sustained a fractured cheek and requiring stitches to his forearm.

The suspects are described as follows:

\- Suspect one; white, aged around 30, 5ft 10in tall and of medium build. He was wearing grey tracksuit bottoms, a white t-shirt and a tracksuit top. He spoke with a local accent.

\- Suspect two; white, aged between 20 and 30, around 6ft tall and of slim build. He was also wearing grey tracksuit bottoms and a hooded top with the hood up. He also spoke with a local accent.

Detectives are asking anyone who was in the area between 4.30pm and 5.15pm yesterday and who witnessed any suspicious activity to contact officers.

Anyone with information is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 69081/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
