```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-06T10:58:08+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-06T10:58:08+01:00'
og:
  description: "An operation to target criminals using Suffolk\u2019s roads has seen 36 vehicles stopped in Haverhill."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_roads_2015-119.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two arrests made in multi-agency operation in Haverhill
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-06T10:58:08+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-arrests-made-multi-agency-operation-haverhill
title: Two arrests made in multi-agency operation in Haverhill | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-arrests-made-multi-agency-operation-haverhill
```

An operation to target criminals using Suffolk’s roads has seen 36 vehicles stopped in Haverhill.

Yesterday (Wednesday 5 April) officers from the Scorpion Teams, the local Safer Neighbourhood Team, Specialist Operations including Suffolk and Norfolk Roads Policing and Firearms Operation Unit, Dog Unit, the Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub, Drugs Team teamed up with partner agencies Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency, HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) fuel testing and Suffolk Roadsafe. The checks took place at Meadows Car Park, Ehringshausen Way in the town

Two arrests were made after a total of 36 vehicles were escorted to the site for checks during the day.

The aim of the operation was to disrupt criminal activity, to catch those committing driving offences and to remove unsafe vehicles from the road, with fuel testing, drugs checks and vehicle examinations all being carried out.

Two men were arrested on suspicion of drug driving and taken to Bury St Edmunds PIC for questioning.

Among the other results of the operation:

11 vehicles were issued with immediate prohibitions by the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency for no insurance or licence offences

Three vehicles were imposed with delayed prohibitions – defects must be fixed as soon as possible

19 advisory notes were issued

Seven vehicles were seized (under S165) as the drivers had no insurance or for licence offences.

A total of 36 traffic offence reports were produced relating to various offences. Among these included driving with no insurance (eight), driving with no MOT (nine), driving with no licence (one), registration plate offences (three) and wearing no seatbelt (four).

Four for searches were carried out with two passive drugs dogs indications, resulting in two people searched.

HMRC dipped tested 25 vehicle tanks, with no offences found. Trading standards issued five advisory notices for consumer protection regulation offences.

> **Sergeant Julian Ditcham from Roads Policing and who led the operation said:** "These proactive days of action are a great example of multi-agency working where partner agencies come together with the aim of enforcement and education.
>
> "Our operation was intended to target individuals who use our county’s roads to commit crime and those who drive unsafe vehicles. We will continue to carry out further days of action to ensure criminal activity is kept to a minimum within the county. "
