```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-01T16:17:55+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-01T16:17:55+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are appealing for witnesses following a distraction burglary in Newmarket.Officers were called to an address in Portland Green following reports an elderly woman had received a call at the door from a man claiming to be from the water board just after 3pm yesterday, Thursday 30 November.The man advised the victim to turn the water off and while the woman was occupied, a quantity of jewellery was stolen.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Newmarket \u2013 Distraction burglary"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-01T16:17:55+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-12-2017/newmarket-%E2%80%93-distraction-burglary
title: "Newmarket \u2013 Distraction burglary | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-12-2017/newmarket-%E2%80%93-distraction-burglary
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a distraction burglary in Newmarket.

Officers were called to an address in Portland Green following reports an elderly woman had received a call at the door from a man claiming to be from the water board just after 3pm yesterday, Thursday 30 November.

The man advised the victim to turn the water off and while the woman was occupied, a quantity of jewellery was stolen.

The suspect is described as a white male, with an accent and sharp facial features. He was wearing navy overalls and a peak cap. A second suspect was seen outside also wearing a navy cap and clothing.

Police are keen to hear from anyone who may have been in the area and seen anything unusual that may be linked to what happened.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact Suffolk Police on 101 quoting CAD 236 of yesterday, Thursday 30 November.

Advice on how to deal with cold callers and how to keep yourself safe at home can also be found on the ‘advice’ pages on the Suffolk Police webpage http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

How to deal with Cold Callers

• Always ask for identification from any unexpected callers and do not to let anyone in if you are not comfortable with whom they are and verify their identity with the company they work for.

• Always use the chain and viewer on your door to see who is calling. Only open the door if you feel comfortable and always keep the chain on.

• Councils and utilities companies will generally contact householders by telephone or letter if they plan to carry out repairs rather than make unsolicited calls.

• If you have a back gate ensure that it is locked with a padlock. A slide bolt is not sufficient on its own.

• Ensure that your doors are kept locked when you are in the house.

• If you need carers or family to have access then consider fitting a key safe on the outside wall near to the front door.

• If anyone calls claiming to be from the utility companies such as water, gas, electricity or the council do not let them in. Unless they can quote to you on the doorstep your personal account number which is found on your bills. If you are at all suspicious then phone the police immediately.

Please report anything suspicious as soon as possible to police on 101.
