```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-01-30T15:23:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-29T13:59:41+00:00'
og:
  description: Police are renewing appeals for information following a robbery at a home in Kersey in November 2016.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-pub-dsc_0044_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Renewed appeal after robbery in Kersey
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-01-30T15:23:12+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-after-robbery-kersey
title: Renewed appeal after robbery in Kersey | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-arrested-after-robbery-kersey
```

Police are renewing appeals for information following a robbery at a home in Kersey in November 2016.

Officers were called just before 5.40pm on Monday 29 November to reports three people had entered the home and demanded money from the two occupants before tying them up. One of the victims, a man, was then assaulted by one of the suspects who punched him in the face and head. The offenders carried out a search of the property before fleeing with a quantity of cash.

The man sustained facial injuries which required medical treatment. The woman was uninjured but was very shaken by the incident.

To date, police have arrested two men in connection with the incident – a 36-year-old man from Hadleigh was arrested on December 3 and has now been bailed to return to police on March 8, while a 20-year-old man from Hadleigh was arrested on 15 December and has now been bailed to return to police on February 10.

However detectives are appealing for information and are continuing to ask anyone who may be able to assist to come forward.

Detective Sgt Sarah Elliott said; “This robbery has significantly affected the couple and we are continuing our investigation to identify and prosecute the three men responsible. We would be particularly keen to hear from anyone who may be able to provide any information about what happened and would urge anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area around the time or anyone who can assist to contact us as soon as possible.”

Anyone who can help is asked to call Ipswich CID by dialling Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting crime number reference 68735/16. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## 29 November 2016

Officers are appealing for witnesses following a robbery in Kersey yesterday.

Police were called just before 5.40pm, Monday 29 November to reports of a robbery at residential property in Kersey.

Three offenders entered the house demanding money from the two occupants before then tying the victims up. One of the victims, a man, was then assaulted by one of the suspects who punched him in the face and head. The victim has sustained facial injuries which required medical treatment. The woman was uninjured but was very shaken by the incident.

The offenders carried out a search of the property before fleeing with a sum of cash.

Officers attended the scene before 6pm and made a search of the area but no suspects were located.

The suspects are reported as being three white men, one described as being in his thirties, about 5 feet 10 inches tall, of heavy build, unshaven with blue eyes. He was wearing a dark hooded top , grey tracksuit bottoms and grey and yellow trainers.

The other two men are described as being in their mid thirties, around 6 feet – 6 feet 2 inches tall, of slender build with dark hair and dark eyes. They were described as wearing dark hooded tops and trousers.

Witnesses or anybody who saw anything suspicious at the time or who has any information are asked to call Police on **101** reference 68735/16. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## 30 November 2016

Officers have issued an E-fit likeness of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery in that took place in Kersey.

Police were called at 5.37pm, Monday 29 November to reports of a robbery at a residential property in Kersey.

Three offenders entered the house demanding money from the two occupants before then tying the victims up. One of the victims, a man, was then assaulted by one of the suspects who punched him in the face and head. The victim has sustained facial injuries which required medical treatment. The woman was uninjured but was very shaken by the incident.

The offenders carried out a search of the property before fleeing with a sum of cash.

Officers attended the scene before 6pm and made a search of the area but no suspects were located.

The suspects are reported as being three white men, one described as being in his thirties, about 5 feet 10 inches tall, of heavy build, unshaven with blue eyes. He was wearing a dark hooded top , grey tracksuit bottoms and grey and yellow trainers.

The other two men are described as being in their mid-thirties, around 6 feet – 6 feet 2 inches tall, of slender build with dark hair and dark eyes. They were described as wearing dark hooded tops and trousers.

Officers would like to speak to anyone who believes they may recognise the man from the E-fit image.

Witnesses or anybody who saw anything suspicious at the time are asked to call Police on **101** reference 68735/ 16. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 05/12/2016

A man has been arrested in connection with a robbery that took place in Kersey.

Police were called at just before 5.40pm, Monday 29 November to reports of a robbery at a residential property in Kersey.

Three offenders entered the house demanding money from the two occupants before then tying the victims up. One of the victims, a man, was then assaulted by one of the suspects who punched him in the face and head. The victim has sustained facial injuries which required medical treatment. The woman was uninjured but was very shaken by the incident.

The offenders carried out a search of the property before fleeing with a sum of cash. Officers attended the scene before 6pm and made a search of the area but no suspects were located.

Police arrested a 36 year man from Hadleigh on Saturday 3 December in connection with the incident. He was questioned by detectives and has now been released on bail. He is due to return to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre on 2 February 2017.

Witnesses or anybody who saw anything suspicious at the time are asked to call Police on **101** reference 68735/ 16. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on **0800 555 111** or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
