```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-01-21T14:48:11+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-25T16:47:32+01:00'
og:
  description: A 21-year-old man and a 42-year-old man from Mildenhall have been jailed after admitting three burglaries in the town.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/blue_lamp.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Mildenhall \u2013 Two men sentenced after burglaries"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-01-21T14:48:11+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2018/mildenhall-%E2%80%93-two-men-sentenced-after-burglaries
title: "Mildenhall \u2013 Two men sentenced after burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2018/mildenhall-%E2%80%93-two-men-sentenced-after-burglaries
```

A 21-year-old man and a 42-year-old man from Mildenhall have been jailed after admitting three burglaries in the town.

The incidents took place between 4am and 7am on Sunday 23 September.

The first burglary took place at around 4am in Melbourne Drive, where entry was gained to a house via an insecure garage door and the offender was disturbed by the occupants, before making off with a garden strimmer.

The other two incidents both occurred in Miles Hawk Way, one at 4.30am where a wallet was stolen, and the other at 7am. During the latter of these burglaries, two men were disturbed by the victim in their garage and they then ran off with some power tools.

The victim gave chase and caught up with one of the suspects and managed to take back some of their belongings.

Jason Parkinson, aged 21, of Bunbury Avenue, and Andre McCall, aged 42 of Campbell Close Mildenhall were arrested a short time later and subsequently charged with three burglary offences.

Between his arrest and his sentencing, Parkinson chose to work with officers from Suffolk Police’s Operation Converter team and went on to admit three further burglary offences, two thefts from vehicles and the theft of a pedal cycle. The offences all took place between August and September 2018.

Parkinson was due to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on 10 December for sentencing but failed to appear and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Parkinson handed himself into police the following day and was remanded to court. He appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on 16 January and was sentenced to two years imprisonment. McCall also appeared before Ipswich Crown Court on 16 January and was sentenced to 45 months imprisonment.

DC Duncan Etchells said, "House burglary is an intrusive crime that can have devastating effects on the victims. We are determined to continue to bring those who are responsible for this type of crime to justice. The message to burglars is simple; if we have information that you are burgling people’s homes, we will use all powers and tactics available to us to arrest you and ensure the Courts deal with you appropriately.

“Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. I am pleased to see that the courts have taken into account Jason Parkinson’s efforts to work with police regarding these offences before determining his sentence.”

## Previous release | 25 September 2018

Two men from Mildenhall have been charged in connection with three burglaries in the town.

The incidents took place between 4am and 7am on Sunday 23 September.

The first burglary took place at around 4am in Melbourne Drive, where entry was gained to a house via an insecure garage door and the offender was disturbed by the occupants, before making off with a garden strimmer.

The other two incidents both occurred in Miles Hawk Way, one at 4.30am where a wallet was stolen, and the other at 7am. During the latter of these burglaries, two men were disturbed by the victim in their garage and they then ran off with some power tools.

The victim gave chase and caught up with one of the suspects and managed to take back some of their belongings.

Jason Parkinson, aged 20, of Bunbury Avenue, was arrested by police investigating these incidents on Sunday 23 September. He was questioned and subsequently charged with three counts of burglary.

Parkinson appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court yesterday (24 September) where he pleaded guilty to the offences and was bailed for sentencing at Ipswich Crown Court on Wednesday 24 October.

Andre McCall, aged 42, of Campbell Close, was arrested in connection with the offences yesterday afternoon, and after questioning was also charged with three counts of burglary.

McCall appeared before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court earlier today, Tuesday 25 September. He did not enter a plea and was released on bail to appear before Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday 23 October.
