```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-28T12:18:48+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-28T12:11:42+00:00'
og:
  description: A 23 year old man has been jailed for eight years after being convicted of wounding with intent.Otis Rose of Fressingfield Road of Stradbroke in Eye pleaded guilty at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 20 December. He was also convicted of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/otisrose.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for eight years for Ipswich assault
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-28T12:18:48+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-12-2018/man-jailed-eight-years-ipswich-assault
title: Man jailed for eight years for Ipswich assault | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/28-12-2018/man-jailed-eight-years-ipswich-assault
```

A 23 year old man has been jailed for eight years after being convicted of wounding with intent.

Otis Rose of Fressingfield Road of Stradbroke in Eye pleaded guilty at Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday 20 December. He was also convicted of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place

It follows an incident in the car park of the Golden Hind public house on Nacton Road in Ipswich on Friday 19 October where a 31 year old male was struck over the head with a glass and sustained serious cuts to the face, neck and head.

The victim needed treatment at hospital for injuries to the left side of his neck and cuts to his right ear, as well as cuts to the top of his head and underneath his left eye.

During the incident Rose also sustained a cut to his left shoulder that needed treatment at hospital. During his stay at hospital Rose attempted to escape but was located a short while later close to the hospital. He was subsequently arrested for escaping from custody.

Rose was subsequently charged at Martlesham Police investigation Centre on Friday October 19 for unlawful and malicious wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. He was also charged and later convicted of unlawfully escaping from custody.

Detective Inspector Holly Evans said: "Rose’s actions left a man with nasty injuries that needed treatment. It is pleasing that he has been imprisoned for a substantial amount of time and reiterates that we are committed to carrying out a full and thorough investigation to ensure those responsible for serious attacks like this one are brought to justice."
