```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-07-03T16:15:57+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-07-03T16:15:57+01:00'
og:
  description: "Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Lowestoft.\_The incident occurred between 12pm on Saturday 30 June and 3.30am on Sunday 1 July at a house in Union Road.\_An unknown offender entered the property via an insecure gate and then climbed through an open ground floor window. It is believed that jewellery and electrical items were stolen.Anyone who witnessed any suspicious persons or who has any information about this crime is asked to contact Lowestoft CID on 101 quoting reference 36207/18."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/burglaryappeal.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Burglary appeal"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-07-03T16:15:57+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-07-2018/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-burglary-appeal
title: "Lowestoft \u2013 Burglary appeal | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-07-2018/lowestoft-%E2%80%93-burglary-appeal
```

Police are appealing for witnesses following a burglary in Lowestoft.

The incident occurred between 12pm on Saturday 30 June and 3.30am on Sunday 1 July at a house in Union Road.

An unknown offender entered the property via an insecure gate and then climbed through an open ground floor window. It is believed that jewellery and electrical items were stolen.

Anyone who witnessed any suspicious persons or who has any information about this crime is asked to contact Lowestoft CID on 101 quoting reference 36207/18.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

As the warm weather continues, Suffolk police offers the following safety advice to residents:

LOCK

• Lock all doors and remove the keys before leaving the house.
• Keep front doors locked even when you are at home and especially if you are in the back garden.
• Close all windows fully before you leave the house, lock downstairs windows and remove the keys.
• Use window limiters to allow air in instead of keeping windows fully open, even when you’re at home.
• Install window locks on upstairs windows that can be easily accessed by a flat roof.
• Lock back gates using a sturdy lock such as a closed shackle padlock to no less than CEN 3-4 security grade or 5 lever lock.

LIGHT

• Make your home look lived in – use timer switches if you’re not home.
• ‘Dusk-to-dawn’ sensored security lighting is a cheap, low cost way of making sure the front of your home or shed/outbuilding is well-lit.
• Visible burglar alarms can make burglars think twice; get specialist advice and consult your insurance company.
•You could also consider installing a Ring doorbell camera. For more information, visit https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/27-02-2018/suffolk-teams-smart-home-security-company-tackle-burglars.
• Hedging and shrubs to the front of your property should be pruned to no higher than 1m and trim trees up from the ground to 2m. This will allow a clear line of sight across your property and will stop the garden being used as a hiding place.

HIDE

• Keep your valuables, jewellery, cash, passport and deeds to your property in a safe.
• Never leave spare keys in an open place. Be aware, burglars know all the usual hiding places so never leave a spare key under the doormat or under a garden gnome.
• Keep dustbins and wheelie-bins away from fencing/gates as these can be used by thieves to climb into windows or used to escape.
• Make sure valuables are property marked. Take photographs and keep a note of any serial numbers.
• Don’t leave equipment and tools lying around that can be used by burglars to break into your home, such as hammers, shovels or gardening tools. Keep ladders locked away and out of sight.
