```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-05-12T09:40:24+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-05-11T17:11:08+01:00'
og:
  description: Three men have today, Thursday 11 May, been sentenced after pleading guilty to producing a 2,000 plant cannabis factory at an address in Occold.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/duggancarpenterdenton_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Three men plead guilty to producing 2,000 plant cannabis factory
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-05-12T09:40:24+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-men-plead-guilty-producing-2000-plant-cannabis-factory
title: Three men plead guilty to producing 2,000 plant cannabis factory | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/three-men-plead-guilty-producing-2000-plant-cannabis-factory
```

> **(Left to right; Steven Duggan, Lee Denton and Stephen Carpenter)**

Three men have today, Thursday 11 May, been sentenced after pleading guilty to producing a 2,000 plant cannabis factory at an address in Occold.

Stephen Carpenter, 50, of Holly Avenue, Stanmore, Middlesex; Steven Duggan, aged 44, of Lullingstone Crescent, Orpington, Kent; Lee Denton, aged 32, formerly of Westerham in Kent, all appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today.

Carpenter and Duggan both pleaded guilty to the production of cannabis and were sentenced to 34 months’ imprisonment.

Denton initially denied the offence but later changed his plea to guilty and was sentenced to 46 months’ imprisonment.

The men were arrested after officers from the Suffolk Drugs Team and proactive Scorpion teams, executed a warrant at a farm building in the village on 6 January 2016. More than 2,400 cannabis plants were found to be growing there in three rooms.

The plants and a considerable amount of growing equipment were seized. It was estimated that the cannabis found could have an estimated street value of £530,000 to £1,500,000.

> **Detective Inspector Andrew Smethurst said:** “Considerable effort had gone into the set-up of this factory, with three carefully constructed rooms that held large grows of cannabis at differing stages.
>
> “This was a significant amount of cannabis that we have halted before it made it to the streets, and I welcome the sentence imposed by the judge. We do not tolerate drug cultivation or supply within Suffolk and remain committed to tackling those responsible for such activity.”
