```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-22T14:45:02+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-06-18T14:58:54+01:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary\u2019s nine new Community Engagement Officers (CEO) are now in post and will be working hard to ensure they engage with communities, individuals and partners in their area.These dedicated officers will work closely with the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) to build engagement opportunities to keep communities better informed of what the force is doing, identify crime trends in their area and be responsible for organising some particular public meetings."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Community Engagement Officers begin work
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-22T14:45:02+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-engagement-officers-begin-work
title: Community Engagement Officers begin work | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/community-engagement-officers-begin-work
```

Suffolk Constabulary’s nine new Community Engagement Officers (CEO) are now in post and will be working hard to ensure they engage with communities, individuals and partners in their area.

These dedicated officers will work closely with the Safer Neighbourhood Teams (SNTs) to build engagement opportunities to keep communities better informed of what the force is doing, identify crime trends in their area and be responsible for organising some particular public meetings.

The CEOs will use a variety of engagement tools that will include face to face meetings and surgeries, but will also make increasing use of digital and social media. By using all of these methods they will ensure that relevant information is provided in a timely way.

Whilst the CEOs have been working to prepare for the launch, the nine officers will officially be in post from Monday 18 June. Each CEO will be using a dedicated Facebook account for their locality to ensure residents are aware of, and can take part in, events, campaigns, initiatives and meetings. They will also be looking at how they can support and develop volunteer schemes in their areas such as Community Speedwatch and Neighbourhood Watch.

Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Kearton said: "These new posts will form a key role in maintaining that all important public facing presence to all our communities. They will work with partners including schools, parish and district councils and the voluntary sector to provide timely information.”

"We recognise that there is a need for more visible policing. This enhanced level of community engagement will complement the work of the SNT officers and ensure that one person coordinates all issues in the locality and provides a public facing presence”.

"Our Constabulary digital presence has seen huge growth over recent years, so we need to be alive to the fact that many members of the public prefer to engage with us using social media rather than the more traditional methods.

"So, while the traditional methods will still be used, it is hoped that by giving the Community Engagement Officers access to social media platforms this will help enrich relationships with local residents.”

Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "I am very pleased to see the introduction of these Engagement Officers across the county. In my conversations with residents the one thing that comes up time and time again is communication with the Constabulary – these dedicated officers will help improve links with the communities we serve and I am sure the public will appreciate this.

"Policing has changed, so we will never go back to the ‘Dixon of Dock Green’ idyll of officers on every corner but I hope this new role, which will provide a named officer for local residents to contact, will go some way to providing the public facing policing that people want.”

The CEO is a uniformed operational role, operating from the nine existing locality bases with the officers’ working day and evening shifts.

The nine Community Engagement Officers are:

 **PC Helen Self - Mildenhall**

**PC Amy Yeldham - Lowestoft**

 **PC Stefan Henriksen – Stowmarket**

**PC Rachael Partridge - Ipswich East, Felixstowe & Woodbridge**

 **PC Hannah Creasey - Ipswich East, Felixstowe & Woodbridge**

 **PC Simon Green - Halesworth**

**PC Michael Small - Ipswich West & Hadleigh**

 **PC Sarah George - Ipswich West & Hadleigh**

 **PC Dominic Woodmansee - Ipswich Central**

 **

**

**PC Jon Gerrish – Sudbury & Haverhill**

Full details of the nine officers can be found here on the Suffolk Constabulary website:

http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/community-engagement-officers
