```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:50:11+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:50:11+01:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed after being found guilty of an armed robbery at a Melton convenience store two years ago.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/joshuataylor485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Melton robbery - men jailed
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-31T14:50:11+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/melton-robbery-men-jailed
title: Melton robbery - men jailed | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/melton-robbery-men-jailed
```

Two men have been jailed after being found guilty of an armed robbery at a Melton convenience store two years ago.

Joshua Taylor, 25, and Ryan Welton, 24, have been on trial at Ipswich Crown Court in connection with a robbery at McColl’s in The Street in Melton on Friday 8 August 2014.

Today, Friday 5 August, both have been found guilty by a jury. Taylor, of Isham Place in Ipswich, has been jailed for six years and Welton, of Elizabeth Way in Felixstowe, has been jailed for three years.

Police were contacted just after 8pm on Friday 8 August 2014 to reports a man had entered the shop carrying a wooden baseball bat and demanded staff hand over money. Cash totalling around £137 was then stolen from the till before the offender left the store and ran to a silver coloured Ford Focus car, which then drove off at speed towards Ufford.

Officers immediately began extensive enquiries to trace those involved, including house to house enquiries, CCTV collection, witness statement and media appeals, and, having been given a partial registration for the vehicle, began checks to find the Focus.

These initially proved unsuccessful, however the breakthrough came when a piece of information came to light about a vehicle seen in suspicious circumstances a few days earlier. On Monday 4 August 2014 an off-duty police officer had called in to report a silver Ford Focus seen parked in Martlesham Community Centre car park. Two men had been spotted acting suspiciously inside the vehicle and details were taken of the car. This vehicle came back as being linked to Welton and Taylor.

Police were interested as Taylor had a recent conviction for a previous offence which matched the Melton crime in a number of respects.

The two were originally arrested in August 2014 and work continued to gather sufficient evidence to prosecute.

A member of the public found a black bag discarded in a field under a hedge in Easton on September 15 and called police. The bag contained dark clothing, including a balaclava, a large carving knife and a baseball bat.

Further work was done around phones used by the pair and forensics. By March 2015 phone records had gone some way to undermining an alibi given by Welton that he had been babysitting at the time of the incident and there had been a DNA hit on the balaclava recovered from the bag found in September. However further work was still required to tie this evidence together and to the crime.

The pair were interviewed but continued to deny any knowledge of the robbery.

After completing further work a file was passed to the Crown Prosecution Service and both were charged with robbery.

DC Andrew Barker said; “This has been a complex investigation to disprove the accounts given by Taylor and Welton and to gather sufficient evidence to prosecute them. We are pleased that the jury saw through their story and have convicted them today.

“A statement from one of the women in the shop described how she was checking stock when she heard her colleague scream. She walked towards the till and saw the offender at the counter waving around a baseball bat and shouting at her colleague to open the till and repeatedly swearing at her.

“At the time there were three women in the store – two staff and a customer who walked in during the incident. This was undoubtedly a terrifying experience for the women but the customer had the presence of mind to go out of the store and saw the silver Ford Focus pull out from the road opposite. She managed to get the registration for the vehicle that led to the identification of Welton and Taylor’s car resulting in their conviction and jailing today.”
