```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-07-20T10:03:58+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-07T09:26:41+01:00'
og:
  description: 280 people were breathalysed in Suffolk during the summer drink drive campaign, with 33 motorists providing positive tests.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/drink_drive.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Over 60 people fail alcohol and drug tests during summer campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-07-20T10:03:58+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/summer-campaign-launched-target-drink-and-drug-driving
title: Over 60 people fail alcohol and drug tests during summer campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/summer-campaign-launched-target-drink-and-drug-driving
```

280 people were breathalysed in Suffolk during the summer drink drive campaign, with 33 motorists providing positive tests.

The month-long campaign, launched on Thursday 1 June, targeted drivers getting behind the wheel under the influence of alcohol and drugs. Additional patrols and roadside checks were carried out with Suffolk having an 11.8% fail rate.

89 drugs tests were also carried out, with 29 drivers providing positive readings – a fail rate of 33%

> **Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the joint Roads Policing and Firearms Operations Unit, said:** "It’s always disappointing to see that people are still prepared to take the risk and get behind the wheel under the influence of drink or drugs, although it is a minority.
>
> "Dozens of people caught during the campaign will now have a minimum 12 to 18 month driving ban, which will have massive implications on their professional and social lives.
>
> "We target drink drivers all-year round and my plea to motorists considering getting behind the wheel after drinking or taking drugs is don’t – it’s simply not worth the risk.”

> **Suffolk’s Police & Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said:** "It beggars belief that despite the obvious dangers, too many drivers still take to the road under the influence of drink or drugs and sadly this month-long campaign confirms this. I am particularly concerned to see that a third of drivers tested for drugs proved positive, this is very worrying.
>
> "All drivers need to understand that drink or drug driving risks lives and the lives of others, it is grossly irresponsible and selfish.
>
> "I hope that slowly but surely the message is getting through, this cavalier attitude to safety is completely unacceptable and I urge drivers to take heed. Sadly too many drivers have still not learnt the lesson – drink/drug driving kills.”

## Previous release | 7 June 2017

Police in Suffolk will be targeted motorists who drive under the influence of drink or drugs as part of a month-long campaign.

The campaign, which started on Thursday 1 June and lasts until 30 June and will see officers from the Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit breathalysing any driver who is stopped due to concerns over the manner of their driving, a vehicle defect or anyone involved in a collision.

Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of the roads policing unit, said: "This is an offence we target all year round but the summer campaign gives us the opportunity to raise awareness of the dangers driving under the influence can have, that a minority of motorists still chose to ignore.

"Drink or drug driving impairs your judgement, making your reactions slower, therefore increasing the chance of being involved in a collision.”

The campaign will involve targeted roadside activities by roads policing officers with support from uniformed colleagues across the county.

During last year’s campaign (2016) 113 motorists were caught drink or drug driving in Suffolk.

Suffolk Police & Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "As the weather improves and the barbeques are dusted off, I welcome this timely campaign to remind drivers not to drink or take drugs and drive.

"It beggars belief that despite the obvious dangers, too many drivers still take to the road under the influence of drink or drugs.

"All drivers need to understand that drink or drug driving risks lives and the lives of others, it is grossly irresponsible and selfish.

"I hope that slowly but surely the message is getting through, this cavalier attitude to safety is completely unacceptable and I urge drivers to take heed. Sadly too many drivers have still not learnt the lesson - drink driving kills.”
