```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-11-16T16:18:13+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-16T16:16:01+00:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been jailed after being convicted of drugs offences occurring in Ipswich at the beginning of this year.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/charles_oryema_laurence_obasogie.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men jailed for drugs offences in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-11-16T16:18:13+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-men-jailed-drugs-offences-ipswich
title: Two men jailed for drugs offences in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-men-jailed-drugs-offences-ipswich
```

L-R: Charles Oryema & Laurence Obasogie

Two men have been jailed after being convicted of drugs offences occurring in Ipswich at the beginning of this year.

27-year-old Laurence Obasogie and 29-year-old Charles Oryema both stood accused of possessing heroin with intent to supply and also possessing crack cocaine with intent to supply.

The charges relate to an incident on Monday 4 January where officers out on patrol at 7.50pm in Star Lane were alerted to a suspicious Ford Focus being driven by Obasogie. They followed the vehicle into Waterworks Street where they signalled for it to stop.

The officers then approached the car and conducted basic searches of both men, with Obasogie found in possession of a large amount of cash and Oryema also found to have a large sum of cash, along with a small amount of cannabis. A dog unit was then called to assist with a search of the car, during which a further amount of cash was discovered.

As officers were preparing to take Oryema to a police station for a full search of his person, he managed to escape and ran off towards Rope Walk, into Bond Street, then Upper Orwell Street, before being recaptured in Upper Barclay Street as he attempted to climb over a fence.

The route of the pursuit was then searched by officers and a bag containing a large number of wraps and an amount of a powdered substance was recovered from a car park off Upper Orwell Courts. A further amount of white powder was then found within a bag taken from Oryema.

The seized substances totalled over 200 wraps of controlled drugs, which following tests were found to be heroin and crack cocaine with an estimated street value in excess of £2,500.

Obasogie, who is from the Denmark Hill Estate in south London, denied the charges but was found guilty following a trial.

Oryema, of Hobart Gardens, Thornton Heath, Surrey, had pleaded guilty to the charges.

Both men appeared at Ipswich Crown Court for sentencing on Monday 14 November where they were given the following sentences:

 * Laurence Obasogie; four years and six months imprisonment
 * Charles Oryema; four years imprisonment (reduced from five years for a guilty plea)

Inspector Gary Miller, who was one of the officers involved with stopping the defendants on the night of the incident, said: “This was an excellent piece of team work by everyone involved, with the suspects being brought to our attention by officers in our intelligence unit.

“The careful retracing of the route taken by Oryema when he tried to escape, through many areas which were not well-lit, was particularly crucial due to the discovery of the drugs he tried to dispose of.

“I hope this sends out a strong message to people travelling into Suffolk to deal drugs from other parts of the country - who may have the perception that we are a soft target – that we are gathering intelligence all the time, identifying suspect individuals and vehicles, and acting positively on that information to disrupt their activity, make arrests and ultimately charge them and put them before the courts.”
