```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-20T16:14:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-20T16:13:54+00:00'
og:
  description: 39-year-old Rebecca Beswick of Old Croxton Road, Thetford has been sentenced to six months in prison, suspended for 18 months, today (Wednesday 20 January) at Ipswich Crown Court, following a collision in 2018 where two people from north Essex were killed.On 31 August 2018 at 11.30am, officers from Suffolk Police were called to a serious road traffic collision on the A134 between Alpheton and Lawshall involving a gold BMW and a blue Mini.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/traffic_car_lights.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Driver sentenced after Alpheton fatal RTC
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-20T16:14:34+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/driver-sentenced-after-alpheton-fatal-rtc
title: Driver sentenced after Alpheton fatal RTC | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/driver-sentenced-after-alpheton-fatal-rtc
```

39-year-old Rebecca Beswick of Old Croxton Road, Thetford has been sentenced to six months in prison, suspended for 18 months, today (Wednesday 20 January) at Ipswich Crown Court, following a collision in 2018 where two people from north Essex were killed.

On 31 August 2018 at 11.30am, officers from Suffolk Police were called to a serious road traffic collision on the A134 between Alpheton and Lawshall involving a gold BMW and a blue Mini.

The Mini Cooper was travelling northbound from Alpheton towards Bury St Edmunds when the collision occurred, and the BMW was travelling in the opposite direction.

79-year-old Regina Brook, known as Gina, from Bures Hamlet, who was the passenger in the BMW, died at the scene of the collision.

The driver of the BMW, 69-year-old Bruno Delmonte from Alphamstone, was transported to Addenbrookes’ Hospital with life threatening injuries and died the following day.

Rebecca Beswick, the driver of the mini, was taken to Addenbrookes’ Hospital with life changing injuries.

An investigation by the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police placed the Mini Cooper on the wrong side of the road at the time of the collision.

On 8th December, during the second day of a trial at Ipswich Crown Court, on the judge’s direction Rebecca Beswick was found not guilty of death by dangerous driving. Ms Beswick had previously pleaded guilty to two counts of death by careless driving. At court today (20 January) she was also sentenced to complete 240 hours of unpaid community work and was disqualified from driving for 36 months and had eight points added to her driving licence.

Alex Matthews from the Serious Collision Investigation Unit at Suffolk Police said: “Our thoughts remain with the families and friends of the two victims who sadly lost their lives as a result of this collision.”
