```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2019-02-05T16:10:02+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2019-01-18T17:32:00+00:00'
og:
  description: Two men have been arrested in connection with a number of distraction burglaries.The first incident occurred at a property in Sudbury Road in Lavenham on Wednesday 16 January at about 4.50pm.A male rang the doorbell of a bungalow and then entered the property without being invited. He then proceeded to claim he was a police officer, demanding money from the female resident before he went into the bedroom of a bed-bound elderly male. The female occupant then went to phone a relative and the suspect left. Nothing was stolen, no force was used and no one was hurt.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two men arrested in connection with distraction burglaries
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2019-02-05T16:10:02+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-01-2019/two-men-arrested-connection-distraction-burglaries
title: Two men arrested in connection with distraction burglaries | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/18-01-2019/two-men-arrested-connection-distraction-burglaries
```

Two men have been arrested in connection with a number of distraction burglaries.

The first incident occurred at a property in Sudbury Road in Lavenham on Wednesday 16 January at about 4.50pm.

A male rang the doorbell of a bungalow and then entered the property without being invited. He then proceeded to claim he was a police officer, demanding money from the female resident before he went into the bedroom of a bed-bound elderly male. The female occupant then went to phone a relative and the suspect left. Nothing was stolen, no force was used and no one was hurt.

The second incident occurred between 4.50pm and 5.05pm on Thursday 17 January, at a property in The Green in Wickham Skeith.

During the times stated, an offender knocked on the kitchen window of the property and when he was confronted by a male occupant, the male offender asked where an amount of money was being kept. The male victim replied to say that they didn’t know anything about any money and he was then followed back into his home by the offender.

The victim, who is aged his 80s, verbally challenged his intrusion but the offender continued to verbally challenge him and the victim then offered the offender an amount of money from a wallet. The offender did not accept the money and left the property.

A third incident also occurred on Thursday 17 January in Wickham Skeith shortly after 5.10pm at a property in Grange Road.

An offender, who claimed to be a police officer, knocked at the door of a female victim’s home and claimed to belong to the fraud squad. He then questioned the victim regarding a payment for a drive and when she was distracted, he stole an amount of cash from her purse.

The victim, who is aged in her 70s, said she would call a family member and the male left.

A fourth incident was also reported on Thursday 17 January in Palgrave. It occurred shortly after 5.40pm at a property in Goulds Close.

An unknown male offender approached the property and looked through a window and they tried to speak to the victim. The suspect then went around the back and pushed the victim, taking an amount of cash from him.

The victim, who is aged in his 80s, was unhurt but was left shaken by the incident.

Two men – a 22-year-old and a 36-year-old – were arrested on suspicion of burglary and robbery on Sunday 3 February. They were both taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and have subsequently been released on police bail.

The men must return to police on Sunday 24 February.

## Previous release | 18 January 2019

Police are urging residents to be vigilant after a number of distraction burglaries were reported in the county this week.

The first incident occurred at a property in Sudbury Road in Lavenham on Wednesday 16 January at about 4.50pm.

A male rang the doorbell of a bungalow and then entered the property without being invited. He then proceeded to claim he was a police officer, demanding money from the female resident before he went into the bedroom of a bed-bound elderly male. The female occupant then went to phone a relative and the suspect left. Nothing was stolen, no force was used and no one was hurt.

Officers are now releasing an e-fit likeness of a man they would like to speak to who was seen in the Lavenham area as he may have information regarding the incident. He is described as having a tanned complexion, short dark hair, aged between 30 and 40, over 6ft in height and of a large build.

The second incident occurred between 4.50pm and 5.05pm yesterday, Thursday 17 January, at a property in The Green in Wickham Skeith.

During the times stated, an offender knocked on the kitchen window of the property and when he was confronted by a male occupant, the male offender asked where an amount of money was being kept. The male victim replied to say that they didn’t know anything about any money and he was then followed back into his home by the offender.

The victim, who is aged his 80s, verbally challenged his intrusion but the offender continued to verbally challenge him and the victim then offered the offender an amount of money from a wallet. The offender did not accept the money and left the property.

A third incident also occurred yesterday in Wickham Skeith shortly after 5.10pm at a property in Grange Road.

An offender, who claimed to be a police officer, knocked at the door of a female victim’s home and claimed to belong to the fraud squad. He then questioned the victim regarding a payment for a drive and when she was distracted, he stole an amount of cash from her purse.

The victim, who is aged in her 70s, said she would call a family member and the male left.

He is described as white, 6ft, with a large build. He was wearing a black top and had no facial hair.

A fourth incident was also reported yesterday in Palgrave. It occurred shortly after 5.40pm at a property in Goulds Close.

An unknown male offender approached the property and looked through a window and they tried to speak to the victim. The suspect then went around the back and pushed the victim, taking an amount of cash from him.

The victim, who is aged in his 80s, was unhurt but was left shaken by the incident.

If someone calls claiming to be a police officer, ask for their identification number and police force. Hang up and call 101 using a different phone. A genuine police officer will not mind waiting while you check.

Officers are currently keeping an open mind regarding whether these incidents are linked and enquiries are ongoing.

Anyone who witnessed any of these incidents or has information regarding a similar incident recently should contact Suffolk police on 101, quoting the relevant crime reference number: (Lavenham) 37/3158/19, (The Green, Wickham Skeith) 37/3391/19, (Grange Road, Wickham Skeith) 37/3388/19, or (Goulds Close, Palgrave) 37/3398/19.

Alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org

Advice on how to deal with cold callers and how to keep yourself safe at home can also be viewed or downloaded by visiting: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

How to deal with Cold Callers
• Always ask for identification from any unexpected callers and do not to let anyone in if you are not comfortable with whom they are and verify their identity with the company they work for.

• Always use the chain and viewer on your door to see who is calling. Only open the door if you feel comfortable and always keep the chain on.

• Councils and utilities companies will generally contact householders by telephone or letter if they plan to carry out repairs rather than make unsolicited calls.

• If you have a back gate ensure that it is locked with a padlock. A slide bolt is not sufficient on its own.

• Ensure that your doors are kept locked when you are in the house.

• If you need carers or family to have access then consider fitting a key safe on the outside wall near to the front door.

• If anyone calls claiming to be from the utility companies such as water, gas, electricity or the council do not let them in. Unless they can quote to you on the doorstep your personal account number which is found on your bills. If you are at all suspicious then phone the police immediately.

Please report anything suspicious as soon as possible to police on 101.
