```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-13T16:07:17+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-13T16:07:17+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk Constabulary is issuing a robust reminder to anyone planning to organise an illegal rave in the county ahead of the Easter weekend.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/uniform_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Robust reminder to organisers of raves
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-13T16:07:17+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/robust-reminder-organisers-raves
title: Robust reminder to organisers of raves | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/robust-reminder-organisers-raves
```

Suffolk Constabulary is issuing a robust reminder to anyone planning to organise an illegal rave in the county ahead of the Easter weekend.

The Constabulary is re-iterating previous warnings that officers will be adopting a zero tolerance approach, clamping down on individuals who choose to break the law and ruin peace in their community.

Residents can play a key role in preventing such events and the public are being asked to assist police by reporting any suspicious activity around open land or disused buildings.

Landowners also need to remain vigilant and immediately report any activity, which may lead them to suspect a rave is being organised on their land. Extra care should be taken to ensure that property entrances are secure wherever possible.

The police need to be informed of:

 * Any information that an illegal rave is taking place
 * Any sightings of vans, lorries or large numbers of vehicles gathering near woods, rural car parks or near to disused buildings/warehouse
 * Sightings of fliers advertising raves
 * Broken padlocks on access gates, to areas where a rave may take place.

Coupled with this, community centres, village halls and other venues have been contacted to ensure they are asking the right questions about the nature of the event when taking bookings.

> **Superintendent Tonya Antonis said:** "It is much easier to stop a rave before it starts, so early notification of one taking place is critical in helping us police these events.
>
> "I want to warn anyone who is considering organising a rave that they will face prosecution for holding such an event. Ultimately public safety is the primary concern for us. Where officers can prevent, disrupt or stop a rave taking place, we will do everything within our power to do this, providing that it is in the best interests of all concerned, given the specific circumstances that we are faced with.”
>
> "Illegal rave organisers have little concern for the health, safety and welfare of those attending the event; for the local residents, who are adversely affected by the noise, rave-related anti-social behaviour and the impact on the environment; or for the landowner left with litter and damage.”

Police have powers, which enable them to seize vehicles and sound equipment in certain circumstances. As such they are urging anyone who rents sound or lighting equipment to only do so to people who they believe to have a valid and legal reason. Seized equipment will be retained as evidence for any prosecution.

If you have any information that could assist the police in relation to unlicensed music events taking place please contact Suffolk Constabulary on 101 or Crime stoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
