```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-03-01T15:03:17+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-08-18T15:11:42+01:00'
og:
  description: A countywide team dedicated to tackle criminal threats and challenges that emerge in a particular local area is making a positive impact.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/kestrel1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Kestrel team making positive impact
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-03-01T15:03:17+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kestrel-team-making-positive-impact
title: Kestrel team making positive impact | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/kestrel-team-making-positive-impact
```

A countywide team dedicated to tackle criminal threats and challenges that emerge in a particular local area is making a positive impact.

The Neighbourhood Crime Proactive team or ‘Kestrel’ team which was formed in August 2020, continues to play important role in supporting the force’s capability to dynamically deploy into a particular area for a period of time to target crime. The team supports community and local policing priorities and deal with serious criminality such as drug crime as well as anti-social behaviour.

The Kestrel team made up of one sergeant and six PCs is based at Eye and is a highly visible and uniformed team, deployable across the county to any location in support of local policing.

After just six months of operational activity the team has provided a significant point of contact for members of the public to engage with and provide intelligence that can be used for future operational activity and potential arrests.

The team have conducted 500 hours of foot patrols, located four missing people conducted 45 positive stop searches, made 36 arrests and seized nearly £8,000 worth of drugs. They have also made 78 safeguarding referrals to help support vulnerable people in the community.*

The funding for the seven strong Kestrel team has come from finance provided by Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner’s increase to the policing element of council tax precept for the financial year (2020/21).

Sgt Kelvin Wenden from the Kestrel team said: "These results demonstrate the positive impact the Kestrel team has already had in a relatively short period of time. It’s very satisfying team to be part of – we always get plenty of praise and appreciation from local residents and other people in the communities we work in.

"A big part of our role is the engagement element - speaking with locals, listening to their issues and then we use that intelligence to tackle those issues and make a positive difference. It’s a team that can make a big difference in a relatively short amount of time in terms of addressing ASB ‘hotspots’ or other criminality and we are very keen to continue with this approach in the months ahead.”

Tim Passmore, Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner said: "The funding for the Kestrel team has come directly from the precept increase in this year’s budget. It is one of several additional resources made possible by the precept and I hope people will see that it really is making a difference.

"This team is able to swoop into areas where additional resource is required to deal with issues affecting communities, working alongside local policing teams. It is great to hear that local communities really appreciate their input and the results speak for themselves.

He added: "When I talk to local communities, Increased visibility and more foot patrols are often top of their wish-lists. With this in mind, and the proven success of the original Kestrel team, we are increasing this pro-active initiative. A second Kestrel team, dedicated to the west of the county, will be launched later this summer paid for by the increase in the 2021/22 precept.”

There are also plans for a Kestrel team to be introduced in the South later this year (covering the Ipswich area), meaning the current Kestrel team will focus on the eastern area of the county.
•All figures cover August2020 to early February 2021

Gallery images below show the team with Sgt Kelvin Wenden on the left, centre is Chief Superintendent Marina Ericson and on the right is PCC Tim Passmore; the second image is the Kestrel team itself led by Sgt Kelvin Wenden

## Previous release I 18 August 2020

A new countywide team dedicated to tackle criminal threats and challenges that emerge in a particular local area is now operational and active.

The Neighbourhood Crime Proactive team or Kestrel team will provide a key aspect to the force’s capability to address high-volume crimes, drug crime and associated anti-social behaviour. Where necessary, it will also assist and support in targeting local policing priorities and deal with the policing issues and concerns which matter most to local communities.

The Kestrel team of seven (one sergeant and six PCs) based at Eye will be a highly visible and uniformed team, deployable across the county to any location in support of local policing.
The team will be able to support locally based teams in tackling violent crime, burglary, robbery, vehicle crime, drugs and anti-social behaviour.

The funding for the new seven strong Kestrel team has come from finance provided by Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner’s 4.69% increase to the policing element of council tax precept for this financial year. This rise will ensure the force continues to robustly tackle emerging criminality and will strengthen the force’s proactive capability to respond to community concerns.

Assistant Chief Constable Rob Jones said: “Having this additional team available will bolster our capability to rapidly support our local policing teams in addressing criminality. It will strengthen the force’s proactive capability to respond to community concerns and help us robustly tackle emerging crime trends in an area and, ultimately, bring the perpetrators to justice.

County Policing Commander Chief Superintendent Marina Ericson said: “This dedicated Kestrel team will have the ability to dynamically deploy into a particular area for a period of time to target crime and work alongside the relevant local policing team.

“The team will work alongside other teams and partner agencies, putting a problem-solving approach at the heart of its activities and embracing creative and innovative methods. It will form a key part of the overall policing response to dealing with both existing and emerging criminal threats and challenges in local communities.”

Tim Passmore, Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner said: “I am very proud to see the Kestrel team in place and ready for action.

“The funding of these officers has come directly from the precept increase in this year’s budget. It is one of several additional resources made possible by the precept increase and I hope people will see that their extra £10 a year - for a Band D property - really is making a difference.

“This team will be able to swoop into areas where additional resource is required to deal with issues affecting communities, working alongside local policing teams. I wish them all well and look forward to hearing the results.”

Gallery images below show the team with Sgt Kelvin Wenden on the left, centre is Chief Superintendent Marina Ericson and on the right is PCC Tim Passmore; the second image is the Kestrel team itself led by Sgt Kelvin Wenden

## Previous release I 3 November 2020

A new team dedicated to tackling criminal and ASB challenges that emerge in a particular area had a productive time in Beccles over the weekend.

The Neighbourhood Crime Proactive team or Kestrel team supports the force’s capability to address crime and associated anti-social behaviour across the county in apparent ‘hotspots’. They also support local policing priorities in an area and help tackle issues and concerns which local communities have raised to local officers.

On Saturday (31 Oct) and Sunday (1 Nov) the Kestrel team conducted extensive patrols of Beccles including the train station, the local skate park, the car park at Tesco and town centre. The team were in Beccles in response to concerns raised by the public after reports of intimidating anti-social behaviour, some of which is linked to the anti-social use of motor vehicles. The team’s extensive engagement around the town with the public also enabled them to secure valuable intelligence and information on other suspected crimes and anti-social behaviour that had recently taken place.

One male, aged 15, was also arrested following a Misuse of Drugs Act search conducted in the Northgate area of the town. During the search, a small amount of suspected cannabis was located along with a number of clear grip seal bags and scales. The male was arrested on suspicion of possession with intent to supply and taken to Great Yarmouth Police Investigation Centre for questioning. He was subsequently released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Sgt Kelvin Wenden from the Kestrel Team said: "The weekend spent in Beccles was extremely productive in providing reassurance, visibility as well as a great opportunity to gather valuable intelligence for future operational activity and potential arrests. During our visit to Tesco car park we received positive responses from staff regarding our presence, as well as members of the public thanking us for our time in the area.

"Our work over the weekend in Beccles shows how we are able to dynamically deploy into a particular area for a period of time to target crime and work alongside the relevant local policing team and respond to community concerns.”

The funding for the seven officer strong Kestrel team has come from finance provided by Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner’s 4.69% increase to the policing element of council tax precept for this financial year. This rise will ensure the force continues to robustly tackle emerging criminality and will strengthen the force’s proactive capability to respond to community concerns."

Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk Tim Passmore said: "I’m so pleased to see our new Kestrel team making such an impact in Beccles – this is exactly what we wanted.

"The funding of these officers has come from some of the policing precept in this year's council tax and I hope people will see that their extra funding really is making a difference. As the name suggests, this team has been brought together to swoop into areas where additional resource is required to deal with issues affecting communities, working alongside local policing teams.

"I think the success over the weekend speaks for itself.”

## Gallery
