```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-12-12T13:00:27+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-10T11:18:30+01:00'
og:
  description: A 33-year-old man who was charged following a fatal road traffic collision in Santon Downham earlier this year has been jailed.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/santon_downham_2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed following fatal collision in Santon Downham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-12-12T13:00:27+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-following-fatal-collision-santon-downham
title: Man jailed following fatal collision in Santon Downham | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/man-jailed-following-fatal-collision-santon-downham
```

A 33-year-old man who was charged following a fatal road traffic collision in Santon Downham earlier this year has been jailed.

Raimondas Saveikis, of Canons Walk, Thetford, had previously pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving whilst under the influence of drink/drugs at crown court on Friday 11 November. This was an alternative to the original indictment of causing death by dangerous driving and carries the same sentencing power as death by dangerous driving.

This was in respect of a road traffic collision occurring at 5am on Sunday 9 October on the B1107 Thetford Road, where a Ford Mondeo being driven by Saveikis, was involved in a head-on collision with a Fiat Panda being driven by 46-year-old Mark Smyth from Brandon. Mr Smyth sadly died at the scene of the collision.

A police investigation into the collision found that Saveikis was at least twice the drink-drive limit, was on the wrong side of the road, and believed to be using his mobile phone at, or about the time of, the collision.

At Ipswich Crown Court today, Monday 12 December, Saveikis was sentenced to four years and eight months’ imprisonment and disqualified from driving for three and a half years.

Inspector David Giles, of the Serious Collision Investigation Team, said: “This absolutely tragic incident highlights the dangers of drink-driving and how impairment results in driver error. This driver error ended with the totally unnecessary loss of an innocent man’s life.

“The pictures of the scene are graphic, but they are sadly real. They have been released with the support of the family to highlight the very real danger of drink-driving and using your phone whilst driving, in the hope that their release will go some way to preventing further deaths on our roads.

“I would like to pay tribute to Mr Smyth’s family – they have conducted themselves with total dignity throughout this most difficult of times.”

## Previous release - 10 October 2016

A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, following a fatal road traffic collision on the Suffolk/Norfolk border.

Police were called by the ambulance service just after 5am on Sunday, 9 October, to reports of a collision between a red Ford Mondeo and a green Fiat Panda on the B1107 Thetford Road at Santon Downham, near the exit to High Lodge Visitor Centre.

Ambulance personnel were assisted by a volunteer doctor from the Suffolk Accident Rescue Service, but the male driver of the Fiat Panda sadly died at the scene.

The road was closed for a collision investigation to take place and reopened at around 1pm.

A 33-year-old man from Thetford was arrested on suspicion of driving with excess alcohol in connection with this collision and taken to hospital for treatment. He was later further arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, but currently remains in hospital.

Any witnesses are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on **101** quoting reference CAD NC89 of 9 October.

## Previous release - 13 October 2016

A 46-year-old man who died following a road traffic collision on the Suffolk/Norfolk border at the weekend is being named by police, as another man is charged in connection with the incident.

Officers were called just after 5am on Sunday, 9 October, to reports of a collision between a red Ford Mondeo and a green Fiat Panda on the B1107 Thetford Road at Santon Downham, near the exit to High Lodge Visitor Centre.

Mark Smyth of Brandon, who was driving the Fiat Panda, sadly died at the scene of the collision.

Raimondas Saveikis, 33, of Canons Walk, Thetford, has this afternoon, Thursday 13 October, been charged with causing death by dangerous driving.

He has been remanded in police custody and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court tomorrow, Friday 14 October.

## Previous release | 14 November

A 33-year-old man who was charged following a fatal road traffic collision in Santon Downham, has entered a guilty plea at crown court.

Officers were called just after 5am on Sunday 9 October, to reports of a collision between a Ford Mondeo and a Fiat Panda on the B1107 Thetford Road. Mark Smyth, aged 46, of Brandon, who was driving the Fiat Panda, sadly died at the scene of the collision.

Raimondas Saveikis, of Canons Walk, Thetford, was arrested by police following the collision and initially charged with causing death by dangerous driving.

He appeared at Ipswich Crown Court on Friday 11 November for a plea and case management hearing, where he pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving whilst under the influence of drink/drugs. This was an alternative to the original indictment and carries the same sentencing power as death by dangerous driving.

Saveikis was released on bail by the court and is due to return there for sentencing on Monday 12 December. He was told to expect a significant custodial sentence.

## Gallery
