```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-27T16:55:18+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-11-11T07:00:28+00:00'
og:
  description: A 64-year-old man has pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and has been sentenced to seven years imprisonment and banned from driving for eight and a half years.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/nelson_curtis.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man sentenced to seven years in prison following fatal collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-27T16:55:18+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-red-lodge
title: Man sentenced to seven years in prison following fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-red-lodge
```

A 64-year-old man has pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and has been sentenced to seven years imprisonment and banned from driving for eight and a half years.

Nelson Curtis, of High Street, Lakenheath appeared at Ipswich Crown Court today, Tuesday 27 June in connection with a fatal road collision in Red Lodge last year. Curtis pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop after a road traffic collision and failing to report a road traffic collision.

Police were called just after midnight on Friday 11 November 2016 to reports that a vehicle had been found off the road on the A11 southbound.

Lauren Danks, aged 22 and from Soham in Cambridgeshire, was found inside the car, but she had sadly died at the scene.

Police began a collision investigation and discovered a second vehicle – a Jaguar - had been involved. This vehicle was then traced and recovered by police.

Curtis was arrested later on in the morning on the day of the collision and taken into custody for questioning. He was subsequently charged with offences on 6 May 2017.

Curtis had drunk alcohol excessively before driving his Jaguar car at 134 mph on the A11. At the point the collision occurred he was braking but still travelling at 104 mph. Curtis failed to stop following the collision, driving almost two further miles with only 3 wheels on his car. He initially denied all knowledge of the incident to police before later admitting he was involved.

Chief Inspector David Giles said,

> “This collision which led to the death of a young woman was reckless almost beyond belief. To drive a car at such excessive speed, having consumed a large amount of alcohol shows a total and utter disregard for everybody else on the road. Failure to stop and report the collision compounded the distress of those affected.
>
> “I would like to thank the officers who attended the scene for their thorough investigation of the circumstances which ultimately led to Mr Curtis being charged with these offences. I also appreciate the assistance that Jaguar Land Rover UK gave with technical interpretation of the data recovered from Curtis’s vehicle.
>
> “Having suffered an unimaginable loss in such circumstances I would also like to express my condolences and thanks to Lauren Danks’s family who have been exceptionally supportive throughout the investigation.”

## Previous release - 11 November 2016

A young woman has died following a fatal road traffic collision on the A11 at Red Lodge.

Police were called just after midnight this morning, Friday 11 November, to reports a vehicle had been found off the road on the A11 southbound.

A young woman was found inside the vehicle – a Citroen car – but she had died at the scene. She is believed to have been the only person in the vehicle and her next of kin are aware.

Police have begun an investigation into what happened and the A11 has been closed while an examination is carried out at the scene.

Anyone who may have seen any incident on the A11 late last night, Thursday 10 November, should call Suffolk Police on 101, quoting CAD reference 2 of today, Friday 11.

## Previous release - 11 November 2016 - 1145

A man has been arrested following a fatal road traffic collision on the A11 at Red Lodge.

Police were called just after midnight this morning, Friday 11 November, to reports a vehicle had been found off the road on the A11 southbound.

A young woman, in her early 20s, was found inside the Citroen car, but she had died at the scene. She is believed to have been the only person in the vehicle and her next of kin are aware.

Police began an investigation into what had happened and discovered a second vehicle had been involved. Following work to trace this, a vehicle – a Jaguar – was recovered and a 63-year-old man was arrested just after 4am this morning on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, drink driving and failing to stop following a road traffic collision.

He has been taken into custody at Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where he will be interviewed.

The A11 has been closed while a full investigation is carried out at the scene. It is anticipated that this will be closed until early afternoon.

A volunteer paramedic from Suffolk Accident Rescue Service (SARS) attended this collision.

Anyone who may have seen any incident late last night, Thursday 10 November, in this area of the A11 should call Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting CAD reference 2 of today, Friday 11.

## Previous release | 12 November 2016

A young woman who died following a road traffic collision on the A11 at Red Lodge is being named by police.

Officers were called just after midnight yesterday morning, Friday 11 November, to reports a vehicle had been found off the road on the A11 southbound.

Lauren Danks, aged 22 and from Soham in Cambridgeshire, was found inside the car, but she had sadly died at the scene.

Police began a collision investigation and discovered a second vehicle – a Jaguar - had been involved. This vehicle was then traced and recovered by police.

A 63-year-old man from the Brandon area was subsequently arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, drink driving, and failing to stop following a road traffic collision.

He was taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and has been released on bail until Saturday 6 May 2017 pending further enquiries.

Anyone who was travelling along the A11 between Red Lodge and Barton Mills, from 10pm and midnight on Thursday 10 November, who has any information relating to this collision, is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 quoting CAD 2 of 11 November.

## Previous release | 8 May 2017

A 64-year-old man has been charged in connection with a fatal road traffic collision in Red Lodge last year.

Police were called just after midnight on Friday 11 November 2016 to reports that a vehicle had been found off the road on the A11 southbound.

Lauren Danks, aged 22 and from Soham in Cambridgeshire, was found inside the car, but she had sadly died at the scene.

Police began a collision investigation and discovered a second vehicle – a Jaguar - had been involved. This vehicle was then traced and recovered by police.

Nelson Curtis, of High Street, Lakenheath, was arrested later on in the morning on the day of the collision and taken into police custody for questioning before being released on police bail.

Curtis has now been charged with the following offences: causing death by dangerous driving; failing to stop after a road traffic collision; and failing to report a road traffic collision. He has been bailed to appear at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court on Tuesday 23 May.

## Gallery
