```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-10-05T12:32:31+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-25T10:15:59+01:00'
og:
  description: Police investigating the sexual assault of a teenage girl in Ipswich last month have carried-out checks in the area it occurred two weeks after the incident.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-sign.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Checks carried-out two weeks after sexual assault in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-10-05T12:32:31+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2018/checks-carried-out-two-weeks-after-sexual-assault-ipswich
title: Checks carried-out two weeks after sexual assault in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-09-2018/checks-carried-out-two-weeks-after-sexual-assault-ipswich
```

Police investigating the sexual assault of a teenage girl in Ipswich last month have carried-out checks in the area it occurred two weeks after the incident.

The crime took place between 4.30pm and 5pm on Thursday 20 September in Orwell Place.

The victim, aged 17, had been walking along Rope Walk, near to the junction with Dove Street, when a group of five to six boys approached and surrounded her, then followed alongside her towards the town centre.

As they crossed Grimwade Street and continued along Rope Walk towards Eagle Street, they began acting and speaking in an inappropriate manner towards her.

The victim asked them to stop what they were doing, but their behaviour continued and when they reached Orwell Place, one of the group sexually assaulted her. At this point, the victim managed to run across the road onto Tacket Street and get away from them.

Between 4.30pm and 5.30pm yesterday afternoon, Thursday 4 October, officers carried-out checks in Rope Walk, Grimwade Street and Orwell Place, where they spoke with over 300 people.

Detective Constable Jenny Devine said: “We are very grateful to all the members of the public who took the time to stop and speak to us yesterday and as a result of this we have a number of further enquiries to undertake from the information we received.

“This was a despicable assault against a 17-year-old girl who was just walking along and minding her own business. These boys are old enough to know what is acceptable behaviour and what is not, and it deeply concerns me that children who are potentially only 13 years-old would gang-up on and assault a girl in this way.

“We are determined to identify the individuals responsible and I am urging anyone who believes they know who they are, or who has any information about this incident, to make contact with us.”

The suspects are described as being white with tanned complexions and aged around 12 to 13 years-old and. One of them was riding a bicycle and another one was using a push scooter.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time, and who saw a group of boys following a teenage girl, to make contact.

Anyone with information about this assault, or any motorists driving along any of the roads stated above with a dash cam fitted in their vehicle, are asked to contact the South Safeguarding Unit on 101 quoting reference 54160/18, or the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 25 September 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses after a teenage girl was sexually assaulted in Ipswich last week.

The incident took place between 4.30pm and 5pm on Thursday 20 September in Orwell Place.

The victim, aged 17, had been walking along Rope Walk, near to the junction with Dove Street, when a group of five to six boys approached and surrounded her, then followed alongside her towards the town centre.

As they crossed Grimwade Street and continued along Rope Walk towards Eagle Street, they began acting and speaking in an inappropriate manner towards her.

The victim asked them to stop what they were doing, but their behaviour continued and when they reached Orwell Place, one of the group sexually assaulted her. At this point, the victim managed to run across the road onto Tacket Street and get away from them.

The suspects are described as being aged around 12 to 13 years-old and with tanned complexions. One of them was riding a bicycle and another one was using a push scooter.

Detectives are appealing for anyone who was in the area at the time, and who saw a group of boys following a teenage girl, to make contact. This includes any motorists driving along any of the roads stated above with a dash cam fitted in their vehicle.

Anyone with information about this assault is asked to contact the South Safeguarding Unit on 101 quoting reference 54160/18, or the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
