```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-07-01T11:24:42+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-07-01T11:17:42+01:00'
og:
  description: 'As more businesses are allowed to open this weekend, residents are being urged to #StickWithItSuffolk by keeping it local and sticking to the guidance, such as social distancing.'
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/srf_latest_news_graphic.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Play your part to stop the spread of COVID-19 this weekend
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-07-01T11:24:42+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-07-2020/play-your-part-stop-spread-covid-19-weekend
title: Play your part to stop the spread of COVID-19 this weekend | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/01-07-2020/play-your-part-stop-spread-covid-19-weekend
```

As more businesses are allowed to open this weekend, residents are being urged to #StickWithItSuffolk by keeping it local and sticking to the guidance, such as social distancing.

Even before COVID-19 the police and NHS had to deal with the consequences of people drinking too much. This was dangerous behaviour before the pandemic, but now will put unnecessary, extra pressure on emergency services and means businesses may not be able to operate in a safe way.

Businesses have been working hard to bring in new measures to enable them to trade, keep their customers safe and help reduce the spread of COVID-19. But they need the public to help, by sticking to these measures and acting sensibly. This will help to prevent the virus from spreading again. Otherwise, businesses could once again be threatened with closure.

People are still required to social distance and to stay two metres apart. In some circumstances, with extra precautions, people can follow the ‘1 metre plus’ rule. This could include wearing masks or only sitting with particular groups in a restaurant.

The ‘Safer Places’ group, part of the Suffolk Resilience Forum, which is made up of Suffolk’s NHS, Emergency and Public Services has been helping businesses re-open.

David Collinson, who leads the ‘Safer Places’ group, said: “It is good news that the government is allowing more businesses to open. We have been working hard to help more and more people trade safely and keep their customers safe. But it is now also crucial for people to keep playing their part if businesses are to continue trading and if we are to stop the spread of COVID-19.
“We urge everyone to keep local and support businesses in your area as well as sticking to the new measures and think about the consequences of their actions, especially when it comes to drinking. The government advice continues to be that people should still remain 2 metres apart unless there are alternative, Covid-secure measures in place.

“If businesses need help, the government has the latest advice online or their local council should be able to help. Stick with it Suffolk and help local businesses continue to trade and stop the spread of COVID-19.”

Assistant Chief Constable Rob Jones said:“Whilst we of course want people to have a good time and enjoy themselves in pubs and bars, we must remember that coronavirus is still a serious risk to health. As such, people need to continue to follow the government’s guidance to reduce the transmission of the virus, including social distancing, increased hygiene measures and following the instructions of pub and bar staff.

“We urge people to drink responsibly, follow the guidance set out and maintain a safe environment for everyone. The vast majority of drinkers are responsible but we know some people will drink to excess and become vulnerable to harm or indeed cause harm to others. The key advice is to know your limits, drink sensibly and consider how you will get home safely.
“As a county so far you have done a brilliant job in acting responsibly, so the message remains to Stick with it Suffolk.”

The latest government guidance about what you can and cannot do from Saturday 4 July is available at www.gov.uk/coronoavirus
