```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-14T16:49:04+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-14T16:49:04+00:00'
og:
  description: Two men convicted of conspiracy to commit robberies in Ipswich have today been given Serious Crime Prevention Orders which will restrict their activities when they are released from prison.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/officer5.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Two given serious crime prevention orders
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-14T16:49:04+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-given-serious-crime-prevention-orders
title: Two given serious crime prevention orders | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/two-given-serious-crime-prevention-orders
```

Two men convicted of conspiracy to commit robberies in Ipswich have today been given Serious Crime Prevention Orders which will restrict their activities when they are released from prison.

Tyren Brooks, 27, formerly of Campion Road in Ipswich, and Colin Weeding, 27, of no fixed abode, were both found guilty of conspiracy to commit robbery following a trial at Ipswich Crown Court in August 2016.

The conspiracy to commit robbery charge covered three incidents in Ipswich – robberies at Dales Road Post Office and Coral bookmakers, and the robbery of a G4S driver in Lovetofts Drive – and preparatory offences which included a home burglary, the theft of motorbikes, theft of fuel and theft of number plates – all committed between 3 March and 2 May 2015.

Weeding was sentenced to 12 years imprisonment on November 25 and Brooks was jailed for 17 years on December 8 2016 for their roles in the conspiracy.

Today, Tuesday 14 February, the two appeared at Ipswich Crown Court where Serious Crime Prevention Orders were given to both men.

The orders will cover five years starting from the date of their release from prison and cover a number of areas including restrictions on the possession of cash, mobile phones, vehicles and association with co-defendants in the case, all designed to prevent the commission of further offences.

The order includes a restriction not to own more than one mobile phone, not to be in possession of any cash in excess of £500, to notify authorities of any vehicle that they possess and vehicle insurance details, not to drive or ride any motorcycle or moped, and not to enter any gambling premises in England or Wales.

It also places a responsibility on both men to notify police of where they are living and if any changes are made.
