```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-31T13:38:48+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-30T12:55:53+01:00'
og:
  description: Detectives are renewing appeals for witnesses in connection with robberies at convenience shops in Eye and Leiston at the weekend, as enquiries into the incidents continue.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Eye and Leiston \u2013 Update following robberies at convenience shops"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-03-31T13:38:48+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-03-2020/eye-and-leiston-update-following-robberies-convenience-shops
title: "Eye and Leiston \u2013 Update following robberies at convenience shops | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/30-03-2020/eye-and-leiston-update-following-robberies-convenience-shops
```

Detectives are renewing appeals for witnesses in connection with robberies at convenience shops in Eye and Leiston at the weekend, as enquiries into the incidents continue.

The first offence took place at approximately 7.45pm on Sunday 29 March, at McColl’s in Church Street, Eye.

A man carrying a knife entered the shop, grabbed a woman member of staff and demanded cash from the tills. He fled the scene a short time later on foot, empty-handed. The shop worker was very shaken as a result of the incident but was uninjured.

The second incident occurred later the same evening, at around 8.45pm, at Londis in Sizewell Road, Leiston.

A man carrying a knife entered the premises, demanded cash from a member of staff and after a short scuffle the offender left the shop with a quantity of cash. No one was injured during the incident.

Yesterday morning, Monday 30 March, police attended an address in Thetford and arrested five people on suspicion of being concerned in the robberies. They were all taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning and their details are as follows:

\- A 37-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds; two men from Thetford, aged 47 and 44; and two 36-year-old women, one from Thetford; and the other from the Eye area.

The two Thetford men and the two women have all been released on bail until Thursday 23 April, pending further enquiries.

The 37-year-old man from Bury St Edmunds has also been bailed in connection with these incidents, but he was wanted on recall to prison and so was detained to be transferred into the custody of HM Prison Service.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for anyone with information about these incidents to contact East CID at Lowestoft Police Station, quoting reference 18720/20 (Eye) or 18710/20 (Leiston).

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Email – [email protected]

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999

## Previous release | 30 March 2020

Police have arrested five people in connection with two robberies that took place from shops in Eye and Leiston yesterday Sunday 29 March.

The first incident took place at the McColl’s convenience shop, Church Street, Eye at approximately 7:45pm. A man carrying a knife entered the shop, grabbed a woman member of staff and demanded cash from the tills. He fled the scene a short time later on foot, empty-handed. The shop worker was very shaken as a result of the incident but was uninjured.

The second robbery took place at the Londis convenience shop, Sizewell Road, Leiston at approximately 8:45pm. It is reported that a man carrying a knife entered the premises and demanded cash from a member of staff. After a short scuffle the offender left the shop with a quantity of cash. No injuries have been reported.

Earlier this morning, Monday 30 March, police attended an address in Thetford and arrested three men and two women on suspicion of being concerned in the robberies. The two men in their 40s from Thetford, a 37 year old man from Bury St Edmunds, and two women both in their 30s from Thetford and Laxfield have been taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre where they will be questioned by officers.

Witnesses or anyone with information about these incidents is asked to contact Suffolk Police, quoting reference 18720/20 (Eye) or 18710/20 (Leiston)

Website – http://www.suffolk.police.uk/contact-us/existing-report-update

Phone – Call 101

Crimestoppers – Contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111, or via their online form: www.crimestoppers-uk.org

Please note in the event of an emergency you should always call 999.
