```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-03T16:46:06+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-03T16:45:21+01:00'
og:
  description: A 24 year old man has today (Monday 3 September) been jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to robbery.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sonny_ball.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to robbery
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-03T16:46:06+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-09-2018/man-jailed-20-months-after-pleading-guilty-robbery
title: Man jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to robbery | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/03-09-2018/man-jailed-20-months-after-pleading-guilty-robbery
```

A 24 year old man has today (Monday 3 September) been jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to robbery.

Sonny Ball of no fixed abode was sentenced at Norwich Crown court after he was charged with robbery of a woman in her 70s. Under Operation Converter he went on to admit to another six other offences.

The offence Ball was charged with took place in Norwich on 1 August on Eleanor Road. After stealing the handbag and shopping bag he proceeded to conduct two contactless transactions at shops with the victim’s bank card.

At court on 31 August he also admitted an incident of robbery on 28 October 2015 on Rectory Road in Lowestoft where he used a degree of force to steal a handbag from a woman aged in her 70s. On 26 July 2018 on Regent Road in Lowestoft he also stole a handbag from another woman in her 70s. A few days later on 29 July on King Street in Norwich a woman also in her 70s had her handbag pulled from her using force. Cards from the bag were later used to make a series of transactions at nearby shops. A couple of days later on 31 July a woman in her 50s had her handbag stolen by Ball on St Andrews Street in Norwich where the victim sustained minor injuries to her right knee, hip and ankle and left elbow.

He also admitted an incident from a theft from shops at a store on London Road north in Lowestoft where four pairs of headphones were stolen on 28 July as well as admitting an offence of possession of cannabis.

On 31 August Ball pleaded guilty to all counts and was sentenced today 3 September 2018.

DC Duncan Etchells from the Converter team said: "Ball is an individual who exploited and preyed on the elderly with no thought to the upset and harm he may cause them. It is very satisfying to see him behind bars for some time where he will be able to reflect on the misery and distress he has caused his innocent victims.

"People who commit street robberies must understand that they stand a very good chance of being arrested, and if arrested they must be prepared to go to prison, because that is very likely to be the result of their offending.”

Operation Converter is an initiative aimed at encouraging offenders to admit their crimes. This has benefits for all – police are able to give victims some peace of mind that an offender has been caught for the burglary of their home or the theft of their property and the individual has the opportunity to clear their slate so they can have a fresh start when they are released from prison, without the possibility they will later be traced for a further offence. Offenders have to give sufficient detail for officers to be sure they have committed the crime and these offences are then ‘taken into consideration’ at sentencing. The judge will look at all the offences before determining the sentence.
