```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-05T16:31:15+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-05T16:21:03+01:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk Constabulary has once again been ranked in Britain\u2019s top 100 employers for lesbian, gay and bisexual staff, improving its ranking by 58 positions and becoming the highest ranking police force.The\_Workplace Equality Index,\_developed by Stonewall, the gay equality charity, has this year ranked Suffolk Constabulary in 15th place in its index of the Top 100 Employers."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/caiuwxvwkaap-tm_1.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Suffolk Police becomes Britain\u2019s top police force for LGBT staff"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-05T16:31:15+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-becomes-britain%E2%80%99s-top-police-force-lgbt-staff
title: "Suffolk Police becomes Britain\u2019s top police force for LGBT staff | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-police-becomes-britain%E2%80%99s-top-police-force-lgbt-staff
```

Suffolk Constabulary has once again been ranked in Britain’s top 100 employers for lesbian, gay and bisexual staff, improving its ranking by 58 positions and becoming the highest ranking police force.

The Workplace Equality Index, developed by Stonewall, the gay equality charity, has this year ranked Suffolk Constabulary in 15th place in its index of the Top 100 Employers.

The Workplace Equality Index was developed by Stonewall to challenge Britain’s leading employers to create an inclusive working environment for lesbian, gay and bisexual employees.

The index is the definitive national benchmark for employers to measure their own performance in relation to other agencies in addressing the needs of lesbians, gay men and bisexuals in the wider community and to track workplace culture for gay, lesbian and bisexual employees.

Organisations complete a benchmarking survey. Submissions are assessed against 25 questions across eight criteria; ranging from the implementation of effective equality policies and practical demonstration of other good practice, including: training, monitoring and procurement and engagement with lesbian and gay staff, customers and service users.

Temporary Deputy Chief Constable Steve Jupp said:

> ### "I am delighted that the Constabulary has once again appeared in the top 100 in Stonewall's Diversity Index. The principles of diversity, inclusion and equality must sit at the heart of any truly modern and forward thinking organisation"

"Rising in the rankings so significantly is a fantastic achievement and a reflection of our commitment to being a supportive employer that values its lesbian, gay and bisexual employees. We aim to create an inclusive working environment for all our officers and staff, and to provide an inclusive service for all people of Suffolk, regardless of their sexual orientation."

Chair of the Norfolk & Suffolk Gay Police Association, Sergeant Steve Wright said: "I am delighted to have Suffolk Constabulary placed as the highest ranking police force in the Country. Members of the network and the Constabulary alike work very hard to make sure the work environment is one where LGBT+ staff can feel comfortable and open.

"With our forthcoming recruitment of police officers, this is an ideal time to show the LGBT+ community of Suffolk that our organisation is one they would be very welcome in. We have been in the top 100 for eight years and this is our best ever ranking so we are over the moon to have our hard work recognised.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said; "I am really pleased to see that the Constabulary has improved its ranking in Stonewall’s equality list.

"I want policing in this county to be fair and accessible, and to reflect the human rights of all. It is crucially important we treat our workforce with the same respect.

"I am delighted that Stonewall has recognised our commitment to our staff.”

More information on the work of Stonewall can be found on their website: www.stonewall.org.uk
