```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-03-12T20:33:01+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-03-10T15:49:16+00:00'
og:
  description: A 43-year-old man arrested in connection with an unexplained death of an 88-year-old woman in Capel St Mary has been released on police bail.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policebadge485x275.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Capel St Mary - Man bailed in unexplained death investigation
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-03-12T20:33:01+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-03-2020/capel-st-mary-man-bailed-unexplained-death-investigation
title: Capel St Mary - Man bailed in unexplained death investigation | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/10-03-2020/capel-st-mary-man-bailed-unexplained-death-investigation
```

A 43-year-old man arrested in connection with an unexplained death of an 88-year-old woman in Capel St Mary has been released on police bail.

Officers were called at 12.50pm on Monday 17 February to concerns for the welfare of a woman who resided at an address near Mill Hill.

Ambulance crews were first to arrive at the property where they discovered the woman deceased inside.

The death was not initially considered to be suspicious, but following police enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the incident, detectives had reason to believe there may have been third party involvement.

On Tuesday 10 March, officers arrested a man in connection with her death and he was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

He now been released on police bail pending further enquiries to return to answer on Thursday 9 April.

Pending formal Coroner’s inquest proceedings, the victim has been identified as Miriam Rhodes (known as Isobel).

## Previous release I 11 March 2020

Police have been granted more time to question a man arrested in connection with the unexplained death of an 88-year-old woman in Capel St Mary, which occurred last month.

Officers were called at 12.50pm on Monday 17 February to concerns for the welfare of a woman who resided at an address near Mill Hill.

Ambulance crews were first to arrive at the property, where they discovered the woman deceased inside.

The death was not initially considered to be suspicious, but following police enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the incident, detectives now have reason to believe there may have been third party involvement.

Yesterday morning, Tuesday 10 March, officers arrested a 43-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of murder and he was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

Detectives made an application for a warrant of further detention at Ipswich Magistrates’ Court this afternoon, Wednesday 11 March, where they were granted an additional 30 hours to question the suspect, which will expire at 23.58pm tomorrow.

## Previous release | 10 March 2020

Police have arrested a man in connection with the unexplained death of an 88-year-old woman in Capel St Mary, which occurred last month.

Officers were called at 12.50pm on Monday 17 February to concerns for the welfare of a woman who resided at an address near Mill Hill.

Ambulance crews were first to arrive at the property, where they discovered the woman deceased inside.

The death was not initially considered to be suspicious, but following police enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the incident, detectives now have reason to believe there may have been third party involvement.

This morning, Tuesday 10 March, officers arrested a 43-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of murder and he has been taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.
