```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-14T09:49:47+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-11T11:54:40+01:00'
og:
  description: An investigation is underway after police were called to reports of suspected illegal immigrants being brought into Suffolk from the water at Bawdsey.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter2.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suspected illegal immigrants - Update
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-14T09:49:47+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suspected-illegal-immigrants-update
title: Suspected illegal immigrants - Update | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suspected-illegal-immigrants-update
```

An investigation is underway after police were called to reports of suspected illegal immigrants being brought into Suffolk from the water at Bawdsey.

Police were called shortly after 6:30pm Saturday 10th September, by a member of the public reporting that a yacht had brought a number of people to the quayside at Bawdsey.

The group of people were seen to enter a black Range Rover on the quay and leave the area in the direction of Woodbridge.

The vehicle was later found outside a pub in Bromeswell and 6 people – four men and two women, were seen to flee the area. The investigation has now been passed to Immigration Enforcement’s Criminal and Financial Investigations Eastern Team and police are assisting with enquiries.

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact Immigration Enforcement’s officer in charge of the case Jamie Toleman on **01279 338937** or [email protected].

 **Coast line security** \- **How can you help us?**

We want you to report any unusual or suspicious activity near the coastline and in maritime environments. This could include, among others:

 * Crew who show signs of nervousness or a lack of awareness of maritime protocols and customs.
 * Vessels showing signs of unusual modification or minor damage.
 * Increased activity at isolated coastal locations or at unusual times of the day.
 * Any attempts to signal to vessels offshore or guide them into an unusual landfall.
 * Strange patterns of payment, such as large amounts of cash.
 * People testing site security or an unusual interest in site structures and wharfs.

 **What should you do?**

If you require immediate assistance, call 999. If you want to report unusual or suspicious activity, report it to your local police on 101, or anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, and quote "KRAKEN”.

If you want to anonymously report your information online, visit www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

Record as much information as you can - the smallest detail could be significant.

## Previous release - 11/09/2016

A joint investigation is underway after police were called to reports of suspected illegal immigrants being brought into Suffolk from the water at Bawdsey.

Police were called shortly after 6:30pm yesterday evening, Saturday 10 September, by a member of the public reporting that a yacht had brought a number of people to the quayside at Bawdsey.

The group of people were seen to enter a black Range Rover on the quay and leave the area in the direction of Woodbridge.

The vehicle was later found outside a pub in Bromeswell and a 6 people – four men and two women, were seen to flee the area. One male is described as being white, wearing a red fleece top and carrying a black bag, one is described as having a tanned complexion, wearing a blue top and dark jeans, one is described as a white man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts and the fourth is described as wearing a dark or blue coloured top. One of the women is described as wearing a pink coloured fleece top, jeans and white trainers and the other is described as being white with light blonde hair and was wearing a green top.

Officers are appealing for witnesses to this incident and are keen for anyone who has seen the group to contact officers who are concerned for their welfare.

Police are carrying out an investigation into the incident with UK Border Force.

Anyone with information is asked to contact police on **101** quoting CAD 352 of 10 September.
