```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-02-02T15:14:32+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-02-02T15:14:32+00:00'
og:
  description: The first of a series of community engagement events in Newmarket is to be held tomorrow, Friday 3 February, as Suffolk Police and partner agencies collaborate to combat antisocial behaviour at Icewell Hill.Last year, police control room operators received approximately 119 calls reporting incidents to the area and requesting a police presence; which resulted in 61 various offences being committed, including criminal damage, drug offences, harassment, theft and burglaries. However, more than half of the calls received were not ultimately police matters.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/untitled7.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Newmarket community event tomorrow
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-02-02T15:14:32+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/newmarket-community-event-tomorrow
title: Newmarket community event tomorrow | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/newmarket-community-event-tomorrow
```

The first of a series of community engagement events in Newmarket is to be held tomorrow, Friday 3 February, as Suffolk Police and partner agencies collaborate to combat antisocial behaviour at Icewell Hill.

Last year, police control room operators received approximately 119 calls reporting incidents to the area and requesting a police presence; which resulted in 61 various offences being committed, including criminal damage, drug offences, harassment, theft and burglaries. However, more than half of the calls received were not ultimately police matters.

This led to the multi-agency approach, to enable individuals who require treatment to be signposted towards relevant support agencies. Partners include Forest Heath District Council, the local Fire service, Flagship Housing Group, Anglia Care, NHS Outreach, SNAP and Racing Welfare.

Sergeant Davy Hill, of the Newmarket Safer Neighbourhood Team (SNT), said: "Our officers will always act on information gathered from across our communities and prioritise responding to concerns regarding antisocial behaviour, whether that’s alcohol abuse or domestic violence. Our priority is public safety.

"We are continuing to speak to public bodies and charities to widen our community support to ensure that we’re both responding to concerns about crime, and providing the help individuals need to stop repeat offences.

"We will be rolling out regular community engagement events, with the first to be held tomorrow, Friday 3 February. We are inviting residents to attend, meet the Newmarket SNT and our partners, and air any concerns they may have within their community.”

The meeting will be held at Icewell Hill between 11am – 3pm.

Cllr Robin Millar, Forest Heath Cabinet member for Communities, said: "By residents and agencies working together, we are building a sense of community and shared responsibility. If services are needed, we are making sure they are there, as well as connecting people so they can help each other out, when appropriate.”
