```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-21T15:53:35+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-15T18:19:15+01:00'
og:
  description: A 51-year-old man who died following a road traffic collision in Little Stonham is being named by police.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/austrinmckenna.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Tribute issued after fatal collision at A140 Little Stonham
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-21T15:53:35+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-a140-little-stonham
title: Tribute issued after fatal collision at A140 Little Stonham | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/fatal-collision-a140-little-stonham
```

A 51-year-old man who died following a road traffic collision in Little Stonham is being named by police.

Officers were contacted at approximately 1:50pm on Saturday 15 April to reports of a three vehicle collision on the A140 between Little Stonham and Mendlesham.

Austrin Samuel Maitland McKenna – also known as Sam – from Wetheringsett suffered serious injuries and was taken to Ipswich Hospital where he sadly died.

> **His family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:**
>
> “Aus was a unique soul who lived life to the full. He was a natural artist from a creative family and a skilled cabinet maker turning his hand to all aspects of woodwork with a special talent for carving. He created a wide variety of bespoke pieces including gypsy wagons, wooden homes and fine furniture.
>
> “He had a lifelong ambition to restore his 1890’s showman’s wagon to its former glory and had more recently enjoyed planning renovations on a timber cabin in which he owned together with his wife Natalie. They spent happy times discussing their plans and future involving both projects.
>
> “Aus had an ability to engage with people and had a wide circle of friends primarily due to his warm approachable personality. He was able to put people at ease and was generous, kind, gentle, loving, sensitive and thoughtful. He was knowledgeable, reflective, forgiving and never held a grudge. This led him to be able to form strong bonds with people who would look to him for advice and support not only in their everyday lives but also in times of crisis and distress.
>
> Leading an alternative lifestyle, he was able to share his experiences with a sense of humour that everyone enjoyed.
>
> “Aus’s unique life experiences enabled him to show a high level of empathy not only to his fellow man but also to the animals in his life. He enjoyed time with his pony and trap which allowed him to be outdoors and have personal space. He was an accomplished horseman and had an innate gift to train even the most challenging of horses.
>
> “Aus was also well known for his love of collectables and antiques which lead to an elaborate collection of vintage cap guns! This interest allowed him to scour markets and salerooms which was also a passion. He also played a mean game of cards!
>
> “Aus was a father to his only son Jools whom he absolutely doted on. Together they shared a love of history which led to many days out at museums and places of historical interest in which they both thoroughly enjoyed. He was also a loving and supportive father to his stepdaughter Larni, who is currently teaching in Japan.
>
> “Although he was only married to Natalie for 18 months prior to his tragic death this relationship brought them both immense love and happiness which was obvious to all.
>
> “Aus will be sorely missed by Natalie, Jools and Larni, but also his mother and stepfather Sally and Stewart McKenna, father Bruer Tidman, sisters Jessica and Martha, brother Joseph and half-brother Reuben Martin.
>
> “On a sympathy card received by the family, a close friend had written… ‘About 20 years ago Sam rode past my home, he was riding bare back and had a younger horse on a lead rein. That was the first time I saw him, that is the picture I have now of a good horseman and a very talented woodworker and friend.’
>
> The family feel this perfectly sums up the man that we love and miss so much.
>
> “The family would like to thank everybody for their support and kind messages at this devastating time. The funeral with be held on Wednesday 3rd May 2017 at Seven Hills Crematorium, Felixstowe Road, Nacton, Suffolk IP10 0FG at 3.45pm – all are welcome.
>
> Family flowers only. Donations to The friends of the Brian Hore Unit (www.fbhu.org).”

Officers are asking anyone who may have seen the collision to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police by dialling 101 and quoting CAD number 213 of 15 April.

## Previous release | 15/04/2017

A man has died following a fatal road traffic collision on the A140 at Little Stonham.

Police were contacted at approximately 1:50pm this afternoon, Saturday 15 April, to reports of a collision between a black Audi Q5 and a white Ford Escort van on the A140 between Little Stonham and Mendlesham.

The driver of the van - a man in his 50s – suffered serious injuries and was taken to Ipswich Hospital where he has now sadly died. The driver and occupant of the Audi were treated by paramedics at the scene for minor injuries.

A third vehicle, a blue Renault Cleo, sustained minor damage in the collision but the driver was uninjured.

An investigation is underway into the cause of the collision, and the A140 remains closed in both directions while an examination is carried out at the scene.

Any witnesses are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police by dialling 101 and quoting CAD number 213 of today, Saturday 15 April.
