```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-09-07T16:57:39+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-09-07T16:56:52+01:00'
og:
  description: "Heritage Crime/Metal Theft Awareness Week (5 -12 September) is an opportunity to remind the public to be alert to this type of crime in their communities. In the past, Suffolk has seen a rise in metal thefts, including the theft of lead from churches.\_ Whilst police in the county have not recorded recent incidents, neighbouring counties have experienced a recent rise in these crimes. All intelligence linked to metal thefts is shared with neighbouring counties and at both a regional and national level."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/policecargenerictwitter.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Communities reminded to be alert to metal thieves
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-09-07T16:57:39+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/communities-reminded-be-alert-metal-thieves
title: Communities reminded to be alert to metal thieves | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/communities-reminded-be-alert-metal-thieves
```

Heritage Crime/Metal Theft Awareness Week (5 -12 September) is an opportunity to remind the public to be alert to this type of crime in their communities. In the past, Suffolk has seen a rise in metal thefts, including the theft of lead from churches. Whilst police in the county have not recorded recent incidents, neighbouring counties have experienced a recent rise in these crimes. All intelligence linked to metal thefts is shared with neighbouring counties and at both a regional and national level.

Police also work with churches to help prevent the theft of lead from roofs. All churches are encouraged to consider the installation of lighting, CCTV and/or roof alarms.

Rural churches are often targeted due to their isolated locations so members of the public are asked to report any suspicious activity they see. Stealing a large amount of lead takes time and a reasonably large vehicle to transport it, so any early reports will assist police in locating offenders.

> Chief Inspector Matt Rose said "We are asking local people to take an interest in their local church whilst they are out and about. If you take the dog out for a walk, or go for a stroll, don’t ignore anything that you think looks out of place - report anything you think may be suspicious to the police. Communities can act as our eyes and ears, and by pulling together to note suspicious activity, we can deter thieves and help keep these historic buildings safe”

> Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said, "Our beautiful buildings need to be cherished and we must do whatever we can to combat heritage crime.
>
> "We all have a role to play to protect our county’s beautiful churches but so often they are in remote areas so I fully support this campaign encouraging everyone to keep their eyes peeled and report any suspicious activity.”
