```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-04T12:58:26+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-08T12:33:10+01:00'
og:
  description: Police are issuing CCTV images of a man they would like to trace in connection with an incident in Haverhill earlier this year where four people were assaulted.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/haverhill_assault1_-_44227.18.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Haverhill - new CCTV images released following assault
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-04T12:58:26+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-08-2018/haverhill-new-cctv-images-released-following-assault
title: Haverhill - new CCTV images released following assault | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/08-08-2018/haverhill-new-cctv-images-released-following-assault
```

Police are issuing CCTV images of a man they would like to trace in connection with an incident in Haverhill earlier this year where four people were assaulted.

At around 3.45am on Sunday 5 August, four men - all aged in their early 20s - were walking in Duddery Road, when they were approached and attacked by a group of other males.

As a result of this incident all four victims sustained broken or fractured bones.

Officers are now issuing CCTV images of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the incident. He is described as white, with a bald head and wearing a white t-shirt. He was driving a silver vehicle.

Two people have previously been arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm in connection with this incident as follows: a 28-year-old man from Haverhill; and a 24-year-old man from north London. They were both questioned and released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Anyone who recognises the man in the CCTV image, or who has any information about this incident, is asked to contact West CID at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101, quoting reference 44227/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.

## Previous release | 10 August 2018

Police are releasing a CCTV image of a car as they would like to speak to the owner in connection with a serious assault in Haverhill.

The incident occurred in Duddery Road on Sunday 5 August at approximately 4.40am when the victims - four young men - were attacked by another group of males.

As result of the incident, several people within the victim’s group sustained serious injuries including broken bones.

Police are issuing the CCTV image as they would keen to speak to the owner as they may be able to help with the investigation.

Officers would also like to speak to a male and a female who were witnessed sitting on a bench in Ehringshausen Way outside Frankie and Benny’s restaurant shortly before the incident occurred.

Anyone with information or dash-cam footage should contact Bury St Edmunds CID on 101 quoting reference 37/44227/18 or the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Previous release | 8 August 2018

Police are appealing for witnesses following a serious assault in Haverhill.

The incident occurred in Duddery Road on Sunday 5 August at approximately 4.40am when the victims - four young men - were attacked by another group of males after a verbal disagreement.

As result of the incident, several people within the victim’s group sustained serious injuries including broken bones.

Officers would be keen to speak to a male and a female who were witnessed sitting on a bench in Ehringshausen Way outside Frankie and Benny’s restaurant shortly before the incident occurred as they may be able to help with the investigation.

Anyone who witnessed the incident or has any information should contact Bury St Edmunds CID on 101 quoting reference 37/44227/18 or the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.

## Gallery
