```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-08-28T12:17:05+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-08-25T14:14:10+01:00'
og:
  description: A 19-year-old man arrested in connection with an assault in Ipswich at the end of last week has been released under investigation.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Ipswich \u2013 Male released under investigation in connection with stabbing"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-08-28T12:17:05+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-08-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-male-released-under-investigation-connection-stabbing
title: "Ipswich \u2013 Male released under investigation in connection with stabbing | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/25-08-2018/ipswich-%E2%80%93-male-released-under-investigation-connection-stabbing
```

A 19-year-old man arrested in connection with an assault in Ipswich at the end of last week has been released under investigation.

Police were called just before 8.10pm on Friday 24 August to reports that a man had been attacked in the area of Cromer Road, near to the junction with Norwich Road.

The victim – aged 19 - was attacked by a group of three or more males. His injuries, including stab wounds, are not considered to be life-threatening.

The 19-year-old man from Ipswich was arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to the incident, or persons who were driving in the area with a dash cam fitted to their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 48550/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release I 27 August 2018

A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with an assault in Ipswich at the end of last week.

Police were called just before 8.10pm on Friday 24 August to reports that a man had been attacked in the area of Cromer Road, near to the junction with Norwich Road.

The victim – aged 19 - was attacked by a group of three or more males. His injuries, including stab wounds, are not considered to be life-threatening.

Officers believe this to be a be a targeted attack and yesterday evening, Sunday 26 August, arrested a 19-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm in connection with this incident.

He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he currently remains for questioning.

Detectives are continuing to appeal for any witnesses to the incident, or persons who were driving in the area with a dash cam fitted to their vehicle.

Anyone with information is asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference 48550/18. Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.

## Previous release | 25 August 2018

A male has sustained injuries after an attack in Ipswich last night, Friday 24 August.

Police were called just before 8.10pm to reports that a man had been attacked in the area of Cromer Road.

The victim was attacked by a group of three or more males. His injuries, including stab wounds, are not considered life-threatening.

There is currently a police scene in place at the junction of Cromer road and Norwich Road.

This would appear to be a targeted attack and there is no obvious increased risk to the wider public.

Any witnesses to the incident or persons who were in the area with Dash Cam are asked to contact South CID at Landmark House on 101 quoting reference CAD 410 of 24 August.

Alternatively contact the charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
