```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-11-20T11:49:59+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-10-26T14:02:06+01:00'
og:
  description: "Communities are being reminded to check their homes, vehicles, businesses and financial security as the next phase of the force\u2019s First Principle crime prevention initiative launches."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/1st_principle_logo.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "County \u2013 Next phase of crime prevention advice launched"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-11-20T11:49:59+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/county-next-phase-crime-prevention-advice-launched
title: "County \u2013 Next phase of crime prevention advice launched | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/county-next-phase-crime-prevention-advice-launched
```

Communities are being reminded to check their homes, vehicles, businesses and financial security as the next phase of the force’s First Principle crime prevention initiative launches.

The initiative, which was launched by the force two years ago, is continuing to urge residents and businesses to make sure they are aware of the measures they can take to protect themselves.

Further categories such as protecting businesses during the pandemic, recent scams and keyless car theft advice, among others, have been added to the online suite of crime prevention topics that are available to view on the force’s website.

Inspector Claire Simons said: "Following the launch two years ago, we have now improved and updated the advice and information available on our website as part of our First Principle crime prevention initiative.

"The initiative, which was originally inspired by Sir Robert Peel’s nine principles of modern policing, is about Suffolk police working more effectively with its partners and the public in order to prevent crime.

"Times are changing and with extra demands being placed on the force, there is a significant role our communities can also play in preventing crime.

"In a number of incidents, we find that a crime could often have been prevented from happening if a few simple crime prevention steps were taken. For example, opportunist criminals will be on the look out at this time of year for valuables on display and potential Christmas presents.

"We want to remind everyone that each of us has a responsibility to protect ourselves and our property. Taking simple steps to prevent crime can often be all that is needed to reduce the chances of becoming a victim of crime.

"With this in mind, and as types of crime and trends change, we have added further categories to our bespoke suite of crime prevention on our website.

"By following our advice, residents can help us to reduce crime and in turn, feel safer in their homes and on the street.”

The force is also asking residents to be mindful of vulnerable or elderly neighbours and to take the time to check their crime prevention measures are in place.

To access the documents and for further crime prevention advice visit: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

If you would like a hard copy of any of the information, please contact the force via the website.

**An easy way to access the First Principle information is to scan the QR code.**

**Robert Peel's First Principle of modern policing is:**

"To prevent crime and disorder, as an alternative to their repression by military force and severity of legal punishment."

The modern interpretation is:

"The basic mission for which the police exist is to prevent crime and disorder."

## Previous release | 26 October 2018

Suffolk Constabulary is launching a new approach to crime prevention this Saturday.

The brand, known as 1st Principle, originates from the founder of the modern police service, Sir Robert Peel, who identified nine principles of modern policing. The first of these principles was to prevent crime.

1st Principle aims to stimulate a cultural change in the way crime prevention is typically perceived and carried out. The initiative is also encouraging businesses, academic institutions, the voluntary sector, the public and the force’s partners to recognise that crime prevention is everyone’s responsibility.

The aim of the launch, which starts tomorrow, Saturday 27 October, and is running for a week, is to make everyone who lives, works, travels or invests in the county, aware of the crime prevention advice and how they can promote it.

At the heart of this initiative is the development of an online suite of bespoke, easy to follow crime prevention advice for the public to access. The advice will be updated by the force’s designing out crime officers (DOCO) and will regularly be adapted to reflect changes in crime and technology in order to prevent and reduce crime.

Detective Superintendent Andy Smith, Head of Investigations, said: "I want 1st Principle to be a familiar phrase in Suffolk – one that is synonymous with crime prevention. This initiative is about Suffolk police working more effectively with its partners and the public to help prevent crime.

"Everyone has a responsibility to protect themselves and their property. Simple and often cost-effective steps are often all that is needed to reduce or even negate the chances of becoming a victim of crime.

"I would urge people to visit our website and be proactive, help us to reduce crime and make Suffolk a safer place and a hostile environment for criminals.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "Anything that helps us to be more aware of crime prevention has my full support.

"We all have a responsibility to do all we can to protect ourselves and our property, so I’d urge everyone to take a look at the constabulary’s website and take heed of the advice.

"Robert Peel said ‘the police are the people and the people are the police’ and that still stands today. Let’s all work together – public and police - to make Suffolk a no-go area for criminals.”

As part of the launch, the force’s community engagement officers will be working alongside various partners by running a series of targeted information events online and around the county to help raise awareness of the project.

By visiting the 1st Principle section on the force’s website, further information can be found on areas such as CCTV, cycle security, personal safety and fraud, with more information to be added in the coming months.

To access the documents and for further crime prevention advice visit: http://www.suffolk.police.uk/advice/crime-prevention-z

If you would like a hard copy of any of the information, please contact us via our website.

Crime prevention advice and a series of information events will be published on the force’s Twitter accounts. Follow @SuffolkPolice and use the hashtag #FirstPrinciple or join the launch on Suffolk Constabulary’s Facebook page.
