```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-12-29T18:41:28+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-12-22T13:02:11+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are issuing a tribute from the family of 68-year-old Mrs Teresa Smith of Haverhill, who sadly died in Addenbrooke\u2019s Hospital following a collision on the A143 in Little Wratting on Saturday 25 November."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/teresa_smith.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Teresa Smith - family tribute
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-12-29T18:41:28+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-12-2017/teresa-smith-family-tribute
title: Teresa Smith - family tribute | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/22-12-2017/teresa-smith-family-tribute
```

Police are issuing a tribute from the family of 68-year-old Mrs Teresa Smith of Haverhill, who sadly died in Addenbrooke’s Hospital following a collision on the A143 in Little Wratting on Saturday 25 November.

"Teresa was a wife, mum, nanny, friend but most of all a kind, thoughtful, caring and selfless woman. Always putting others needs before those of her own. Her presence lit up the room in times of joy, spreading cheer, warmth and happiness. She was always the first one on an empty dance floor. In times of need and sorrow, her calming and compassionate nature brought comfort to those around her.

A keen swimmer, walker and aerobics enthusiast, her energy and abundance for life was displayed, frequently raising funds for numerous charities, spending every Christmas Day with the homeless.

She has left a deep void in the lives of all that she touched and will be greatly missed by so many.

As a family, we would like to make special thanks to the two ladies who assisted at the roadside and the emergency services including: East Anglian Air Ambulance, NCCU Addenbrooke’s and the Arthur Rank Hospice who supported Teresa and the family in her final days.

## Little Wratting - Serious collision update December 2017

A 68-year-old woman who sustained serious injuries in a road traffic collision in Little Wratting last month has sadly died.

Police were called by the Ambulance Service at 2.35pm on Saturday 25 November to reports of a single vehicle collision on the A143, where a blue Toyota MR2 left the road and collided with a tree.

Teresa Smith, of Haverhill and who was driving the car, sustained serious injuries in the collision and was taken to Addenbrooke’s Hospital, where she has subsequently died.

Any witnesses to the collision, or anyone who believes they may have seen the car prior to it – particularly if they have dashcam footage – is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101, quoting reference CAD 243 of 25 November.
