```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-12-20T16:09:34+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-12-20T16:07:40+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police are advising to stay vigilant to fraudsters who phone the vulnerable and claim\_to be police officers. The caller will give a\_false name and claim they have someone in custody who has been arrested for using the bank card of the person they are calling. They usually ask for money at some point during the conversation."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police-generic-officer-istock-494973902.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Stay vigilant to fraudulent officers
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-12-20T16:09:34+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stay-vigilant-fraudulent-officers
title: Stay vigilant to fraudulent officers | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/stay-vigilant-fraudulent-officers
```

Police are advising to stay vigilant to fraudsters who phone the vulnerable and claim to be police officers. The caller will give a false name and claim they have someone in custody who has been arrested for using the bank card of the person they are calling. They usually ask for money at some point during the conversation.

Genuine police officers or staff would never approach residents and ask for cash withdrawals to be made.

Police would ask people with vulnerable relatives, friends or neighbours to make sure they are aware of this type of scam.

Officers have this advice:
• Never give out personal information about your bank account to anybody over the phone.
• If someone calls claiming to be a police officer, ask for their photo identification, officer number and police force. If they phone, hang up and call 101 using a different phone. If you can’t use a different phone, wait at least five minutes before calling back. A genuine police officer will not mind waiting while you check.
• Police and banks will never ask you to give out personal details such as account numbers or PIN numbers.
• If you have given out information which could compromise your bank account security in any way, call your bank to cancel your cards as soon as possible.
• Never hand over money to someone at the door to be sent off elsewhere.
Anyone with concerns about such calls should contact Suffolk Constabulary on the non-emergency number 101 or 999 if a crime is in progress. Alternatively, contact Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.
