```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2020-10-08T13:28:03+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2020-10-08T10:25:04+01:00'
og:
  description: Suffolk police are backing a national campaign that is raising awareness of dating or romance fraud.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/8.png
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Suffolk backs national romance fraud campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2020-10-08T13:28:03+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-backs-national-romance-fraud-campaign
title: Suffolk backs national romance fraud campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/suffolk-backs-national-romance-fraud-campaign
```

Suffolk police is backing a national campaign that is raising awareness of dating or romance fraud.

The week long campaign on social media aims to provide clear protection advice to the public and it follows 79 reports* in Suffolk of romance fraud over the past 13 months with reported losses of £907,800.

Romance fraud, or dating fraud, occurs when you think you’ve met the perfect partner online but they are using a fake profile to form a relationship with you. They gain your trust over a number of weeks or months and have you believe you are in a loving and caring relationship. However, the criminal’s end goal is only ever to get your money or personal information.

While the majority of people you interact with are genuine, criminals can target any online platforms where there is a messaging function to strike up a conversation and build a friendship or romantic relationship with you. They’ll mould themselves into your perfect match, finding out as much information as they can about you from your online footprint and social media channels, and make it appear that you have interests and experiences in common. They’ll seem loving, caring and protective over you.

After building your trust over a number of weeks or months, they may well disguise a request for money, dropping it harmlessly into conversation. They’ll could appear vulnerable and in need of your help, often talking about financial woes relating to sickness or stress and worry to make you feel sorry for them. In some cases, rather than asking for money direct, these manipulative criminals will also groom you into a position where you offer it, to help them out of whatever crisis they are in.

If you think you’ve been a victim of a scam, don’t feel ashamed or embarrassed - you are not alone. Contact your bank immediately and report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 or via actionfraud.police.uk.

T/DCI Nicola Wallace said: "Such a crime exploits people both emotionally and financially to exploit and defraud them. While the majority of people you interact with are genuine, criminals can target any online platforms where there is a messaging function to strike up a conversation and build a friendship or romantic relationship with you.

"They will spend hours researching you for their scams, especially when committing romance fraud. Stop and think. It could protect you and your money. They will invent lies about needing medical treatment, or urgent travel expenses to leave a country, or funds to keep afloat after a bogus job loss caused by the pandemic. It’s important to be aware that not everyone is who they say they are. If in doubt, talk to someone you trust.”

Suffolk Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said: "So-called romance fraud is a particularly cruel crime, as victims are targeted both financially and emotionally. It affects people of all ages, in all walks of life.

"These heartless fraudsters prey on those looking for love and the victims are often exploited out of significant amounts of money, in some cases hundreds of thousands of pounds.

"It may not seem like a very romantic start to a relationship but it makes sense to follow the ‘Date Safe’ advice on the Action Fraud website before getting too involved and remember no one you meet online should ever ask you for money.

"If you have been victim of a romance fraud it is important to report it to Action Fraud – you are not alone and your action may help prevent others falling victim too.”

In summary people should:

Stop - Taking a moment to stop and think before parting with your money or information could keep you safe.

Challenge - Is this person really who they say they are? Could it be fake? It’s ok to reject, refuse or ignore any requests for your financial or personal details. Only criminals will try to rush or panic you.

Protect -Contact your bank immediately if you think you’ve fallen for a scam and report it to Action Fraud. If you’re in Scotland, you can report to Police Scotland by calling 101.

More information can be found on the Action Fraud website:
https://www.actionfraud.police.uk/a-z-of-fraud/dating-fraud

*Figures from Action Fraud (Aug 2019 – Aug 2020)

## Gallery
