```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-11-18T12:30:23+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-11-15T14:08:47+00:00'
og:
  description: Police searching for missing 18-year-old Matthew Strasbaugh can confirm that the body of a man was discovered yesterday afternoon, Saturday 17 November.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/taking_notes.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Body found in search for missing Lakenheath man
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-11-18T12:30:23+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-11-2018/body-found-search-missing-lakenheath-man
title: Body found in search for missing Lakenheath man | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/15-11-2018/body-found-search-missing-lakenheath-man
```

Police searching for missing 18-year-old Matthew Strasbaugh can confirm that the body of a man was discovered yesterday afternoon, Saturday 17 November.

Officers, assisted by members of Suffolk Lowland Search and Rescue conducted a search of the area and a body of a man was later located within the base at RAF Lakenheath.

The man has now been formally identified and is confirmed to be missing person Matthew Strasbaugh, who was reported missing to police on Tuesday 13 November.

The death is being treated as unexplained at this time but detectives do not currently believe there are any suspicious circumstances and a file will now be prepared for the coroner.

## Previous release | 17 November 2018

Police are renewing appeals for help to trace a missing 18-year-old man from Lakenheath.

Matthew Strasbaugh was last seen on Tuesday 13 November around midday when he left his home on the RAF base at Lakenheath to go to the shop but he did not return. He was reported missing to police later that day.

Since Matthew was reported missing, officers have undertaken a number of enquiries to locate him and further searches will be carried out today, Saturday 17 November, within the grounds of the RAF Lakenheath base. Officers will also be assisted by SULSAR (Suffolk Lowland Search and Resue).

Matthew is white, 6ft 3ins tall of slim build with short brown hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing a lightweight dark grey jacket, dark blue jeans, t-shirt and black trainers.

Officers are extremely concerned for Matthew’s welfare and are asking anyone who has seen him or who has any information on his whereabouts to contact Suffolk police on 101.

## Previous release | 15 November 2018

Suffolk Police are appealing for help to trace a missing 18-year-old man from Lakenheath.

Matthew Strasbaugh was last seen on Tuesday 13 November around midday when he left his home on the RAF base at Lakenheath to go to the shop but did not return. He was reported missing to police later that day.

Matthew is white, 6 feet 3 inches tall of slim build with short brown hair and blue eyes. He was last seen wearing a lightweight dark grey jacket, dark blue jeans, t-shirt and black trainers.

Officers are concerned for Matthew’s well-being and enquiries are continuing to locate him.

Anyone who has seen Matthew or who has any information regarding his whereabouts should contact Suffolk Police on 101.
