```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-09-19T16:02:04+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-09-19T16:02:04+01:00'
og:
  description: "Officers are appealing for witnesses \u2013 and in particular motorists who may have dash cam footage \u2013 following a police pursuit in Bury St Edmunds."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/med-grp-dsc_0008_3.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Appeal for dash cam footage following pursuit"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-09-19T16:02:04+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-09-2018/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-appeal-dash-cam-footage-following-pursuit
title: "Bury St Edmunds \u2013 Appeal for dash cam footage following pursuit | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/19-09-2018/bury-st-edmunds-%E2%80%93-appeal-dash-cam-footage-following-pursuit
```

Officers are appealing for witnesses – and in particular motorists who may have dash cam footage – following a police pursuit in Bury St Edmunds.

Just before 5.50pm on Friday 7 September a silver/grey BMW 530 which was believed to be stolen was identified by a police unit on the A14 eastbound.

The vehicle exited the carriageway at junction 43 and once on the off-slip the police car’s lights were illuminated to request the BMW to stop, which it failed to do so.

It then pushed its way through queueing traffic, turning left on to Compiegne Way, then into Cannon Street contravening a no-entry sign, before coming to a stop in Short Brackland where the four occupants decamped and ran off towards the town centre.

Three suspects were quickly located and arrested at around 6.15pm, with a fourth detained around an hour later.

The four were all arrested on suspicion of theft of a motor vehicle and taken to Bury St Edmunds Police Investigation Centre for questioning. They were subsequently released under investigation pending further enquiries.

Their details are as follows: a 36-year-old man; a 32-year-old man; and a 14-year-old boy; all from east London; and a 34-year-old man from Southend-on-Sea.

Officers are appealing for any witnesses to this incident and in particular anyone who may have dash cam footage of the BMW at any stage during the pursuit, or who saw four people running from a vehicle in Short Brackland.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Roads and Armed Policing Team at Bury St Edmunds Police Station on 101 quoting reference 51477/18.
