```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-08-11T13:35:34+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-08-10T00:26:44+01:00'
og:
  description: "An 18-year-old man who died following a road collision in Great Waldingfield, Sudbury has been formally named as Zachariah \u2018Zac\u2019 Smith, of North Rise, Great Cornard."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_roads_2015-119.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Great Waldingfield - Two men named following fatal collision
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-08-11T13:35:34+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/great-waldingfield-two-men-named-following-fatal-collision
title: Great Waldingfield - Two men named following fatal collision | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/great-waldingfield-two-men-named-following-fatal-collision
```

An 18-year-old man who died following a road collision in Great Waldingfield, Sudbury has been formally named as Zachariah ‘Zac’ Smith, of North Rise, Great Cornard.

Police were called shortly before 10pm on Wednesday 9 August to reports of a collision on the B1115, Great Waldingfield Road, just outside of the village.

Two men, the driver and passenger in the vehicle were treated by ambulance staff, as well as two volunteer critical care paramedics from Suffolk Accident Rescue Service, but Zac Smith – who was the driver – sadly died at the scene.

The family have asked us to issue the following tribute:

"Paul, Kelly, Ben and Alice are devastated at the loss of their beloved son and brother.

"Zac was never without a smile or a kind word for anyone who came his way. He was never far from those he loved, Zac has grown into an extraordinarily kind and handsome young man. He was the biggest giver of hugs and kisses; a mechanic, a sportsman, a son, a brother - a someone to everyone. He was the finder of fun and caretaker of everyone. 'Zac-man' you will be kept safe in our hearts always and forever.”

The family of the 18-year-old passenger who died following a road traffic collision in Great Waldingfield have paid tribute to him.

Kye Mclean, of Rockhall Road Polstead, died after the car he was travelling in left the road and collided with a tree on the B1115, Great Waldingfield Road.

He and the driver, Zachariah ‘Zac’ Smith, were treated by ambulance staff, as well as two volunteer critical care paramedics from Suffolk Accident Rescue Service, but both sadly died at the scene.

Kye’s family have asked us to issue the following tribute on their behalf:

"Kye was loved by everyone who knew him, not only by his family but by so many friends too.

"He would do anything to make people happy and his smile always lit up the room. As well as his family and friends, Kye loved his motorbike, football, tracksuits and roses.

"Family was everything, he will be sadly missed by his Mum, Dad, little sister and everyone who knew him.”

## Previous release | 10 August 2017

Police are appealing for information following a fatal road traffic collision in Great Waldingfield near Sudbury.

Officers were called at just before 10pm yesterday, Wednesday 9 August, to reports that a silver Vauxhall Corsa car had collided with a tree on the B1115, Great Waldingfield Road, near to the airfield.

Emergency services attended the incident including the air ambulance. Two men, the driver and passenger in the vehicle were treated by ambulance staff but sadly died at the scene.

The B1115 is currently closed in both directions to allow an investigation into the circumstances of the collision to take place.

Witnesses or anybody who may have any dash cam footage of the incident are asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Team on 101 reference CAD 403 of 9 August.
