```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-06-19T16:47:38+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-06-19T16:47:38+01:00'
og:
  description: "As policing plans are put in place to respond to the tragic events that took place overnight in London\u2019s Finsbury Park, Suffolk\u2019s lead for counter-terrorism has pledged to work even more closely with all our communities.\_In the wake of the fourth incident to take place in recent months and with Ramadan completing with Eid in the coming weekend, officers will continue to be more visible in key sites across the county.\_ There will also be a number of dedicated patrols at some faith locations."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/police_officer.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Chief officer pledges to work with all our local communities
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-06-19T16:47:38+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/chief-officer-pledges-work-all-our-local-communities
title: Chief officer pledges to work with all our local communities | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/chief-officer-pledges-work-all-our-local-communities
```

As policing plans are put in place to respond to the tragic events that took place overnight in London’s Finsbury Park, Suffolk’s lead for counter-terrorism has pledged to work even more closely with all our communities.

In the wake of the fourth incident to take place in recent months and with Ramadan completing with Eid in the coming weekend, officers will continue to be more visible in key sites across the county. There will also be a number of dedicated patrols at some faith locations.

ACC Simon Megicks, Norfolk and Suffolk’s Protective Services lead, said: "With the recent tragic events in mind we have been patrolling more visibly at certain large scale events and continuing our existing relationships with community leaders. Our thoughts are with those who have been caught up in the most recent incident last night and I want to reassure residents that we are working closely with all our faith communities to ensure that we continue to offer a proportionate and appropriate policing response.

He added: "Attacks such as those in London and Manchester seek to divide our communities and I would encourage people to work together rather than against each other. I can reassure you that we take any hate crime against people of any background extremely seriously and will respond as such.

"I would also encourage people to speak to the officers you will see out and about and remain vigilant against any suspicious activity.

Latest guidance on recognising the terrorist threat and remaining vigilant can be accessed via www.nactso.gov.uk

To report any suspicious activity or behaviour call 0800 789 321 or in an emergency dial 999.
