```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-12-17T16:25:46+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-12-17T16:22:59+00:00'
og:
  description: "Suffolk\u2019s Special Constabulary\u2019s Chief Officer and new Deputy Chief Officer are calling on volunteers who want to make a difference in the county to join up."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/deanknight.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: "Suffolk\u2019s new Chief Officer team calls on fresh recruits to join up"
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-12-17T16:25:46+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-12-2018/suffolk%E2%80%99s-new-chief-officer-team-calls-fresh-recruits-join
title: "Suffolk\u2019s new Chief Officer team calls on fresh recruits to join up | Suffolk Constabulary"
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/17-12-2018/suffolk%E2%80%99s-new-chief-officer-team-calls-fresh-recruits-join
```

Suffolk’s Special Constabulary’s Chief Officer and new Deputy Chief Officer are calling on volunteers who want to make a difference in the county to join up.

Richard Game (pictured below), who works full time for the force as an operational trainer, begins the role with immediate effect and replaces Dean Knight (pictured right) who was promoted to the rank of Chief Officer in September this year.

Dean, who has been a Special since 1992, said: "I would like to wish to Richard every success in this role and look forward to working alongside him as we work together to expand and develop the Special Constabulary for Suffolk. The role of the Specials along with others who volunteer to work alongside us is of utmost importance. It’s a really rewarding and worthwhile experience and would urge people interested in finding out more to come along to one of our recruitment events.”

Richard, who joined the force in his paid role in October 2012, has been a member of the Special Constabulary for nearly 23 years having joined in February 1996.

As part of his wide and varied role as Deputy Chief Officer Richard will be looking to improve the training and development of the Specials in the force, in particular looking at introducing personal development records for the Specials and leadership development programmes for the supervisors.

He said: "It’s a great honour to be taking up this role and I am really looking forward to developing the important work that the Specials do for the force. They play an invaluable part in supporting the work of Suffolk Constabulary and the service we are able to provide to local people. Policing is challenging and complex and Specials are involved in a wide range of policing roles.

"As well as developing our current Specials Constables we are always seeking new applicants from all communities in our county with differing skills and experience, so if you have 16 hours a month or more to offer us, anytime of the day or night, and are interested in finding out more please come along to one of our events.”

Police and Crime Commissioner for Suffolk Tim Passmore said: "The support we receive from Suffolk’s Special Constabulary is absolutely invaluable. I have seen at first hand the huge contribution these volunteer officers make to keeping Suffolk safe and am indebted to them all.

"I wish Dean and Richard well in their new roles. They have nearly 50 years of service between them and epitomise everything that is good about this volunteer policing scheme.

"Specials are a hugely important part of the policing family and I would encourage anyone who is interested in the scheme to attend one of the information events to find out more.”
The county has around 200 special constables who volunteer their time to assist the regular police force in keeping Suffolk safe.

Becoming a special constable is a positive opportunity to develop existing skills or to learn new ones, give something back to your local community and become a part of a diverse organisation that fights crime in the county.
The role of a special constable includes providing high visibility patrols and helping to police major incidents and events. They also offer vital links in the community between the police service and the public.
To apply you must be 18 years older, a European citizen and able to pass the force fitness test. You should also be able to offer 16 hours a month to carry out duties. You will get full training to become part of a team that deals with a variety of incidents and events across Suffolk.

A number of Special Constabulary recruitment information events are being held in community hubs across the county. Details are as follows:-

Saturday 26 January, 2019 – 10am-1pm – Rifle Hall, London Road, Halesworth.
Saturday 23 February, 2019 – 10am-1pm – Southgate Community Centre, Caie Walk, Bury St Edmunds.
Saturday 16 March, 2019 – 10am – 1pm – King Georges Community Centre, King Georges Avenue, Leiston.

Attendees will be able to follow the applicant journey from start to finish, including how to complete an application form, what happens at assessment centres, details of the training programme, what personal safety training officers receive and speak to special officers to find out exactly what it’s like to be a special with Suffolk Constabulary.
If you intend to go along to one of the events, please confirm your attendance by emailing [email protected] If you cannot attend but would like more information, please go to our website www.suffolk.police.uk\- join us – volunteer. You can also contact Karen Harris, Specials, Citizens in Policing Manager at the above email address.

## Gallery
