```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2021-01-22T12:26:15+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2021-01-22T10:59:45+00:00'
og:
  description: "Police have arrested and charged a man in connection with drug offences in Capel St Mary.\_Officers from Operation Sentinel were on patrol yesterday (Thu 21 Jan) at about 1pm in Capel St. Mary when officers had reason to stop a grey Vauxhall Astra with a lone male driving it."
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/sentinelsouth_0.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Capel St Mary drug charge
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2021-01-22T12:26:15+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/capel-st-mary-drug-charge
title: Capel St Mary drug charge | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/capel-st-mary-drug-charge
```

Police have arrested and charged a man in connection with drug offences in Capel St Mary.

Officers from Operation Sentinel were on patrol yesterday (Thu 21 Jan) at about 1pm in Capel St. Mary when officers had reason to stop a grey Vauxhall Astra with a lone male driving it.

A search was conducted of the vehicle and a white substance in block form, thought to be suspected cocaine was recovered. The haul was estimated to be worth around £28,000 and around £2000 in cash was also recovered. The male was arrested and taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning.

29 year old Filipi Emiljan of Park Road in Ipswich was charged with possession with intent to supply class A drugs and possession of criminal property, namely cash. He was remanded to appear before Ipswich Magistrates Court this morning (Friday 22 January).

The Sentinel team provides enhanced coverage of Suffolk’s road network to proactively disrupt serious and organised criminal activity as well as increasing police visibility. The mobile unit disrupts criminals and protect communities across Suffolk’s road network using a variety of techniques to deal with offenders involved in the highest criminal threats proactively, firmly and securing prosecutions.

Anyone who has information about drug use in their community is asked to contact their local policing team on 101 or alternatively, contact the independent charity Crimestoppers 100% anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their anonymous online form at crimestoppers-uk.org.
