```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-10-18T12:04:09+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-10-17T15:37:47+01:00'
og:
  description: Anti-Slavery Day on Tuesday 18 October is an opportunity to raise awareness of modern slavery and to highlight the work done by government, police, charities, business and individuals to eliminate it in the UK.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-sign.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Anti-Slavery Day
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-10-18T12:04:09+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/anti-slavery-day
title: Anti-Slavery Day | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/anti-slavery-day
```

Anti-Slavery Day on Tuesday 18 October is an opportunity to raise awareness of modern slavery and to highlight the work done by government, police, charities, business and individuals to eliminate it in the UK.

Suffolk and Norfolk Constabularies are supporting this day of action in raising awareness of human exploitation which often equates to modern-day slavery in 21st century Britain.

Safer Neighbourhood Teams and specialist officers across both counties continue to work with partner agencies who may to come into contact with those who are vulnerable to exploitation. It can include victims that have been brought from overseas, and vulnerable people in the UK, being forced to illegally work against their will & may occur in many different sectors, for example, the sex trade, cannabis farms, nail bars, car washes, agriculture & the construction industry.

Mark English, Norfolk and Suffolk Constabulary’s Human Trafficking and Organised Crime Co-ordinator said: "Modern Slavery is a reality and happens everywhere, even in rural counties. It’s an abuse of Human Rights and effects society’s most vulnerable men, women and children.

"Human Trafficking is the second most profitable criminal enterprise worldwide, surpassed only by the illicit drugs industry. Organised criminals prey on vulnerable people to make money, offering them false promises, a fresh start in a new city, town or country, a rosy picture of a better life, a good job, educational opportunity or marriage.

"The reality is something very different and once the victim reaches their destination their passport and identification can be taken by their traffickers and they are stripped of their freedom. In many cases they are given terrible living conditions and the Traffickers take control of their bank accounts and wages. The victims are then forced to work and given as little as 80 pence an hour whilst the Trafficker holds on to the rest.

"Very often the victims live in fear and are too frightened or unwilling to come forward but this has to stop. We need to open people’s eyes to the slavery all around them and encourage victims to speak out. They need to know that they have the support of Suffolk and Norfolk Constabularies and our partner agencies and by working together we can help free them of this atrocious crime.”

Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Tim Passmore said, "It’s hard to believe that slavery still exists and that it’s happening right across the country including here in Suffolk.

"It is a despicable crime which targets and exploits the vulnerable with desperate consequences.

"Signs of modern slavery are often hidden, making it hard to recognise the victims amongst us but I would urge everyone to be vigilant and report anything suspicious to the police.

"It is a sad reflection on our society that there is need for an Anti-Slavery Day but I do support this opportunity to raise awareness of this horrible and cruel crime.

"I hope all of us in Suffolk will do everything possible to report the perpetrators so they are prosecuted and face the consequences accordingly."

Norfolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner Lorne Green said: "This heinous crime isn’t something that happens somewhere else to someone else. It’s targeting and affecting the vulnerable in our society, and it is the duty of us all to protect and safeguard victims. Key to this is working together to spot the signs, giving the authorities the best chance of bringing an end to the abuse and pursuing offenders to the fullest.

"As well as highlighting how the UK is already fighting modern slavery, 18 October is an opportunity for us all to raise our own levels of awareness and ensure we can play our part.”

For more information on the day of action please visit

http://www.antislaveryday.com/

https://modernslavery.co.uk/
