```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2017-04-27T09:59:38+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2017-04-07T08:19:56+01:00'
og:
  description: Detectives have charged a man in connection with a stabbing in Ipswich earlier this month.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/page/promoted-image/s168.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man charged after stabbing in Ipswich
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2017-04-27T09:59:38+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-man-sustains-stab-wounds
title: Man charged after stabbing in Ipswich | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/appeal-after-man-sustains-stab-wounds
```

Detectives have charged a man in connection with a stabbing in Ipswich earlier this month.

At around 3.30am on Friday 7 April police were called to Dogs Head Street by a member of the public reporting that a man had been stabbed. The victim – a man aged in his 20s – was taken to hospital for treatment and has since been discharged.

Harry Lomax, aged 20, of Morgan Drive, Ipswich, was arrested yesterday morning, Wednesday 26 April, by officers in Cambridge acting on behalf of Suffolk Police.

He was taken to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre for questioning by detectives and has subsequently been charged with two offences as follows: wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm; and possession of a knife in a public place.

He has also been charged with possession of crack cocaine and possession of cannabis, in connection with offences occurring in Cambridge on 26 April.

Lomax was remanded in custody and is due to appear before Ipswich Magistrates’ Court today, Thursday 27 April.

Two other men have previously been arrested in connection with this incident, both on suspicion of assisting an offender. The men – a 49-year-old from Ipswich and a 26-year-old from Liverpool – have both been interviewed and released under investigation.

## Previous release | 7 April 2017

Police are appealing for witnesses and information after a man in his 20s was injured during a stabbing incident in Ipswich.

At approximately 3:30am this morning, Friday 7 April, police were called to Dogs Head Street by a member of the public to reports that a man had been stabbed.

Police immediately attended the area and the victim, aged in his 20s, has been taken to hospital for treatment where he is currently said to be in a serious but stable condition.

Detectives are eager to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident or who has information regarding an altercation which happened at approximately 3am in Falcon Street, and which is believed to be connected.

Officers are particularly keen to speak to anyone who saw a male fleeing the scene following the attack, in the direction of Upper Orwell Street.

The suspect is described as approximately 6ft in height, of slim build, and has short mousey-coloured hair. He is believed to have been wearing a dark zip-up hoodie with white stripes down both arms and white outlines. His hoodie is said to have an emblem across the front. His trousers are described as dark, possibly jeans, and he was wearing light-coloured shoes.

Officers are also keen to trace two other men seen with the suspect following the incident.

The first man is described as approximately 6ft in height, of slim build and with dark floppy hair. He was wearing white jeans and has a tattoo on his neck.

The second man is described as having dark hair. He was wearing a black round-neck jumper, light jeans and black shoes.

There have been no arrests and enquiries into the circumstances of the incident continue.

A scene remains in place at Dogs Head Street.

Anyone with information is urged to contact Ipswich CID on **101** quoting CAD 26 of today, 7 April.

## Previous release | 18 April 2017

Detectives investigating after a man was stabbed in an incident in Dogs Head Street in Ipswich in the early hours of Friday 7 April have arrested a 49-year-old man on suspicion of assisting an offender.

The 49-year-old, from Ipswich, was arrested on Saturday 8 April and was taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he was interviewed. He has now been released under investigation as police continue enquiries to locate a named suspect in connection with the incident.

The man in his 20s who was injured in the incident around 3.30am on Friday 7 remains in a stable and improving condition in hospital.

Police are continuing to ask anyone who may have seen what happened to call Ipswich CID by dialling Suffolk Police on **101** , quoting crime number 27492/17.

## Previous release | 20 April 2017

Detectives investigating after a man was stabbed in an incident in Dogs Head Street in Ipswich in the early hours of Friday 7 April have arrested a second man on suspicion of assisting an offender.

The 26-year-old, from Liverpool, was arrested yesterday, Wednesday 19 April and was taken into custody at Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he was interviewed. He has now been released under investigation as police continue enquiries to locate a named suspect in connection with the incident.

A 49-year-old man, from Ipswich, was arrested on Saturday 8 April on suspicion of assisting an offender and then released under investigation.

The man in his 20s who was injured in the incident around 3.30am on Friday 7 has been discharged from hospital.

Police are continuing to ask anyone who may have seen what happened to call Ipswich CID by dialling Suffolk Police on 101, quoting crime number 27492/17.

## Previous release | 26 April 2017

Police investigating a stabbing in Ipswich earlier this month have arrested a third man in connection with the incident.

At around 3.30am on Friday 7 April police were called to Dogs Head Street by a member of the public reporting that a man had been stabbed. The victim – a man aged in his 20s – was taken to hospital for treatment and has since been discharged.

This morning, Wednesday 26 April, officers in Cambridge acting on behalf of Suffolk Police, arrested a 20-year-old man from Ipswich on suspicion of attempted murder. He has now been brought to Martlesham Police Investigation Centre where he will be questioned by detectives.

Two other men have previously been arrested in connection with this incident, both on suspicion of assisting an offender. The men – a 49-year-old from Ipswich and a 26-year-old from Liverpool – have both been interviewed and released under investigation.

Detectives are continuing to ask anyone who may have witnessed the attack, or who has any information about this incident, to contact Ipswich CID on 101 quoting reference 27942/17, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
