```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2016-08-22T13:41:10+01:00'
  published:
    time: '2016-08-22T13:41:10+01:00'
og:
  description: More than 120 people were caught driving while using a mobile phone in Norfolk and Suffolk during a week-long campaign in May.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/generic-police-car.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: More than 120 people caught using phones during campaign
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2016-08-22T13:41:10+01:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-120-people-caught-using-phones-during-campaign
title: More than 120 people caught using phones during campaign | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/more-120-people-caught-using-phones-during-campaign
```

More than 120 people were caught driving while using a mobile phone in Norfolk and Suffolk during a week-long campaign in May.

In total, 122 motorists received Traffic Offence Reports (TORs), 118 for driving while using a mobile phone and four for not being in proper control of a vehicle.

Roads policing officers from Norfolk and Suffolk support the campaign led by the National Police Chiefs Council (NPCC) which ran from Monday 23 May until Sunday 29 May.

County results breakdown:

**Norfolk**

Driving while using a mobile phone – 69

Not in proper control of a vehicle – 3

**Suffolk**

Driving while using a mobile phone – 49

Not in proper control of a vehicle – 1

> Chief Inspector Kris Barnard, head of Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit, said: "Using a mobile phone behind the wheel increases your chances of being involved in a collision and no message or call is so important that you could end up putting yourself and others in harm’s way. Clearly there’s still many drivers taking the risk and our efforts to target these motorists will continue.”

> Norfolk Police and Crime Commissioner Lorne Green said: "I have zero tolerance for people who use a mobile phone whilst driving.
>
> "My message to these drivers: Wake up, don’t be so selfish and stop risking your own life and those around you.
>
> ”Pull over and turn off your engine if you need to use your phone.”

> Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, Tim Passmore said: "Using a mobile phone at the wheel is reckless and costs lives. It absolutely horrifies me when I see drivers on their phones and sadly we see it all too often.
>
> "Nothing that anyone is talking about on their phone while they are driving can be so important that it is worth risking their own life and the life of others.
>
> "The message is simple: don’t take the risk, if you haven’t got ‘hands-free’ in your car switch off your phone before you turn the key in your ignition.
