```yaml
area: Suffolk
article:
  modified:
    time: '2018-02-06T17:07:12+00:00'
  published:
    time: '2018-02-06T17:06:28+00:00'
og:
  description: A 39 year old man from Lakenheath has been given a 10 month jail sentence, suspended for two years, for downloading indecent images of children.
  image: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/sites/suffolk/files/arrest.jpg
  site:
    name: Suffolk Constabulary
  title: Man given suspended jail sentence for downloading indecent images
  type: article
  updated:
    time: '2018-02-06T17:07:12+00:00'
  url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-02-2018/man-given-suspended-jail-sentence-downloading-indecent-images
title: Man given suspended jail sentence for downloading indecent images | Suffolk Constabulary
url: https://www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latest-news/06-02-2018/man-given-suspended-jail-sentence-downloading-indecent-images
```

A 39 year old man from Lakenheath has been given a 10 month jail sentence, suspended for two years, for downloading indecent images of children.

Jacob Yarrow of Briscoe Way in Lakenheath received the sentence on Friday 2 February at Ipswich Crown Court after pleading plead guilty to three counts of making indecent images, four counts of possessing a prohibited weapon or firearm, and possessing a controlled drug being class B cannabis.

Police executed an search warrant on 25 January 2017 at his property following intelligence received. A search conducted by local officers found a number of electronic devices including laptops, tablets, hard drives, memory sticks, games consoles and mobile phones, two large quantities of cannabis amounting to over 500g of skunk cannabis (Class B), and a further 47g worth of herbal cannabis (Class B) and four incapacitate sprays.

A thorough investigation conducted by specialist officers in Suffolk’s online investigation team found the electronic devices to hold 64 category A indecent images, 50 category B indecent Images and 100 category C indecent Images.

A police drugs expert estimated the cannabis seized was valued at between £3,500 and £4,170. A forensic laboratory identified all four incapacitate sprays to be capable of discharging a noxious substance, under the Firearms Act 1968.

Yarrow was also given a sexual harm prevention order for 10 years, a rehabilitation requirement to attend over a 20 day period and he was ordered to pay £260 in costs. PC Bob Williams from Safeguarding & investigations said: "On what is Safer Internet Day we hope that this case sends a clear message out to such offenders that the internet is not an anonymous space for accessing indecent images. Such activity does leave a digital footprint and we will find it.”
